I'm around a bunch of people working together, in a sort of cabin-like place. We're working at tables across the room (or they are, anyway, I think I came from outside). A few of these are my particular companions - a couple of men, one of whom is leader, and at least one woman. We all know the others though. One of the guys I'm with has a new rifle of some sort, with a fancy sight on it. And it fires silently. He wants to test it out, so he (standing next to me) shoots this other woman (part of our group). It's claimed to be an accident or is somehow presented as acceptable, and they cart her off next door. Nobody is particularly upset but there's some concern in the air. I'm rather impressed and the guy asks if I want to fire it. I do, but I'm not anxious to kill anybody, even though I know if I don't I won't know whether or not it really works so well, or if I could use it "when the time came" - like there's some future likelihood of having to shoot somebody. So I take it and we decide I'll shoot our group leader (who looks like James Caan), standing across the room among some other people. There's a woman next to him. I raise the rifle and try to sight. The thing makes a kind of beam that pinpoints exactly where to shoot, and I have to wave it around till I can steady it on the guy's forehead. Not that easy to do and I'm afraid he'll see me. I lower the gun and speak to the first guy again (he's nobody particular except maybe the guy from yoga class - not a boy, dark hair, mustache, stocky), then raise the gun again, try to sight, and the leader isn't there anymore. I'm shocked, have the sudden realization he's seen me, and is standing right next to me, and I lower the gun and there he is. Ook. He takes the gun away, says something to the people in the room, like "did you all see this?", and they say or mumble things like "not me, I was looking the other way", and steadfastly return to their business. I'm aware that this isn't a kosher incident any way you look at it, but I'm only on notice, nobody gets in trouble for these things.