I'm on land, near a large body of water, the ocean I think. We are abandoning the land. Each of us (family), I think dive into the water. A man and I are in a capsule that protects us from the pressure and gives oxygen so we can breathe. The man is from the depths of the water. I am a little afraid, but feel safe with the man. We go many miles to the very depth of this vast ocean. I see the color red and then it would go away. There is a city of structures down there. I note that it's easy to be down there because it's not crowded. My "father" tells me to wear a pretty blue dress. He doesn't really tell me so much as we both agree that I should look pretty and sexy to help the man. I then sit on the man's lap. The man sees my dress and puts his finger where a gap is between buttons near my breast. My "father" says, "Oh, is he spoiling it all?," meaning we had planned that to look sexy and he's sort of looking at it objectively, like it's an error. I watch the man's face and feel comfort and I say, "No, it's all right." Then I see a girl. She has mime make-up on. She comes near us and says, "Well, where's the middle-aged man I'm supposed to recreate the joys of sex with?" The man hears and I'm embarrassed. I tell her to go away. I can handle this myself. I look at the man. I hope he's not offended at our crude way of trying to help him. He is startled and then pleased. I feel he is attracted to me. Suddenly he looks concerned. He looks around. I feel danger. A woman "sister" and several other persons are near by. He says firmly, "Everyone get back into the 'ship' at once. If you don't come at once, you'll be dead." Something has set a device to blow up. The sister turns to pull a switch. It is to be the last little "straightening up" or finishing of her work and then she'll join us, but she gets a look of confusion and terror on her face because now she has to finish a sequence. She can't let go and it will be too late. She smiles weakly and tells us to go on. I don't want to abandon her. I encourage her and the others to drop what they are doing at once. One other does. She can't. She's trapped in this sequence. We get in the ship and back away from danger.