I'm in a swimming pool. Ginny and I are swimming. I stay near the edge. People keep getting in my way. They cling to the edge too and once I had to swim around them. As get to the shallow end, I walk, limping. I notice they have removed all the water from the pool. Also I see a bunch of older people walk by. They are being led to the children's wading pool. One old guy's bare butt shows like he is wearing a hospital gown. The water is all gone because they clean it and return it at half-time. The water starts to come back in. As it does, a cage or screening drops over the pool and we are turned full circles. At the point where I'm upside down, with the water rolling in over me, is very frightening. It's akin to carnival rides. It happens several times. Then it's swim time again. A boy comes to me, holding a soggy pair of ear muffs he has found in the pool. He is deaf. I tell him to take it to the lifeguard. At first I shout, forming my words carefully. Then I try finger spelling. He takes them to his mom, also deaf. She takes them to her husband (a counselor at a conference I met and also a friend of Rachel's, an ex-priest, now married). He is deaf also. I painstakingly finger spell, wishing I had learned sign language because it must be frustrating for him to have to converse so slowly. He holds the ear muffs up to the crowd and tries to speak. He has a voice, but he sounds deaf. Everyone in the pool shuts up and is embarrassed. I intervene and scold them for being insensitive and fearful and ignorant about disabilities. I then can't remember the sign for "B." I ask someone, Ginny or Bonnie. He then signs, "We'll do the alphabet together so we know we're using the same signs." His hand is small and his fingers are also deformed; nonetheless, we both can make the signs. Then a girl in my class leaves the pool. Her boyfriend is harassing her. I follow and intervene. The boyfriend (Rosemary's Cory), is being very obnoxious and verbally threatening. I tell him to leave.