I'm out someplace pretty far from home and I want to get back, but have no car. There aren't any buses out here (at least not on a weekend) and I don't really know what I'm going to do. I'm certainly not going to hitchhike - I'm not sure if anybody I can call could come get me. There's a tour bus here, and people are coming up to it. Eavesdropping a bit, I learn that it's a natural-history sort of affair. It has pretty much only older folks along, but they don't seem to be exclusive, and it doesn't cost much, so I think I'll try to sneak on. I wait for a couple of people to check their places on the list the driver's got, and when I get up to him I'll say I was late registering and didn't get on the list. It works just fine and I get on the bus with the others, we're leaving shortly. The bus is an old yellow schoolbus. Right now I don't know whether or not I'll just disappear when we get there, or offer some excuse why I'm leaving the group (like I phone home and they tell me I'm needed), or maybe I'd even like to stay and see. But I've got to get home. I think I'd prefer to call somebody to come get me because using the buses means waiting a long time, then going downtown to transfer. Or I could walk. A long haul, but maybe I could get to one of my own bus lines. I'm at the entrance to the Faire, or perhaps another, but I want to go there anyway. I'd been planning to go later after going home and changing clothes, but I find myself here anyway. (I'm not sure how - is this where the bus was? Or where the bus stopped? [Or another dream?]) I'm wearing shorts and have a big shoulder-strap bag and a parcel or 2nd bag with me, not heavy but awkward to carry and I have no place to leave it. I'm hesitating, weighing the possibilities of not going in and seeing it now, when I'm already here, and being burdened with these things and not free to enjoy myself. The entrance is a kind of big tunnel, short, call it more like an underpass - you arrive at it from a residential street (nice place too); on somebody's lawn, quite large, one of those rises off the street but not too high. There are people outside, just hanging around talking, and you can see the Faire through the tunnel. I think I've made up my mind to go ahead and take advantage while I'm here but I get halfway in and decide this is not practical and I can wait long enough to go get more comfortable. I'm fighting a fear that it'll go away if I leave now. I can picture myself inside, looking up at a display (like the earring lady's) - everything looks more like a carnival. I'm in a very large room - gym-size - in an institution, perhaps - and there are lots of people (all more or less my age) who, I think, have to do with LT. There are bathroom-stalls set up inside the room in long rows and it may be morning and everybody has bathroom-stuff to do. Lots of movement. I'm looking for a free stall because I have to use the toilet, and I find one at the end of a row. These have 2 doors, one each side. The other door is open, and there's another girl in here. (These are 2-person stalls, you see: they have sinks and mirrors and so forth, too, actually quite nice), and I ask her to shut the other door. Which she does. That's all.