I'm going to go see cousin Terence. He's on the sixth floor. I pass a bed that's outside. It's raining. Willie and Dan bring a bedspread to cover their blankets when it rains. I ask them, "Is the bedspread waterproof so the blankets won't get mildew?" They don't really answer us and I pat it to see. It's raining heavily. It's a blue wool Indian blanket. I go in the house and look for the elevator. There are two. A man falls out of the one on the right. He'd gotten sick in there, so I get into the one on the left. I look for the button for 6th floor. I don't see it. I call out to 2 men and ask them to help me. I say, "Could you do it? My hands are very weak." They look at each other like, "Oh no! A pigeon!" I get nervous. One gets in my elevator and stands to my left. The other gets in the other elevator which is open to mine now. I know they are going to hurt me because I said I'm weak. I see a pile of crutches and canes. I push #6 button and run over and pick up my cane. As they lunge for me, I fight them off with my cane. I escape out of the elevator but it's only for the second floor. It takes courage but I get back on the elevator because it's too much pain/energy to walk up the stairs. The men are gone. I get to the 6th floor. Terence and his bride are off in their bedroom sleeping, on an extended honeymoon. A "hippie" guy comes to the door and asks to speak to Terence. I tell him, "Terence is unavailable because he's on his honeymoon." The guy is quite upset. I call Terence. Terence comes out, walks over to him, and says, "Listen, you little fucker, leave me alone. I don't like you." Other relatives are shocked that he talks this way. I am wearing a bride's dress and veil. I raise my eyebrow and speak in a clear voice. Everyone is impressed with me. They know I'm angry and Terence's going to get in trouble. I walk up to Terence and say, "Would you be kind enough to step into the library for a moment?" He does so. It's like a dad calling his son on the carpet. I put my hands behind my back and pace back and forth and lecture him. "You will never, I said never, call anyone a 'fucker' again. You will be honest and polite." I then role-play with him on how to tell the guy that he doesn't like him and how to ask for him to go away assertively. He listens gravely and practices his role-play.