I'm on a bus, going to the dentist, across an open space. I have with me a yellow air tank that I just bought, and I've pulled the "cap" off of it by accident and it's bounced over to the other side. I'm going to go find it; a couple of men come in, one older, one younger but not very, and they take my seat. I figure I'll go tell them, at least get my tank back and they can stay there, but I'm putting it off for a minute while I (chat with somebody?)...I see the guy, the younger one, nearest the window, lift up the tank - they're talking about who left it there? and so on, and the guy throws it out the window. He thinks it's abandoned and it's in his way. I'm not positive that's what he's done, so I don't immediately jump on him, but I'm looking out the back window to see it. There's too much in the way. I can't see it yet, but then something yellow bounces into view. I'm extremely perturbed but not sure I want to confront this guy. After a few minutes I decide it's worth it, so I go tell him the tank was mine. He's sort of half-sorry (but only half - he's more amused at me). I tell him I paid $12 and something for it and I'd appreciate being reimbursed. He says he will and starts to reach in his pocket. We're getting near my stop, though, and I'm worried I'll miss it because he's taking so long. I've almost decided I'll have to give it up and get off because I have to make my appointment. But the bus stops, anyway, and we're all off now, in a large waiting room that looks like it used to be a high-school gym. We're all scattered around. I guess it's like a stagecoach rest stop or something, the journey's to continue soon. People are milling around, some in groups. I make my way over to the two men and ask for my money again. While I'm doing that, I'm noticing the door on the far side of the room, it goes to a hallway with offices coming off it, and the first one is my dentist's office. I also see a clock and discover that it's only just turned 7.00, the time of my appointment - I've made it, and I can be a couple of minutes late, he's probably not finished with the last patient. The guy still hasn't given me my money, though, and we're walking across the room toward the door, casually. At one place we stop and talk, but I'm very distracted by the exhibition next to me. A pretty girl with dark curly shoulder-length hair is on her back on the floor and she has clothes on, but her skirt is pulled up high enough to see her abdomen and somebody else is over her pushing on something - with her hands - very hard, hard enough to puff. I can't quite see what she's pushing on, though. It's a lot like CPR but not being done on the heart. There's someone else there, too, doing something, I guess, but maybe just watching. I saw them before, but it seemed then like it must be some form of exercise. Now I can see her face better and also pubic hair and by George I think it's some strange form of sex! I guess the others must not be taking any notice of it - nobody's told them to stop. The clock is now at 7.02, and the dentist and his nurse come out to say goodbye to the previous patient. Later, I'm back in my apartment when there's a knock on the door. It's daylight, so I go to the matchstick blinds and look out to see who's there. I'm pretty sure it's the man from the bus, and he's holding a "Meerschaum" pipe up to the window so I can see it. I recognize it and go to let him in - he must have decided he'd buy me a pipe instead of giving me the money. I'd mentioned in conversation that I liked them, but I really don't need one. I think he's a jerk anyway. When I open the door, he asks to come in and I reluctantly let him, but I won't close the door. I push something, a flat box, across the sill with my feet, and mention we have to watch to see the cat doesn't get out.