I'm the captain of a ship and I have a crew, a man and a woman. We are going to display the ship. I find a place to moor it in this huge building. It used to be a stove. There is snow on the sidewalk to the indented place I have the ship. I tell my crew to remove the snow so people can walk there with ease. Then I see there's no water where I have the ship and the space is only 2 or 3 feet deep. I am concerned that the ship won't stay upright, so I order water in. It comes rushing in. Then I order the trailer with a wheel off the bottom of the ship. It goes away. I feel very buoyed up by the water. It's like riding a balloon. I'm then in consultation with 2 of my crew. One has invented a captain's chair that moves through the air at any angle with ease. He's going to demonstrate it and lecture about it. Then I see some cats. I greet them affectionately. They are mine. I had been around when they were born. I then see 3 black and white half-grown cats. I call them to me. I want to get to know them because I had been gone when they were born. We start to make friends but they are shy. A robust older man, who reminds me of the St. Bernard, comes over. He's worked out a captain's chair also. He shows me his plans. He has an ornate set of directions with it, like a crossword puzzle combined with a jigsaw puzzle. He sees the black and white cats and greets them lovingly. He calls them "my darlings." He says, "Have you met them yet?" I say, "I'm in the process of meeting them." I feel a little jealous of his good relationship with them. He is interested in the fact that my crew has also invented a chair. I call my crew member over. He's obstinate, proud, and only partially clothed. He displays the chair like he's a male model, somewhat cold. Then I decide the chair has some "bugs" in the design and needs working on. I then am discussing the use of balloons as condoms. I see lots of people blowing up balloons to put in the vagina. I feel nervous because I can't figure out how that would prevent pregnancy and I've told people that the balloon works. I then realize that the balloon needs to be on the penis. Then I have 2 worries: l.) Balloons are not very sturdy and might break. Real condoms are made for that purpose, and 2.) The opening of a balloon is small and might be painful for the man. A man shows me a how wide the balloon opening stretches so I feel relieved about that. I realize that many people now have the balloons. I sold them to people and I'm worried that I might have given them a bad product. One woman shrugs and says, "Well, we'll know if it works in about 5 months." I feel badly because by then, it would be too late to correct anything.