I'm a wealthy older woman. I run an adoption agency/hospital. Right off my fancy bedroom is a huge hospital ward. People come to me carrying little babies that were just born. I inspect them and decide what's to be done with them. There are lots of people that are always around me. I have a baseball team. They come over for a dinner. One player is very good-looking, young and sexy. He is also very aloof. He can have anyone he wants and he knows it. I guess he's spoiled. I am attracted to him. I watch him. He watches me. I decide to drive him home after dinner. I do so. There is sexual tension and antagonism between us. We verbally tease each other. We get to his place. There are young women there, waiting for him. I realize I'm too old for him and I hesitate. I then decide I want him and decide to risk being rejected or laughed at by him. I walk to my car. He runs after me. I say, "Leave me alone." He grabs my keys. I try to lock the doors. He pulls the locks up. Finally, I look up at him and smile and he gets into the car. I drive him to my place. We go in. A woman is laying in my bed. She's visiting someone, so the guy and I are going to find someplace else. Then a young woman that works for me is there. I watch her. She is given a new born baby to inspect. She looks it over. It looks fine. It's very pretty baby girl. She looks at the chart. She reads off things, then she sees a word, "amphetamines" or "antihistamines." I'm not sure which. She figures, "Uh oh, that's bad but maybe it's not too bad. Maybe the baby can be kept." I walk up and look at the baby and the chart. I point to the word and say, "This baby has a heart condition and can't be kept. The other woman is very sad. As I hold the baby, it starts to turn blue and distorts its body. It is dying of a heart attack. I feel pretty matter-of-fact. The other woman feels very sad. Now I am the visiting women in the bed. I'm trying to sleep and lots of people walk through. I try to ignore them. An older man walks by (he's married to the older woman/me). He looks at me in the bed, waves in a cheerful, friendly manner and says, "Hey, XXX, how's it going?" I think to myself, "Boy, that's pretty tolerant for a husband to be so friendly to a guy in his wife's bed. The husband even called him 'son' and meant that he loved him like a son."