I'm at the house in M City. My father is having guests from India. They come and set up a "circus tent" like awnings on the lawn. I am invited to take my father's place on an elephant hunt. I laugh and say, "Elephants? Here in M City?" The Indian person says, "Oh, yes. There are some." I'm given a light-weight rifle, maybe a .22. This boisterous military-like guy flirts with me and wants me to be on his jeep. I choose not to. I get on another jeep. There is some kind of racial or cultural unrest. The white people are staring at the Indians and are quite sure they are inferior. I feel fine about the Indians and chide the white people and feel embarrassed when the Indians hear it. Now the whole thing turns into a play. I'm on stage doing a comedic dance. The story is that this man and this woman go to the Philippines to get married. On the day of their wedding, they go sunning on the beach and get a terrible sun burn, so when they dance, they move very stiltedly being careful not to touch anything. The audience laughs at our funny dance. At the end of it, we walk "nearly arm-in-arm," only not touching, down the stairs into the audience. I'm wearing a white 2 piece bathing suit. Then I quickly run back stage to change for the marriage scene. I wear a beautiful wedding dress and veil. The joke is that we're still sun burned, so it won't be much fun on the wedding night. There is an elaborate dance scene where the white people in groups would watch a "phillipine" do something (like hold a job, bake a cake, etc.) and cry out in unison the questions, "A phillippine???" I danced around trying to shut them up. One group of women were shocked that a woman "philippine" could do what she did. The next sequence, I'm standing off stage singing an intro for a guy who'll play the piano in the audience. I sing and then someone hits the piano note I should be on. I was down one key. I feel a quick flash of embarrassment but continue. The piano guy really flubs up. He forgets his words, and he's near tears. He then tries valiantly to be cool about it. I coach him from off-stage. He follows my lead. Then he asks me to come sit by him and sing for him. I go there but only sing in a whisper so he can hear the words and then can sing them. He does so. Then I'm playing the part of a villain who wraps up a paper package with a straight pin with a colored round pin head on it stuck in the package. That pin was the fuse for the bomb. When the guy shut the piano top so he could drive his "jeep" around, it would strike the pin and then blow up. I crept about obviously and the audience loved it. The piano guy isn't too happy as he is getting blown up. I realize the play is reaching its finale and I was disappointed that I'd have to take my curtain call in the unflattering guise of a spy and villain instead of the lovely bride.