I'm at an audition. There are lots of people. There are 6 or 7 professional actors/actresses on a list and a lot of "hopefuls." I'm on the list, at the top of the list. They weren't sure of my name so they spelled it Sanders, Saunders, Pepper. I came in and sat down. I am told to rate the performance of the actors/actresses. I see. I do so. One guy, I think his name is Peter (Brook or Brown, wearing glasses like XXX), does an excellent scene. As he finishes, the director says, "You have the part." There is some confusion because a woman had done an excellent scene and they mixed him up with her/or he was her or something. Anyway, he sits down behind me, grinning. I say, "That's very good." He shrugs and says, "Oh. I'm a professional actor. I get paid. I'm just doing this for fun. Maybe it's not fair to other (amateurs)." I then notice that they haven't called my name. The male director is giving instructions to the amateurs, to get into groups, to be in the group for the character you're interested in. I think about calling myself to the director's attention but decide not to. I assume that it's because I walked in on crutches. I get up and look for a group. I start to get into a big group when I hear someone call my name. It's Mabel. She and one other woman are in a group to audition for "Sally." I join them. We walk. Mabel is nervous. Then we have to go back to our original seats until we're called. I'm slightly annoyed because it's a long way to walk. Rachel's in the front row and I'm mid-way back, on opposite sides. I go back and 3 women are in my seat. They are crowded around the professional actor. I am annoyed. Peter and a woman get into a fight, verbally. I think he just tells her to leave, arrogantly. I get very angry at him and tell him off. He laughs and baits me. I'm ready to fist fight him but I don't want to. He's laughing at me, egging me on, looking superior. I'm very angry. He puts his hands over his crotch and dares me to hit it. Then he puts his hands over his nose and dares me to hit it. I see the baiting and I don't fall into the trap. I beat on him. I'm good enough to make the attention of the director. He's interested in me now. I feel strong because I didn't back down, and I didn't have to use my crutches. I was apparently eloquent. The director then starts the auditioning and I sit down. I see it's the "Sally's" turn, so I get up and walk to the front. Mabel is doing her audition. She's speaking softly. A woman assistant director says to another assistant, "Oh, she's so young and pretty and has a good, loud voice that carries. I like her!" Then it's my turn and I stand there with a script book (everyone else has it memorized). She (the woman assistant director) says, "Oh wait, why are you auditioning for this character?" I say, "Well, frankly, I've not read the play. I'm doing a cold reading and I don't know the characters. I just chose a group that looked like me and I knew Mabel. The 2 women assistant directors grimace at each other but tolerate my lack of professional preparedness. I say, "I'll read anything you suggest." They say, "Oh, read 'Art Brown and Brown Licks Cat'." I am delighted when I find the part (on Page 92, the last page), because it's a woman who thinks she's a cat. It will be a fun part to play. I begin. I speak loudly and confidently. I'm good.