I'm in a house. Relatives are there too. We're going to go outside to have a tennis game. It's raining very hard, so we decide to stay indoors. Then I notice that the rain has stopped. I go outside. There are lots of puddles, but I see a cement tennis court surface. I look to my right. I see a mother deer and her fawn, except the mother deer has antlers. I call to the family to see the pretty sight. They bolt, but run into the house through a side door. I follow. The family exclaims at how cute they are. They run back out. I go into the side room. I see old furniture and chairs. I realize that there are things left here from the previous owner. I'm delighted; I'll find something wonderful. I look. I find toys in a dresser, children's sized chairs and a child's piano. I also find Sony tape records, very large and lots of buttons, a small color T.V., and beautiful old fashioned dresses, one all black, and some books. I make the books be there because I am disappointed in the "treasure." I notice this room doesn't have an open door to the main house and I wonder how the family saw the deer and then this baby. My "dad" is telling me about how as a young man, he had to climb down a sheer cliff to a beach with the boys to prove his bravery, like each boy had to. He remembered being very afraid, but he did it. I asked him, "What for? What was at the bottom of the cliff?" He says, "A passive beach." I see turbulent ocean waves and wonder why I can't see a passive beach. Then his cousin Seymour is describing his first date with his new wife Dixie. They are "first cousins" and as children, Seymour ran to the car to greet the family and said to her, "Oh! There you are," and walked away together to play. Now I'm in a small room that is a portion of a long line of rooms like a hall way. I'm retarded. I'm brushing my hair. A young man comes into the room. I sense danger from him. He leaves the room. I know he's locking doors so I can't escape. I think to myself, "What will I do? He's going to want to make love to me. I don't have any birth control. I won't make love to him." I feel proud that I think ahead and make a decision. He comes back into the room. He's mean. The mirror I am looking into turns into a space heater, a cage with 3 heating elements and a door on it. I think he snuck in and put a mouse in there to scare me. It'd be a dead mouse by now, because of all the heat. I look, it was all in my head, a fantasy, there is no mouse there.