Me and MB (one of my cats) in a big fancy dark-colored van - going to some kind of a show. She was in a cage to go there but came out for it - don't know what happened at (like an auditorium?) but we came back to the van. I put her in the driver's side door and went around to the other. Then I fiddled with the door a long time. It was a double swing door, and I hadn't known about this one inside latch about 2/3 up the door - black switch - that latched the side without a handle by itself. I tried several different things to see what it did, then when I got the whole thing shut up it was real dark inside and everything was real awkward. MB went back in her cage and we started off, but I was having some trouble handling the van. We were going along a dirt road on the grounds of the auditorium, joining a line of cars to get to some place like a campground for another event. We weren't gonna stay but I wanted to do something there. We were behind a guy with dark hair and a blonde older woman in a convertible and the guy first looks startled, then nervous, then annoyed at the van. Keeps looking around at us and I wondered what I was doing wrong. I figured I was driving the van backwards at first and looked out for a place I could turn around, but then I realized I wasn't backward, but I was on the passenger side driving with an auxiliary steering wheel. Would've been difficult to change but I figured I was managing all right anyway, so I went on. When we were entering the campground, something happened to the guy in front of us. He's now in a hole in the middle of the road, like up to his shoulders, and he's bitching at a rabbit, who's come up to look at him. He has to duck down for cars to go over the road, rabbit runs off, we go to a place where the road circles around at its end and people have parked. Bit of a hill it's on. Concrete or stone toilet-building like they have in parks. I swing the van around this tight little circle looking for an empty space and there really isn't one, but the swinging around is something of a challenge and apparently it made an impression because some people clapped. I did stop the van in a place that I figured I couldn't leave it but I just wanted to ask somebody the price of cattle. Somebody told me $31 a head and I wanted to explain that I meant a sort of middle-range rather than the best, or real cheap.