A young woman (in house) announces her engagement. I am amused at her because she's carrying a scrap book for people to sign while she's telling people she won't accept the engagement. I point out her double message. She's so into her game she can't hear me. Then there is a class. Only 3 of us meet, she, her young man, and me. After each class period, I go stand in a corner to pee. I lift up the back of my skirt so no one sees anything (blue skirt from another state). The young man comes over to talk to me while I do this. I feel a little embarrassed but I'm pretty cool about it. I look at him and think, "What a good-looking man. What a shame he's such an idiot." I feel sad and a little jealous of the young woman. Now we are inside my green pickup truck (from another state). I see a little mouse peeking in. He's sitting on the outside mirror. I tell the young woman to let him in. He's been lost for awhile. As she opens the back door to go get him, I realize that it's actually a monkey and it's inside, so I tell her to hurry back in before she sneaks out. I coax him over to me. He sits on my lap. As I pet him, I realize that he's changed. He's half man, half monkey. A lot of his fur is gone and a soft human skin is there. Some magician did that. I pet him. It feels very sensual and nice. He watches me a lot. Then the young woman follows her young man into another room and hits him with a rolling pin! She is angry and yells at him and hits him. She's really chewing him out! He looks contrite and also grins like a mischievous imp. I walk in there, after putting the monkey aside. She's behind a partition and hands me a rolling pin to do the same to my young man. He comes in and I hit him a couple of times and in an angry tone of voice tell him not to play games with me. He laughs and says, "I'll leave and never come back." I have my back to him. I'm looking out the window and I feel very strong. I say, "Go right ahead. I won't come after you. I'm not going to play games." He's wavering now and stops teasing me. He walks up behind me to talk to me about it.