I have 3 written messages for Tony W, Arvonne, and Maggie. They come to get them but I can't find them on the littered, unorganized surface of my desk. I finally find them and hand them out. Each note has instructions for them to do. Now it is time for me to go with Arvonne to the movies. She sells tickets and I think, "Maybe I'll do that." She gets there before me. I'm late because I couldn't find something. When I get to the door of the theatre, I think, "Oh well, she has the key. I could yell or honk my horn to get her attention but maybe I'll just forget it." Then someone lets me in. I need to find the tickets. I start digging around in my purse. It's a mess and I can't find anything. There is a sense of people waiting impatiently. I reorganize everything in my purse. It takes time but I feel better when it's done. Then the owner of the theatre, "Tom," comes up and says, "Well, where's your down payment?" I am surprised. I say, "What? I have to pay to get the tickets that I sell?" I realize I have no money. I say, "No one told me I had to have a down payment!" He smiles and waits. I then think, "Well, if it's going to cost me to get into ticket selling, then I'd better shape up and see this as an official job and do a good job." I get the tickets. It takes me a long time to get ready. I feel like I'm wasting valuable selling time. Then, I'm selling and making change. I start to put some $10 bills up my sleeve in a professional thief manner. I stop mid-movement, surprised that I'm doing it and think, "Why not? I need the money but I'm aware of "Tom" watching me. I'm worried about getting caught, so I don't do it but enviously watch all the money as it passes through my hands. I then start to put blue eye shadow on my right eye. It becomes darker than I had thought it would be. I start the second one, only I draw the shape of an eyelid on my left upper arm sleeve. It turns purple and I am surprised. "Tom" comes by and smiles and says, "Oh, that's cute." I change the purple to blue to match the other.