I'm in an apartment with some LT people - we've been together for a while, been somewhere and come back. This place has a lot of people in it (not this apartment, the whole building) and there's a lot of activity going on outside. It's maybe dusk. There's some sort of commotion outside. I'm near the front door anyway, trying out a key (yet another old key I've been handed - it's got 3 fronts to it, they're all scratched up and bent backwards but I couldn't see that at first). As I look at it I can see it won't work, and I see how soft the metal is and it breaks off and so I do that some more for fun. I'm talking to 2 guys at the same time. The noise outside sort of erupts, I think, and we go look. MB is here, too, and as we look over the wall of the outside walkway (we're upstairs) there's other people ding around. It reminds me of a movie scene of a Mongol camp or something - I might've seen cookfires and tent-tops if I'd looked around. Down below, there's a couple of cops all dressed in motorcycle gear with helmets and goggles, apprehending a couple of bad guys. One of the cops hits a bad guy just because he didn't like the way he looked, I guess, or he said something the cop didn't like. Anyway it was unwarranted. He had the guy by the collar and swung his arm way up and around and hit him in the face. I was appalled. I think he would have beaten up the guy if there hadn't been witnesses. I was feeling very disturbed, and thought I hadn't ever actually seen anything violent happen before. [Though that's not true.] While we're there, MB gets up on the wall rather clumsily, and I'm afraid she'll fall, which she does. I get rather upset at this, even though I know it's unlikely she'll get hurt, because there's so many people and things below. I call out to them to help her out. However, when I look over, I see there's some kind of awning not far down and she's on that, starting to climb back up. It's a struggle but she does it. Oh good. I'm relieved. We all go back in after the cops get ready to take the bad guys away. Inside is, I think, really Sue S.'s apartment, and she likes having company, she likes having movement and people doing things. We come here after a Training, for instance, to do LT tasks/activities and be together. It varies, how many of us, and we come in and go out at intervals. I'm talking to a couple of people, one of whom is a pregnant blonde girl, who got that way because she's going with a guy that I'm in love with, which is rather frustrating for me. It certainly reinforces my self-consciousness. I'm feeling anxious, deprived, small, weak, pitiful. I go down the hall to Sue's room for some reason, can't remember what, but I don't want anybody to see me obviously poking around. I also want to spit, the way I do when I cough something up, and don't want anyone to see that. Someone (large, female, like Sabina) looks in at the door and says something, though, and I have to hold it. Starts to go away, I start to spit, she Dads back, etc. I give up.