I am Queen Mary. I have a woman secretary. I have a dream. The dream has a small image. It says, "Mary dances 28 times and draws a picture of a lounge area, a chair, 4 chairs around a table, with a napkin holder in the center, and a padded bar." I tell my dream to my secretary. She tells me about a person she knows who would like to take me out for a cup of coffee. As she is talking, I see a man in a green suit peeking around the corner. He then moves to sit near her. He says, "I hope you don't mind but I'm the one who would like to take you out for a cup of coffee." I smile at his naivete. I say, "My dear boy, where do you suppose the Queen of England could go for a casual cup of coffee? I would have to have at least 10 persons within visual contact of my body." He says, "Oh, I didn't think of that." I chuckle softly. He goes away. I then continue to work through the dream. I see a small printed box. I read the words. They are clear details from the dream. I read them to my secretary. "Frank G. Sinatra, Cary Grant," and a long list of other names. "Oh! Ingrid Bergman is listed as with Cary Grant." The secretary and I are very impressed with the clarity of the dream stuff. Then suddenly, I get an inspiration. I say, "Don't you see? Frank Sinatra, to the lounge, to your nephew wanting to take me out for coffee, to the sense of a James Bond movie I woke up feeling! It all fits." The secretary becomes upset. "Oh! My nephew," she says. "Does that mean you suspect him?" I nod yes and I suddenly realize that it goes one step further and links up with the secretary. She then realizes it and we look at each other, concerned, confused, and embarrassed. (Oh, I remember that when I read the list of stars and who was with them, me secretary said, "But how could you know that?" I said, "I didn't, not on a conscious level, but I must have heard it or read it sometime, everything goes into the unconscious and comes back up when it's needed." I felt very impressed at the workings of the unconscious mind).