I am a young man. I am going down in the basement with my girlfriend. Her mother disapproves and frowns at me. She is sure that we'll have sex and play around. She can't stop me though. I smile at her stupid narrow-mindedness. We go down a long flight of stairs. I see lots of packages of Big Red gum. I take a piece and say, "Oh, now that is Big Red." We enter the family room that is the model of preparedness for company, a T.V. in every corner, snacks, etc. We go further down. We are alone. The man leaves. I feel like he'll never come back. He/I do. I'm sliding downstairs on my tummy and I get sucked into a narrow channel and I feel like I'm choking. I'm surrounded by a suspicious girl's vomit. I pull up out of it. My girlfriend is very glad to see me and angry at me for leaving and afraid to show her emotions to me. I think, "Silly girl." I pull her outside. I've got one arm around her in a hug. I show her several presents. One is a small box that has the engagement and wedding rings in it. She ferrets it out and is deliriously happy. I am the girl and I feel so relieved and happy. He does love me. I'm safe. Then there is danger. A man in costume is evil and accidently randomly seems to be killing me. I yell at him to stop it. I explain to him how he's hurting me. I beg with him. He just keeps coming. Finally, I have to hit him with a stick. I go for the face and then the groin area. There are no genitals, just a mushy round spot. That makes him back off. He allows me to escape. He's laughing. I run up the stairs and feel fear that he's pursuing. I get to the top and out the door. I see crowds of Mexican people and I realize that I'm in Mexico without papers. They'll catch me and put me in jail. I'm glad of that but I'm more afraid an evil one will pursue me. I look for a security guard. I find one. As I walk up to his table, I see an ornate wooden bowl. He wears a ceremonial mask. I explain my story. He nods and says, "Go and sleep until morning. The Divine Grace will see you then." I am worried and I say, "No, you don't understand. I'm in danger." He nods and smiles paternally. He says, "Even as you say the words, The Divine Grace hears and acts on them. Go until morning." I realize this is so and I go, relieved.