I'm driving through Dover. There is lots of traffic. I'm looking for 5-D which is the freeway. I see an enormous blue house with many stories and lots of windows. There are jewelry displays in every window. I stop and look. I go inside. I don't see any I really want. A woman asks if there's anything I particularly want. I say, "No." A cute little cocker spaniel puppy comes frisking up to me. I think it's adorable. I pick it up and pet it and cuddle it and put it up on my left shoulder like I did Muffin Cat. I think, "I'll take him home with me." I walk out with him on my shoulder. As I get to the edge of the lawn I think, "Wait! This means I'll have to take care of him. He'll wet on my carpet. I can't just leave him for a few days, no, I don't want that responsibility." I put him down. He's so cute and hard to leave but I do. I notice his nose looks like a cat's. I go to grandma Mildred &amp; grandpa Lloyd's "new" house and I go inside. I'm now in the bedroom and my mother's in one bed, and my father's in another. I crawl in bed with my mother. She's angry and kicks me out. I land with a thud on the floor. I'm surprised. I crawl back in and she kicks me out again. I get angry. I yell at her. I tell her off. "To hell with you! I don't need this! I can't stand people that are all locked in and can't show their emotions!" She glares at me and says, "I know. Me too. I've long not liked that in you." I gasp and say, "Well, where do you think I learned it from? You!" She's hurt. I feel guilty. I keep on yelling though. My father comes in and tells me not to yell at my mother. I feel hurt and angry. I say, "I'll leave!" Then I look out the bedroom window and I see a pretty lake. My grandparents have a small wooden deck right on it. I see their tea cups out there. I think, "How like Elliot to always have a place near water. I envy them and that spot. It's quiet and meditative. I go looking for Dwight. I find him and say, "I've been kicked out and I'm leaving! Do you want to ride back with me or not? It doesn't matter either way." He says, "Well, when are you leaving?" I say, "Right away. Maybe I'll wait l/2 an hour." He grimaces and says, "Oh, I thought I'd stay for a day or two and just see the sights here in Dover." I feel compelled to get back to E City, because that was my original plan. I realize that I have no real need to be back, and I think of how much fun it would be to relax for awhile, but I'm still pulled toward E City. I waver.