A frightening dream. I went to a party. Everyone is drinking, laughing, and frenetic. I hesitate to join them. They swirl around me, encouraging me to join them. Darryl sits across from me. He teases me and says something about a girl he used to know. I feel the same old distance from him (placed by him). I call him Howard and feel embarrassed. A lot of people disappear. The party seems to have moved on down the street, maybe to Aunt Elaine's house. I belatedly want to join them now. I drink some wine. I feel slightly high. Instead, I end up in my living room. An Uncle and a cousin are there. I greet them. I laugh at my cousin because he carries a rifle on his shoulder everywhere he goes. I say, "How silly, you are getting carried away." A man then appears at the door. He's smiling gently and wants me to join the party. I feel a desire and a fear to go. There is some danger to me if I go. I clutch my cousin and say, "Look at my hand. See the bullet wounds?" He looks. He says, "There is poison here, you've been poisoned." The man beckons me to come to the party. I realize then that they've gotten their poison into me, but not quite enough. I still can resist. I say, "I don't want to be a part of your project." It is hard for me to say because the drug makes me want to go. I say it several times and he just stands there waiting for me, because he knows the drug is powerful. I'll be sucked into another being like in the invasion of the body snatchers. I run to my "dad" and plead with him, telling him I don't want to, and to please help! I'm trying to but I'm growing weaker. "Please help me!" He doesn't respond to me other than to weakly smile at me to acknowledge that he has heard me. I grab my cousin, who before I had seen as weak and silly and cling to him, hugging him hard, hanging on like he was my anchor to that room. Then a fat lady, mostly naked is dancing at a party. Her husband picks her up off the floor and makes love to her. He is detached, fully clothed, and his back is to me. She is fully exposed. I see her vagina. I see her face clearly. A prim blonde woman sits rigidly beside them. I am shocked. This is on T.V. After he's done, the man sticks a fat piece of paper in the blonde woman's mouth. She is disgusted. It's a symbol of a large penis. Her red lipstick forms an "o" around it. Then I am upstairs in my bedroom. I wake up from a nightmare. I run downstairs, crying, "The little men are inside my stomach!" I'm crying. My Uncle or grandfather soothes me. He says, "No, it isn't possible. I've been barricading the stairs for you all night." I am not comforted. I go back upstairs. I sit on the bed and hug my nanny. She is an old square robot, and not very sophisticated. I ask it, "Why aren't there any nice men for me?" It says, "Look, there are," and shows me two of them (on a screen on its chest). I say, "But if I take them, what will be left for my brother!" Nanny laughs and shows me many women for Dwight. I am still worried. Then I'm at a dance, watching the musicians. One can't find his banjo. Then he finds it and sees that something has eroded the outside. I realize that what ever "they" touch, corrodes like that and that "they" are there. I turn and the man is standing there, smiling. He says, "It's so close. We almost had you." I try to resist.