The telephone repair men are walking in the front door. They are annoyed. I am in the kitchen with Judy S. and another woman, cooking hamburgers and franks. Hector and Preston are in the living room. We are having a quarrel. The telephone repair man interrupts our quarrel and asks if I can find a piece of wood for him. I say, "I'll look in the car." I go outside. There are many repair men out there, dressed in blue, holding blue wires. I go to the car, a blue station wagon. Blue sexy dresses (lacy, soft night gowns), are hung on the back of the car. I look. There's no wood. I gather up the nighties to take in before anyone steals them. A girl with me has tried to steal the sexiest, most feminine one. I ask for it and she returns it. Then I say, "The wood is probably in my workshop." I walk around the right of the house to the back. There is a steep set of stairs to the basement, a large old house, like a mansion. I have recently inherited it from my grandmother Agnes. As I step on the stairs to go down, I am suddenly afraid of falling. I hang on tightly to the rails and look carefully at where I put my feet. I see a set of Britannica Encyclopedias on a shelf to the left. I then go down the stairs. I see 4 or 5 grand pianos and organs like in a music store. I turn right and go into the workshop. There are many drawers full of forgotten riches and junk. I think, "I must go through all of this stuff. Some of it will be useful and enjoyable." I start opening drawers, and I find dishes, silverware, repetitions of items and paintbrushes. I find one that is the correct size of wood handle for the repair man and he goes away. Now Ginny and I are looking around. I find my old piano lesson books, color coded. I put them into a correct order. Then I find a record of my lessons on the piano. The date is 1956. I figured I was 12 years old. I am interested in looking through the book. I see lines of color. Clear color means O.K. Red means a mistake is corrected. I see only a few reds. There are lots of light greens and dark greens in the left hand position. I try to find out what that color means.