I was at home, except I didn't live there, and it was extremely different. Out the back there was a huge tower (where the big shed is supposed to be). The house was huge and really high. I was in the pool room and Eli (Children of the Corn 3) and I were trying to get the ceiling to fall to kill the people in there. It did, but the people playing pool lived without injuries. We jumped down into this big pool thing. We went up to the top of the tower, and were talking about how to kill everyone. Some girls were in the room next to us, so Eli sent the floor up and it killed one of them. Eli went to kill some more people and I went up to the tower. When I went back down I went to put my shoes on and someone was asking me why I wasn't with Eli. Eli then walked past with a bag and went to the tower. I went to go up but he had blocked the stairs with a small bomb. I ran out and he came out after me, throwing them everywhere, some people were dead, but everyone else was inside. We ran to the front of the house. The house was burning and Eli and I were holding hands. We then went to a big fancy house, that had this little room that was open with a small TV on inside. We watched it until we saw someone in the bushes, so we ran out the other door, but there were lots more people. Some lady shot us with these magnet things that slow down your heart rate and makes you pass out. Eli's heart wasn't slowing, and he was breathing normally. I couldn't breathe properly and the lady was saying, about Eli, that it wasn't normal/human. I grabbed Eli's hand which gave me a boost. They took us to this lab where we passed out for about 5 seconds. It gave us a boost. We were throwing sharp things at them. I killed 6 people. I got some pins and was sticking them into people's hearts. I said to someone "I wanna be your friend, do you like this friendship badge?" and then as I was shoving it into them I said "How do you like this?!" There were screw things in some people's heads. I saw Dad (and he was being all zombie like) and we didn't hurt him. We smashed some motherboard.