I am a mother of 2 children. One of them has a badly withered leg like Dana. Some woman is doing clothes. She pauses and then stops and gets her beautiful velvet bible and goes out on the porch to read her bible. I call my son over. I start tap dancing and call my daughter over. I encourage her to hold our hands so we can circle dance. At first, he laughs embarrassedly but he's pleased. I keep him practicing and working on it. After a time, his leg looks different, stronger. He still has a limp but almost walks normally! I am so happy and impressed. I go to the woman on the porch. We are all amazed and I look at the bible in wonder. He walks out to where the guys are playing baseball. They let him play, out of pity. Then he hits one. It's a fly and the guy at first base catches it, but he has run so quickly that no one notices he is out. They are so shocked that he can run. Then he does 2 runs legally. As long as he hits the ball far out so he has more time, he is successful. One person says, "See, he's still not good enough." He says, "Well, I'll learn to be an excellent hitter. I can hit anything." The coach comes out (like Chuck), and says, "I'll send you my slow curvy pitch and see." Then a woman says, "No let me." She's a very good pitcher. I am watching on the side lines through plastic windows that cloud up or distort the picture. Then I find a place to see clearly. She's dressed in an evening gown and is going to throw 2 champagne glasses. He backs up, scared. She struts around, arrogantly, flaunting her strength and cunningness. Then he comes out, big and dressed up in a tux carrying an image of his little self on his back to show how powerful he is! Then many images come out, wave after wave, and drive the woman out of the ball park. A woman says to me, "Now, that's macho!" I said, "Ya! So true. She stood up to him tall and true and showed her strength. It scared him, so he had to run her out! He's not that carting. His image created by fear is just visually big." He comes back in and says, "She's gone."