I live in a big ritzy hotel in a city. My family and a lot of other people I know live here too. I'm leaving soon for somewhere else and I'm packing, gathering things up, and seeing people. I'm in my parents' place, doing something in the kitchen (it's an apartment setup, with a tiny kitchen separated from the living room by a counter), like mixing up cat food. I transfer something to another container - I don't like the taste of it but I don't have a lot of time, so I'll take it along and deal with it later. I go outside with my father and some other people to put things in the car. There's some reason why this doesn't work out - maybe I've forgotten the keys, or the car's not here. I see several more friends, however, including Don, who comes along back inside with me. Inside there's a lot of different places to go, like any big hotel, and I choose an elevator bank to go upstairs. As we leave the elevator, rounding a corner, we nearly run into Cindy, who's stopped because she's dropping things. (There's a lot of people, bumping elbows.) Before I fall over from running into her, Don puts an arm around my waist and steadies me. I see Cynthia's dropped her watch (a standard-size, round dial, yellow band, design on it) and I exclaim, "Oh, Cindy, you've dropped your watch - I'll get it" or something to that effect. So I stoop for it, but it gets kicked away once or twice. Seems very odd to me, as though all sorts of things are being thwarted for no reason. Anyway, we leave her and go on down the hall, which doesn't look right to me. I realize I've taken the 2nd elevator bank again, rather than the 3rd, to get to my place. I exclaim as much, again, frustrated. Don says, "Oh, well, you'll get there, all you have to do is cut through there", which is a big open office behind double glass doors. Regular office workers, men in shirtsleeves, wearing ties. I go on through and find the hotel store on the other side. I'm surprised, having forgotten how big a store it was. It's kind of dark, has eclectic things like old-timey decor and a few arcade games. Other side of the store is a restaurant. The operation doesn't have walls. I think briefly that I've never been here, but now that I see it I realize I have too, it's just that I haven't been here in a long time. I thread my way through the little round tables to the open hallway and the next elevator bank. There's a waiter here who asks if he can help me. I'm briefly embarrassed because I'm having a little trouble finding my way through the tables. [By the way, Don went on back to his place down the hall where the office was.] I go on to my place. On the way, I'm aware of something that's mine, that's elsewhere in the building, I'll have to get it.