Mom kept calling Will Smith, and his 'servant' answered the phone and Mom said she was a friend of his. Mom rang back again and Will answered and then hung up saying "Stop calling me!". Anyway something happened and Will was over here and I knew him and we found all these different coloured tablets -- ones that would make you want to increase population, watch comedy, get stressed, calm down, get nervous etc. He chose the dark blue one -- to increase the population. He turned into a girl, who decided to be my best friend. We went to a cinema and I found that I could create more rows of seats with people from different times. I made one that would have Michael Palin in it and then I went down and sat next to him. I said hi and he seemed shy or nervous or something. I asked him what the date was and I don't know what he said and I asked the year, and he said 1963. I thought, 'Ok, he's 20'. I started chatting to him and he got up and then motioned for me to follow. He went to a place where they had DVD's. He found A Fish Called Wanda and he was going to get it for me, bit I didn't want to tell him that I had it, so I told him about a special one that I'd seen only at a video shop and it would be cheaper, and we went back to the cinema. We sat in the front row next to each other. He started kissing me, and I was giggling. He was kissing me like when parents kiss their babies, all over their face. My old pal, Will, was getting angry except it wasn't actually Will anymore, but I'm not sure what happened, but the Will thing got angry and we had to go somewhere. I got in this Ute thing and Eric Idle got in the other side to drive. Graham Chapman hopped on a motorbike as did Terry Jones or John Cleese. Not sure which one. Michael and Terry/Darren got in a car. I waved to Graham, maybe mistaking him for Michael. Ezra was in an ice-cream truck thing. We got to a place where they were building a building. I ended up really high, hanging from a rope. I was about to let myself go, when people came around the corner and tied rope to my foot and I went back and I was ok. I caught up with my friends and there was a game where you pick which presents to give to which animal thing.