The place I am is either the library or a school or both - I both work here and am taking a "class" here (I think). I'm supposed to turn in a report of some kind, but I haven't done the work yet - I haven't had time. I need a piece of information, about how long was the average hospital stay of wounded soldiers in WWI (or is it II?), and I haven't found it yet. I'm in a room where I'm meant to be working, and not looking at books, but - as you know - if I see one I want to flip through it, see what it is. The book I've been looking at is open on the table - it's rather kid-oriented, lots of pictures and broken-up page formats, I look over the pages but I still don't see what I want. There's a lot of other books on this table, most of them old, looking like rebinds, I think they're all kid's books. I'm looking at the titles and find one that strikes me fancy, so I set it aside to look at later. [I'm not sure if it's that book or another, but I am looking at one more closely - it has to do with how to live with your family, in various situations - humorous style, like so many kid's books are in order to help get the point across.] I'm a bit frustrated, knowing I don't have time to get everything done and I'd rather just read for enjoyment. I realize I'll just have to be late with the report, it won't get done in time. Oh, I guess I could do the rest of the report without that information, but I want to get it all in having once thought of it. The old doubts creep in - am I indulging myself in perfectionism, or whatever it is? Do I have to do it thoroughly or not at all? Is it not all right not to do well? Or is this information really necessary and if I just applied myself wouldn't I get it right? Have I been lazy? Nuts. Anyway something different distracts me. Lisa's kite has gotten repaired and we're going to fly it. It's a standard kite-shape and blue - don't know what was wrong with it, but it was taken away for repair before we ever got it up and now this is a big event. I'm turning around and seeing that there are other people here, a fair number. We've gone into another room. This school is built like a stone park pavilion. It's a long open place with walls in between rooms but a walkway all along one (or both?) side(s). This, one end, is a kind of theater-room. It has a puppet stage and a couple of openings underneath it that lead backstage, they're curtained, one red, one blue, plain cotton, and an adult could get through them by getting on hands and knees. The people with me, it seems like they've come to observe or inspect something - we're facing the stage-end of the room. Without stage-sets or anything, you can see through to the outside. The rest of the room is empty except maybe for some props. There's a woman here, who looks something like Eleanor Parker - business suit, aloof, short hair, slightly disapproving, a taskmaster. There are a few people behind the stage. So the business of the kite comes up. People are gathering to see it go, and I'm wondering where Lisa is. Won't she want to be here? I see Becky come up, didn't she get Lisa someone to relieve her? Becky's looking very ritzy herself - hair in a classy knot on the back of her head. I go down the passage to see if I see Lisa - she's at the other end. For some reason I don't want Becky to know what I'm doing so I keep an eye out, and just casually step inside the room sideways rather than walking straight in. There's a lot of people in here - they seem to be at long benches crosswise in the room - I think they're all adults - it's not a class, exactly, but more organized than a library. Lisa is up at the front, helping people (pretty much as she does as a librarian), and I wave to her, mouthing the word "kite" and pointing. She sees and gestures a response - I guess she'll be coming when she can. I go back down to where we'll be flying the kite. There's a nice lot of people gathered, we're staying back under the roof of the building mostly, and looking out to where they've got the kite. It's a bare place with some "dunes", little hills, tufts of grass on. There's maybe 3 or 4 guys out there with the kite, very gung-ho. I notice Becky has her hair down now, I go back to an opening in a wall sort-of-place, where there's a bit of fence closing off the pavilion opening, and there's some bushes and other plants. I duck under and go up to the fence. There's another couple of people there, friends - one of them is a good-looking young man who's somebody's husband, and one of those people I privately daydream about. He's perched on a ledge and I go past him to my own position. Lisa still hasn't made it yet, but they seem to be determined to carry on anyway. The sky is clouding over, fast - it's getting darker by the minute and frankly even if it doesn't rain we won't even be able to see the kite if it gets up. But they're going on anyway. They start to run with it and bustle around, but can't get it up. Then I see a light, hear a click, don't know what it is at first - then I see what's happening. Since there isn't enough wind they're lighting a lighter underneath the kite to try to make hot air to lift it. This is stupid, of course, but I can't see any way of stopping them. What I'm afraid of is they'll set fire to the kite. I remark as much to my friends. They don't stop, of course, and the sky gets blacker and stormier and they disappear behind a dune on the left and there's a "pfft" sound that I recognize. It's the kite going up, of course, and that's all she wrote. There won't be anything left to save - that kind of flimsy paper just goes all at once. What a drag after all that work. Damn. And Lisa still isn't here, doesn't have any idea what happened. Blah. So we all start away from where we're watching, and wander on back to wherever.