I'm going down a road. Darryl comes up to me. I'm glad to see him. We reminisce. There is some constraint. We don't touch but remember back to when we did. I see photos to the right, pictures of Darryl and I when we were happy. Then, we spontaneously hug and laugh. We start dancing to the American Bandstand theme song. The music is clear, bouncy, and accurate. He holds me firmly and strongly. We are dancing well together. I feel very happy. Then I'm in a race, wearing shorts and a t-shirt and a number, like a racer should. This other woman (who is much like me), and I are neck and neck racing down a stair well. I struggle hard to keep ahead of her. We are well matched. I leap over the banister and get one step ahead of her. She then sticks a leg out ahead of me and gets one step ahead, etc. Finally, I get ahead and she knows she can't keep up. She stops racing. Without slowing my pace, I well over my shoulder, "Don't give up!" She shrugs her shoulders and says, "How can I keep up? I've only had a high school education. You've had much more." I yell back, "Education isn't everything. Keep trying." Then I race on, feeling strong and good. I like running at my top speed and form. Then I see this red headed man. He's my friend. At first I think it is Darryl. He hugs me. It is such a good, supportive, affectionate feeling I get from him. We kiss and laugh, just enjoying being with each other. Now I'm directing traffic as other racers come by. I point to the right and say, "Handicapped to the right, straights this way." I repeat that several times. Then as a joke I say, "Straights this way, gays to the right," and laugh. Then, I skip over to my friend and look at a chart. It outlines the 5 courses and tells which ones are easy or hard. Course A is for music majors and is only 5 miles long. The rest of them are 10 miles long and "B" course is the toughest. I am a music major. I decide to take B course anyway, it being the most challenging. The man says, "I think you ought to try B." I agree and feel good. He is supportive, caring, and challenging me to try for my full potential. I know he'll be behind me and be supportive. I am feeling strong, radiantly healthy, and happy. I begin the race. I see a door marked "B course" and open it. I see a very tough obstacle course, a swimming pool and bleachers to run up and down. The crowd on my left gasps, "It's a girl!" I see a line of women running the course. Right after them comes a line of men. I race right after the men and I am keeping up and indeed pass some on the bleachers as we run up and down. I feel powerful and confident.