I'm visiting my "grandmother's" house with MB (I think it's her) and I've been out. I come back to find my "brother" and his family (wife and small son) have also come for a visit, and he's still up. I come in the front hallway; the refrigerator is standing in it, disconnected. I can see, actually, that there's more than one about; it's as if someone had been trying to find one that works - they're all pretty old, and the one that is connected (in the other room now) is real small, black, sits on 4 legs and looks like an ice chest. Out in the hall there's also a styrofoam cooler with some of the food in it, including the cat food. I come in hoping my grandmother won't get up, but she does - she's anxious to blame the refrigerator situation on me and anybody else who's handy. My brother doesn't seem to be doing anything but taking up space - he's got a book, or something else, he's absorbed in. I go to my room to get MB and bring her out to feed her. I have to watch carefully to see she doesn't get into things/places she's not supposed to, including my grandmother's bedroom. She's very inquisitive and easily distracted. Later (daytime now) I go out with some friends. I'm not at all sure what we were doing, but where we are is right next to a large group of people, having a fighter practice/revel in an empty lot on a little business street with one-story brick buildings. They're across the street from us, on a corner. I'm talking to a girl next to me about them - she suggests I go on over there, since I'm so interested. I am interested, in that they are having a very good time, but carousing like crazy. Of course I think they don't look very medieval, but then I wonder what a real medieval carouse would have been like. Hmm. I say I don't have anything to wear and she says there's something here, I can use that. Where we are reminds me of a beach house, or some such thing - we're in a front part, something that corresponds to a porch, then there's a hall with a recess, then another room, then outside and sunlight. I think it belongs to a guy - he's in the back. I try pulling something off to try this garment on. (I think the guy sitting next to us is going, too.) Can't get very far with it without taking more off, so I go down the hall to that recess. Through a door is a small space where I can take my dress off, but the door doesn't lock. I'm a bit worried about somebody coming through and once somebody does, but I turn away holding my top up. There's a television in here, I guess - this guy remarks on the show that's on - it's a new sitcom called "Beach Party", starring Adrian Zmed, about the usual sort of funny-youth-romance sorts of thing. The subject of this show is that one of his friends can't work up the nerve to ask this girl out. I'm aware of the show and that it's only been on a short while and already been cancelled. I remark to the guy that I've never seen it at all and I wonder how come they didn't show it there.