I'm in the Circulation office at work, sort of "borrowed" because they need help and I can spare the time, also as a trial to see if I want to go back to work here. It's not like it really is - it's an old, wood place with wood furniture, mostly dark and used-looking, maybe some painted, kind of like an office would have been in the 30's or 40's, but the computers are here and it's very busy. There's a lot of people here, a lot of them quite young, and I get the impression it's like a school or a family, and the older "kids" bring up the younger ones. I seem to be looked up to here. Alma really wants me to come back, because she needs my experience and talents. I'm feeling happy, needed, enthusiastic, optimistic; I like it here and it seems like I've come back home. At one point I'm sitting at a table with some other people and Mildre comes by. She's reporting the results of my evaluation or something, it had been some kind of joint effort of all the administrators. They'd all had a turn talking to me, then gave me a grade. Mildred says that I'd done very well overall, everybody gave me very nice grades except that she's given me a C- because of the way my attitude changed when we started to talk about [evaluations?] I'd become sullen and [?], she says. But it wasn't enough to pull the whole average down, so I passed anyway. I resent this a little, but then I resent this whole examination process - as though all these people are such big shots they get to pass judgment on little insignificant me. But Mildred and I are friends and I know she's just doing her job the best she knows how. Later I'm out in a car looking for a friend of mine - don't know her name but she's blonde. I finally find her in a spot, more like it used to be (this neighborhood is old, too). I pull the car into the little driveway and get out to talk to her. We've got someplace to get to right away and it's taken me a while to find her. She agrees to come with me, and I start off on foot around the corner on the sidewalk. The little street is just a sort of tiny neighborhood shopping corner, has some awnings - it's closer-in than Cedar Springs. I've gone a little way down the street and I see she's not with me, so I turn back. When I step around the corner, I'm face-to-face with an enormous black bull, fighting mad. I'm stunned and stand very still for a second, then back up slowly. As I get around the corner again, there's people around, and I start to warn them. Then the bull comes around the corner too, but slowly, and another, smaller, one comes with it. Everybody, including me, starts to run down the street. I crash into things but get up and keep running. I don't know what's happened to my friend. It looks as if she's hiding out and never meant to come with me at all - maybe she sent the bulls.