Dad sold his work to me and Valerie. It had three floors. We lived on the third one and the bottle shop was on the second one. We had moved it to the first floor, but then back to the second. Farrah had her own room (hotel like) and was excited that she was living on her own. I was going out with James Spader, but he was 19 or something. One night we ran across this oval. I had some mark of a bottle shop. There was a group of girls and they saw it and were like "Ooh! What shop do you come from?". I said "Northtown Tavern" and they were excited. Then they followed us around. We were at this shop, which had a bottle shop in it called the Hoodoo Guru's and there was a song playing. I was playing this game somewhere, where you get three minutes and you have to run around a [pitch black] randomly generated maze and avoid getting caught by the 'tagger'. James and I went in and held hands so we didn't get separated. We won. Later, it was my birthday and James and his friend sent a card. James gave me $49 and his friend gave me $50. James was kind of poor. Anyway, I went to his work. Dad came there and he asked us what we did (as a couple). We were silent and he deciphered this as everything, but asked how many others do it and I said everyone does it. We played that game again. We got separated but both reached the end. The tagger, who was female, met us there. We were given characters at the start and we had to place this electronic thing on our characters symbol and we would be teleported away. One of us was a rat. James got out but she pulled mine out so I couldn't get away. I tried to play again but lost. I said "But I won before, you have to let me out". I got out later. Then two others and I were in a car and we looked upset [I was observing]. We got out and went to this grave on the side of the road. James was 'dead'. I was crying. He was there as a ghost and it was actually from his point of view -- he was seeing what would happen if he did die. He was saying stuff to me like "Don't cry" etc. I was thinking about killing myself.