I had an excursion and Dad was going to pick me up so I didn't have to go. But we were going to a shop and I figured I could hang out with Calvin and do whatever we wanted, so I went. Samantha was sitting near me on the bus which was on the top of a waterslide. This lady was driving and we went down the waterslide and back and down again. Then there were werewolves. This girl bit me because she liked me. Everyone disappeared. I said that maybe we can only see other werewolves. I was walking around a bus. I was then at a school and something happened and I did a reality check, which worked and it felt weird to breathe with my nose closed. I tried to keep my excitement down and I walked out of the room asking for my dream guide. I found some Indian guy and I asked if he was my dream guide and he said yes and walked into this classroom. I asked what his name was and he said "Pazpah". He wrote his first name and his last name on the board. His last name began with an 'M', but it was hard to pronounce, so I said "I'll just call you Pazpah". I said that I had read that it takes ages for most people to find their dream guide and that I've only been trying for a few days and this was kind of my first lucid dream. He asked if I "trusted in it" as much as the guy who wrote it [an article I read]. I said "I don't think so". He said that that was true. I said "Well, it's a bit of a gay concept, isn't it?". I lost lucidity for a minute. I was some girl in a different galaxy and I asked him take me home. When I was home, I was watching a weird movie and I did another reality check. Pazpah came and I was like "So... I can ask you anything about me?" and he said that I could. I asked if he could predict the future, for example, if how much I liked animals or people could determine what job I should take. He said that he could. I kept drifting into the dream but kept doing reality checks. One of the dreams I went to I was saying that I'd rather be a boy and I was someone else. Someone cut my hair and made it more boyish. I also kept asking about his life which I dreamt him answering, but I don't remember what he said. I couldn't think of what to ask him and I was thinking about a question about Eugene. I asked if he liked me and Pazpah said "More than you know" and I was thinking 'I highly doubt it'. I was going to ask something about Calvin, but I woke up.