I'm out travelling somewhere (walking or driving?) and come upon a nice little shop, old-timey, sort of middle-aged lady running it. I look at some of her wares. There are laces and linens. Next, I'm arriving at home - I live with my family. My parents have left my sister and me in the house while they're out of town. While I've been out, my sister's had a party. It's a big one, too, the kind where they take over the house and do anything they want. I'm disgusted and appalled. Also insulted and ashamed of my sister. I go to my bedroom. It's a shambles and there are several people carousing in it. I stand looking for a while, then say very forcefully: "This - is - my - bedroom. Get - out - now!" They do, while I stand there and look. Yuck. My sentiment seems to have spread, because everybody's leaving the house. I'm glad, but I am also apprehensive of my sister's reaction - she may be mad at me for running off her friends. But I meet her in the hallway and she's not mad - she's rather relieved, a little ashamed of having it turn out like that. I wonder when Mom and Dad will be home. She says she thinks they're not coming back at all. Next, (we go outside somewhere on the grounds or nearby?) I'm outdoors on a large open lawn where there's a ceremony taking place. There's a lot of people gathered around, and a circle of women in similar costumes: very fancy dresses with huge skirts and I think headdresses. I'm not sure if it's entirely dark outside, but the light isn't daylight anyway, and we're seeing the women as sort of silhouettes. They're changing colors themselves; their whole images, not just the dresses, gradually change in color and pattern (kind of like "transporter" dissolves work). When this is finished, the "lights" come on again and it's daylight. You can now see that the dresses aren't all one color - one group is red, one blue, one black, etc. - I'm not sure how many, but there's 4 or 6 alike in a group, except for the last group at the far end of the circle, whose dresses are varied, some of them even multicolored. These are the head people, like they're in charge of the ceremony. Now they're doing some stuff, some talking. And now the whole thing's over and everybody's leaving. Some have to stay behind to pack up their things - I'm helping somebody (friend? relative?) who took part and there's a small wooden case with drawers to pack up. Something like a tool chest. Then I leave with somebody else. Next I'm driving down a busy street with this person, female, don't know who - don't think she's my sister. The traffic is real fast and I'm driving on the left. It seems like a perfectly normal thing to do until a car comes straight at me. I quickly look around and there's no place to go on my right. It goes through my mind, "Oh, yeah, I forgot I'm in England, they drive on the right here". I close my eyes and cut the wheel hard to the left, thinking it's too late anyway. I may have said something to my companion, like "Brace yourself - we're gonna crash." But we don't. What we do is go down an incline (fairly steep) to the parking lot of a little shopping area. [Where we were driving wasn't open road, but a place something like the high street in a lot of English towns.) We decide we may as well get out and partake of the nearby restaurant as keep on driving in that mess. So we go up to the outside window and get plates of food to take to the patio-sort-of-area. It's not a fast-food joint, but very relaxed and casual. My friend passes in front of a big blondish man. I don't quite see what happens, but he sort of knocks over her food or something, then starts talking to her, all very jovial and what-fun-we're-having. He even takes some of her food and I'm wondering if this isn't some clever form of gregarious panhandling. I am very protective of my own food. Where he's sitting is some steps, next to a brick divider with plants in it, and there's a bit of a place to sit next to that. My friend comes up there an we sit to eat. The man turns toward us and keeps talking. I'm feeling sort of imposed on, but not terribly. He is sort of handsome and rather fun. But I don't want him to eat my food.