I was playing Super Mario and I was playing the level with metal Mario. Then it was real life and I was on an excursion. Calvin and I were running around. We went into the boys toilets and he locked us in a cubicle. Chriss came in and started talking to him and then he went to look over the door, so I opened the door and hit him then I ran out, laughing. I found this place with chairs on the steps. Darius and Eugene walked past me. I ran up the stairs and went right to the back, which was pitch black. I found an empty spot. Someone touched my leg and then sat in the seat next to me. It was Eugene. It was then not as dark. He saw me and was talking to Tanita, who was in front of us. She asked me something but I didn't understand and Eugene said "You like me, hey?" I said no. He said "oh" and looked shocked and started crying. Darius got annoyed that he was sitting next to me. Later, Eugene was on the phone and he was talking to Mom. There was a video on there of me when I was little. He said I was a cute baby and I said "Ew, babies are ugly". I ended up with my head on his lap looking up at him. I noticed that his eyes were a nice brown. Then I realized where I was and I was like 'What the hell am I doing here?!' and sat up. Later, I was at school and I was emptying my bag. I had a big bag of rubbish. I asked Ms Solomon if I could chuck it in a bin. She said "Ok, you've got twenty minutes". I had trouble walking there and then I realized I'd forgotten my bag, so I went back. Ms Solomon was annoyed. Mr Gutenberg was near the office singing Ring of Fire, and then he was singing Am I Ever Gonna See Your Face Again. He gave me and Samantha a beer. Ms Solomon asked "Who gave you that?" and we said "No-one". I was in class and I realized that it was Sunday. I was then confused why I was at school. The class had a different seating plan and I found an empty spot at the back, so I sat there. I saw a note on the desk two seats away, saying Swamp Boy. Eugene got up and sat there. He was asking about Swamp Boy. I realized that Calvin wrote it. There was a spelling mistake and it said "Swampa Boy". I saw Ezra. There was a list about Eugene that someone had written and it said "caring, sensitive, aggressive, energetic, quiet".