Scene in a Training, just setting up - I just arrived and I'm checking for something to do - it's in a kind of theater again, old wood building, dark in the theater area - there's an errand wants running and I'm getting instructions. [Some involvement with the parking lot here - did I go out to it and then not know what to do, or did I come in after being in it and not being sure where to go?] In a store or something - I'm on a landing at the top of some steps (inside the building), where the cash register is - I see George down below and go down a few steps to speak to him. He says he's here to do some [bodywork?] on somebody in the SOCIETY FOR CREATIVE ANACHRONISM - I'm surprised and he says he does this every Training, working on the new lords. I'm shocked - I had no idea that the two were connected at all and that the Training produced SOCIETY FOR CREATIVE ANACHRONISM people, especially not ranks. This is amazing. Later I'm somewhat around the corner from my previous location where I get hold of something with honey on top - the person dispensing it put way the hell too much on it and it's beginning to slide off. I get some on the floor, and awkwardly move around to a white porcelain sink, the kind with white knobs and a curved base. It's all over my hands now and I don't know how I can do anything without making a bigger mess, but eventually I get it all off. Yuck. Then I'm coming to the LT Center, which is in the place where the Bank is - sort of as if it were the spot where the ATM/post office is except you enter from the back. I'm driving a car, and waiting to turn left into the driveway. It's snowing or has been, there are drifts everywhere, idyllic but not much problem. As I wait I see that old man from the library, the volunteer, having just left this place, going along the sidewalk to my left. He seems to be going slowly and carefully, as if he were stiff and feeble. I don't want him to see me, so I keep my head turned the other way as much as I can. Someone else comes along the walk to him and helps him along his way. Then I turn into the drive, back to the parking slots. It's all quiet and snowy back here. My car has turned into a bicycle. I park it between two cars and go in. There's a sort of anteroom with a divider from the lobby, before the offices. [It's as if you came into the Center from the door into the classroom.] There are a lot of people around. I wanted to see Sue but I'm not sure I'll be able to with all this going on. I can hear a typewriter clacking away in the "spare" office. There's a blonde girl on my side of the partition. I know her by name but not so well. We say hello. I have my right elbow up for some reason, and she puts her hand under it and starts lifting me up. It takes a couple of tries before it works right, but then she's lifting me up and down very easily, like lifting a dumbbell - it's fun.......Seems to skip right into me being outside again, everybody else has left and I'm saying goodbye to Sue, she's in her car reversing out of the spot and I'm getting on my bike.