I am in some kind of couch in a restaurant. Arthur comes by. We talk for awhile and then we start kissing. I don't feel sexually excited but I am glad. I feel warm and loved. I am happy that he likes me even though I feel the fear that it won't work out. He says he's going to a movie and he'll call me later. On the spur of the moment, I decide to go to the movie with him. He says, "Great," although I feel some hesitation from him, like I'm trying to rush it. He says, "See ya there," and goes. I get off the couch. I feel tired and sort of regret saying I'll go, but I would like to see the movie. The woman that owns the restaurant comes to me and says she's so surprised that Arthur and I were "oral" so fast. I explain that we had an affair once before, "in high school" and then I had fallen in love with Darryl. "It really was love," I say. She says, "Well, it's none of my business." We go up to another restaurant to eat before I go meet Arthur. As we are eating, she shows me a picture of the women that work in the library. Some of them love Arthur and she thought it best I know. They have long pointy faces and are in renaissance costumes. I then look out the window and see that the British are coming on boats. It's war. A canoe/boat with explosives is rowed under our building. It explodes and the building sways and then topples. I am at the window and as it falls. I dive out to safety in the water. I swim fast. Some bad guy is after me. Then, the water is in a narrow wooden tube. I swim. I am running through a modern city on the freeway. Then, I am swimming again with the people in hot pursuit. Again, I have to dive. There is a seal. I have to dive beyond the contaminated water or I'll get warts. I do and I continue to run and swim. I take some of the contaminated water and put it in a bottle and put it in my pocket as a weapon. I become tired. I come through a narrow window by ripping the walls out with my bare hands and barely squeezing through. I hide in a nearby clothes pile. They go on ahead of me, although they stop and look around for me for a moment.