John Boats is doing a children's Training, for fairly small kids, 5 or 6 maybe - it's not the first, there've been several, but it's still pretty new - taking place in an old building, maybe it was a school but hasn't been used in a while - pretty rough but still homey enough to suit me. Several rooms, mostly small, wood floors, not much furniture. Besides me, I only know about one other person who's here right now, a girl (blonde, medium curly hair) who's leading the kids in a sort of Pied Piper business - that's what she's supposed to be doing, why I don't know, but there's supposed to be music and the stereo's broken, so she's got headphones on so she hears it and parades around to it, and the kids follow. The whole business is sort of low-budget, what with the building and furnishings and all - it's sort of do-the-best-you-can time. I think John is slightly embarrassed about it (but only slightly). Oh, Linda Thomas is here, too - I think some others are now as well - and she's reminding me of the time - it's late afternoon on Sunday, and she reminds me I have a "Tuesday night class" (to teach). I do think it odd to have a Tuesday class on Sunday and I'm confused for a minute. But the main thing is I'm tired. I turn in the doorway toward John and lean heavily against it - he says, "Tired?" and I just nod, then say yes, indeed, or something - I really am exhausted - I'm just doing so much, one thing after another. I don't know if I can keep this up. I'm coming inside a building - church-y, school-y sort of place; elsewhere in it is a kind of pageant going on, with a bunch of people dressed up in Arabian sort of gear, an "emir" sort of head man, underlings and handmaidens, drapes - everything's in orange tones with gold embroidery and that. There's no audience, everybody in the room does something in it. It's almost but not quite real, actually. I'm supposed to be subbing for Ella, who can't make it for her part. I don't know anything about it but I understand you can fake it. I'm dressed in a sort of harem costume, all covered but you can still see how I sort of fall out of it, and Kora is with me giving me a lecture on how I'm getting fatter - "Just look at yourself", he says, "Do you realize how much you've gained from a year ago?" "You've got to stop this eating so much." I'm a little down, but I still don't think it's all that bad, is it?