I don't remember the start, but a virus (like in 24) was released. I had a boyfriend who was Michael Cera (or at least looked like him). He thought that he was infected. I was at home which was completely different in a completely different place. There was a place in the desert where infected people went and they could kill themselves. I was with Mom at one stage and I was crying (about Michael being infected) and she was like "maybe he's not infected". Michael was going to go there but first Mom, Darren, Ezra, Michael and I were in the car going to the shop. Ezra had a guinea pig. Michael and I were messing around in the shop and making out. We were also singing Love Me Tender at one point. Some guy and I had a fight and I had this giant mascara thing and he had a hairdryer. Then we were in an aisle which had yoghurt topped muesli bars and we were throwing them at each other. Then I was in the music section with Mom. Some people were singing old songs and I was singing along to some parts. There was a Beatles "number ones" poster. There was also a Spinal Tap thing which had Christopher Guest on the front. Some lady asked Mom the best way to learn the piano. As we left the section I grabbed this big green and white candy cane, a wig and a mini-moose (Invader Zim) toy. I put on the wig and met up with Michael in the food hall. This guy was making food, which was a live animal. I realized it was an armadillo and there was one nearby. I took off the wig and jumped on the table. It went on a rampage and I was trying to kill it. I went near Michael and used a table to shield us and we managed to run out of the shop. This guy was just outside in his car. We got in and wound the windows up. It was trying to head butt through the windows. I took over driving and sat in the left side. The driver did the breaks and kept an eye on the speed, which was in miles. It was too confusing so I swapped and had to add 40 to the miles and that would be the equivalent of kilometers. We tried to get the armadillo off. It rolled the car and Michael and I got out and the car exploded. Then the driver appeared. It was dark and we were running home trying to avoid the armadillo. We got home and then I was Kim (24) and he was Chase (24) and she said to him not to come in and he said "I thought I was past the kissing stage". He left and then it was me again. The door wouldn't lock and the armadillo was outside. I called Mom (but it wasn't her) to help stop it from getting in. The house was shaking and we went back in time. The father was going to do something. We went outside and Sandra Bullock was in a tree with a baby. She had really long nails that were white and she was hippie like. Michael and I made out again.