I was watching a movie called 'Sad School'. It started off with these people in an underground carpark place but it wasn't underground. They jumped into the street and then these people ran out of a shop with zombies after them. There were heaps of zombies around. This lady worked out that if you stood up straight it would attract them so she and this girl walked like hunchbacks and got past them. They got a deal with a zombie so that they and other survivors could live in this school as long as they made no noise or were seen. This guy got turned and told this lady that it wasn't pleasant. He was green and warty. This girl got kissed and her mouth went warty. The street was crowded with zombies and they all went after them. This lady went into the back seat of a police car. The front window was down and she was trying to push it up. They kept going down though, so she had to keep pushing them up. There was a male zombie outside. She managed to get out but he chased her. She ended up in this store which only had two walls and then she was a guy. Michael Cera was then there and a guy in a wheelchair was facing the other way. The girl who had turned into the guy said he was the only person who could look after the guy in the wheelchair. It was his son. So the zombies were like "Well it's your son or Michael'. I was like "Give them wheels!". Dad asked if the main lady died. I said that I didn't know and that I thought she did. There was a catchy song in it. At the school where the survivors were, there was a guy in a cage. A helicopter flew over one day and the zombies got suspicious. The people decided to leave but first they had to delete their files. They went to this place but somehow the wall got knocked down and they were all standing. Later I was in the lounge room and the sequel was on. Dad was watching it and Ezra was there. There was a list of music and there was a song I liked on there. In the sequel there was a cop who was the brother of a cop in the first one (and he looked like he was related to Kevin Dillon). It was really random and boring. Jeremy Piven was driving a car and yelling into a phone.