I was at 'school'. We were at this shop (that was at the school) and all these celebrities were there. Dad shook Jack Nicholson's hand, then I did. He had rings on, but I shook his hand anyway. Kevin Spacey was there too. Someone was found dead and we were all being wary of the killer. Most people left and it was just me, the teachers and some students. Whitaker from Roswell was there but she was called Topolsky. Then there was this guy called Ned and he looked like Miko Hughes. Topolsky told me to lock him in this room with all our school bags because she thought he was the killer. I locked it and then unlocked it, but she saw me and did it herself and guarded the door. I suspected her of being the killer and I went to the other side of the shop and left. She had followed me and was waiting outside. She started chasing me. I didn't know where to go and just kept running. I ended up at these tennis courts. I yelled out to everyone that "Topolsky is the killer!". They laughed and were confused. Then she came and she had a gun to this male teacher's head. I pointed at them and finally the people looked. We all started running and she was shooting at us. I kept hiding behind things. Then she got hold of a machine gun and she now looked like Mia Kirshner. I was hiding behind this little metal thing. I asked "how many bullets does that hold?" and someone said "500". Then it was a keyboard. She had modified it to act as a machine gun. I grabbed it and she disabled it. She grabbed another keyboard and we were having a fight with them. Then she planted this bomb which plugged into the power socket. I called out for someone to disable the power and the principal guy said no and I realized that he was a part of it. We ran and the bomb had only been set for 3 seconds or something, then the school exploded. I had managed to get to the front of the school and it was North Midvale Primary School. I started walking home. There was a black guy on the street too. I decided to go back to the school and help. I called Mom on my mobile and she was like "Yeah, I'm coming to get you". I said "A bomb just went off at the school! I don't know who's dead or alive" and I was crying. I got off the phone and was walking through the rubble. Brendan Fehr came out of the rubble and I said "What's your name?" and he said "Ben". I saw Ned and woke him up and he said that his mothers cover was now blown and he asked if I could take him to my 'father' who was a doctor. I grabbed him and said that he was small. I was reading something about Pushing Daisies and everyone was like "Where's the real Ned?". Someone said, about the Miko Hughes Ned, "You rule. You're my favourite because of your smile".