I was at school. Calvin was there. I saw some dude with a dark blue, dirty uniform on. Evelyn and Calvin were like "What's that smell?" and I was like "Oh, you think everything smells". They said it was the guy, but he was pretty far away and I said "Oh, can you smell him from that far away?". The guy was kind of hot and he walked past us and went into this cave. An old, ugly guy came out. Calvin and I were talking to him and he said they had an elephant in there. I figured they were zookeepers. We chatted for a while but then we had to go to class. During class, he came in and said "Don't forget to deliver that note!" and I was like "what note?". I checked my bag and found it. A while later, I told the teacher I needed to deliver it. She gave me a card to sign. I left and was talking to the guy but realized I forgot the card and went back to get it. Calvin was there talking to him when I got back. He said "Do you want a dog? Do you want a wildfire?". I said "Well, I don't want the wildfire!". He said it was dangerous and said, about fire, "Oh, well I like them!". I was going to say 'not over in [where Nana lives]' because of Nana, but I was eating. I thought he was going to let us work with the elephant. Then Calvin and I were on a platform. There were all these cars and people. A bus left, full of people from a different school. Two girls were talking to us. One said something about wearing the school shirt normally, which she said meant that it was tied up behind you. I said "No, that's called the bust way". She said I should fold my shirt up to "let your hair show". I was completely confused and asked "what?" and she took her pants off. Then she said "Maybe it's too soon". Then she was naked and her friend was almost naked. When I complained she attacked us, but then left. Then this guy and I were going out. Sometimes, I wasn't me. We were going to be having sex later. He thought I liked the zookeeper guy (the young one). I said "Oh, Parker? No!". These bad guys went after some guy. This woman was pretended to be hanging off a cliff. They were helping her and she had glue on her hands. This guy jumped onto this little bit sticking out of the cliff. Then this guy who looked like Xander Berkeley said he wouldn't do something until they "put a ring on my finger". They gave him a silver ring and then he asked for a door handle thing. He put it on and he walked away and didn't do what he said he was going to do.