I was at some house and they had something that was like a serial killer (don't remember what it was). Then I was wandering around and I ended up killing someone and their brain was hanging out. I also killed some other person. I grabbed some disc of some science thing and got out of the house through this window. I was walking along the street and this girl followed me for a while. I went into this house and called Mom and told her what I did. She was making swallowing vomit-y sounds. I got a message from Dad saying he was on the way and I was crying because if he had been sooner he could've stopped me. He picked me up and then we went to this meeting that he went to regularly. He had an e-mail from Malcolm McDowell (they were friends). He was also friends with some director guy. People from school were there. Daryl asked me how my job was going and I said "it isn't". We were walking together and Mom was walking in front of us. I said that I was quiet so I could "play more games" and he laughed. Mom looked around and asked if he was Lumpy and he said his name was Daryl Kemp and I said "I call him Lumpy". Then Calvin and I were talking and he said that he heard something about Mr Fantastic (Fantastic Four). I said I already knew he died and he was like "how?" and I said that I was there (I had killed him) but I told him not to tell anyone because we were pretending that I wasn't there. I went to some shop with Evelyn, which was where she worked. There were some weird dancing things. Some L plates broke and we got some yellow card to replace them. I was walking with Calvin through the back of the shop. I was singing along to the song on the radio. I heard Dmitri saying that new music was "rubbish". Then I was at school and we were in the common room which was bigger and really different. Eugene and someone came in. After heaps of people were in there someone locked the door. Eventually they unlocked it. This teacher gave out ice-creams. They gave a blue one to Eugene, a pink one to Bradley and mixed ones to Darius and Jeremiah. I went into some room and this lady teacher was telling me how she would design it if it were her home. Earlier Mom was in a carpark and she parked smoothly into a spot and this other car drove past the area. Then it reverse parked into the spot behind her car. Lloyd (Entourage) was driving it and Ari (Entourage) was yelling at him.