I came home and the kettle was on. Mom was there. I watched an episode of The Young Ones. Then I had some notebooks with me and they all had stuff about Eugene in them. People from school were there and we were in the games room. Calvin was there and he kept trying to get my notebooks and then an assembly was called. He asked what letter the person I like's name started with. He said "Mellena?" which meant Eugene. I had this ribbon thing and Calvin and I were playing with it. He gave Lucia another end of it and they were pulling on it. I saw some orange scissors so I got them and cut her side and we were then 'fighting', but not really and she said that she doesn't want to come between Calvin and his "ex-best friend". I said "I didn't even know we were best friends, let along ex-best friends!". Genevieve was also there and she had Breakaway in her pocket. Then Mom, Ezra, Dad and I were at some place. We stopped the car and got out. I tried to ask what was going on, but they just looked at me funny. I realized they were going to the shop. Then I was at some place with the school and there were rabbits. People had had sex with them. I was playing with a black one. Samantha had one and they were selling them but first they were having an auction. Payton was next to Samantha and she let hers go and it went down the side of some stairs. It looked at her and I said "You gaylord". Then I was at this other place and Calvin and I decided to wag. We were walking together through these tunnels but we didn't know our way around. Eventually, we didn't recognize the people we were passing. Then we saw Ms Corbett, and then Mr Stevenson. We got past them and then we were walking across this oval full of little kids. They yelled out "Hagrid August Underground" (which was a movie made in 1918 and this guy knew where to go if they called it out). The guy came after us and he caught Calvin first. I grabbed this fridge, and it opened and smelled really bad. I hit him and he fainted. I walked back across the oval and Edward Norton was walking up and I kicked him in the head and knocked him out. Then I was at home. I looked out the window and saw 3 cars. I thought this little white one was Darren's. I didn't know who the others were.