I was playing a game and showed Mom, but she just wanted to do some statistics thing and I said "I'm the one who's suppose to love that!". The game was a zombie game and you were part of a group and you had to walk around and try to survive. Then there were dogs and some were infected. There were doors which we were told could get knocked down and those that couldn't. But the dogs kept getting through the strong doors. Then it was real and I was with Dad, Ezra and some others. We were hiding out in this home in an apartment building. The room was surrounded by windows and we didn't close the curtains. Outside, there were hands all over the windows and the top half of the windows was all brown and cloudy. The dogs came through and were attacking me and someone shot them. Then they went and Dad was like "I don't know how they got through". I was planning to wake up ready to get the gun and shoot. I asked Dad how to get the safety off and then he decided to show me all the features of the gun. He and Ezra were going out for dinner tomorrow night (for Ezra's birthday and my birthday) and I said I might go. He said that celebrities were going to be there, including Kevin Spacey so I thought ok. Eugene was then there with some other people. They shot two zombies and one got hit. I went to go to bed and then the dogs came but only one got in. Then I was at home. Dad woke us up and he went in the pool or something. I had a cold. Ezra and Mom were there too. Mom kept humming Do You Really Want to Hurt Me and she kept calling it Karma Chameleon. I said "It's only... 28 years ago!". Ezra threw some food and Dad was like "you'll attract the dogs". Kiki was next to a shed having some babies. They all had orange on them. One was kind of nasty and then they turned into cute toddlers. I think one of them was allowed to get a cat called Scotty and people laughed. We were going to watch a zombie movie and I said "Nah, I dreamt about zombies last night". Then we were at Nana's. Someone was talking about Victoria Beckham and I said she was ugly. Mom was there and so was Alyssa. I said that you'd have to be desperate to marry David Beckham.