Darren and Mom were at some weird guy's house. We ended up at their old house. We were out the back and it was really small. The fence was really low and we could see the neighbour (who was an old lady). I was looking at our old stuff, including a TV and a suitcase. We went inside and our old stuff was still there (no-one had moved in). I said we should go upstairs and check out our old stuff. Then this person dressed in black came down the stairs and Ezra ran out the front door, but I went back to get my stuff and the guy caught me and was hitting me with a baseball bat. This happened a second time, but we had powers. I could put up a force field and could 'shoot' sparks from my hands. Ezra had telekinesis. The guy turned into Chuck (Chuck). Then I wasn't me and he was asking people to sell something for $200 and they were like "Take it for free". Then I was sitting on top of a tall bunk bed. Theodore 'fell' out of the wall. He was climbing down and Elijah was coming up and he was like "Theodore, where did you come from?" and I said "Out of the wall" and Elijah was like "Oh, he must've been somewhere". I don't remember where he said he must've been. Then Bradley, Eugene, Ezra and someone else came up. I was waiting for Darius to join but he never showed up. I kept looking at Eugene and he kept looking at me and I felt uncomfortable. Ezra was taking photos and I wanted a photo of Eugene but he didn't take a photo of him. Then we were playing some game. You were given an 'event' and a random date. We were in this hotel looking lobby. This couple went to their room. Someone was saying they were going to have sex. This lady was talking and was on stairs, she sounded like Bette Davis. I worked out that she was a bad guy and went up behind her, but I don't know what happened then. Then we were in a building and there was a security desk. There was a key in it, which meant there were intruders. I was looking in the drawers for a gun, but there wasn't one. I grabbed some scissors and put them in my pocket. Some guy and I went back to the stairs. He went first and he suddenly stumbled back -- he had been shot. I ran. We had a list of all the people in the game and if they were dead, their name went bold. Then I think Eugene died or I couldn't find him so I reset the game. The new date was in some dinosaur time. The terrorists were really crazy in this one. Some people died and then this person and I came across them. This other person died and they were shooting at them. The guy was called Alex Rae. It was in slow motion, so I ran forward and across and they missed, but then there were like 30 bullets and some just scraped past. They set off a nuclear bomb and everyone in the area was dead. I was like "Oh my God, Eugene!". Then I was at 'home'. I went in Dad's room and was talking to him. I locked the door because this bad guy was there. Dad told me to open it. It opened a little and the guy was getting his gun out so I shut the door. I called Mom and she was all giggly and weird. I don't know what I said but I decided it was a dream and I woke up. Mom was still giggly and she just got back from seeing some guy. I was talking to her about my dream, omitting the parts with Eugene.