This guy was making a movie. He cast Kevin Connolly in a role, but was originally going to cast Theodore. I was painting a room. Everyone there had a certain colour to paint with. Tucker was there. I had red. On the wall, already painted, was red, yellow, pink and something else (they were in stripes). There was a certain order but if we liked a spot more, we could paint there instead. The pink was called the "mystery colour". I don't remember what happened but Dad, Ezra and I were in a car. Sometimes Dad was Mom. These people in this other car were doing weird things. Mom had an argument with this lady, who looked like Liza Minnelli. Ezra wanted to read some diary extracts and I said no. We were at a house later and they had school photos there. They were from this thing that some students went to. I wondered if Eugene was there so I looked through them, but he wasn't. We were then in a room somewhere and I looked out the window and there was no ground; all there was outside was clouds and darkness. We were then driving. Elijah was with us. There were fireworks and people from school were like 'I haven't seen them in ages'. I was thinking about the stuff we learnt about fireworks in chemistry. This lady was driving and she went back up this road and trees were in the way and she stopped on a jetty. I said "now someone's going to come and push off". This car then started coming. I jumped out and ran. I ended up in front of this house and Dmitri opened the front fate and let me in. He told me to look for something and he was doing something with this weird thing and I was like "Are you the Anti-Christ?" (something about the Anti-Christ had come up earlier) and he told me to look at this thing, which then turned into this bright white light. I was then somewhere else. People didn't like us because of all these accidents that had happened to some people and they had died. We went to the Liza Minnelli woman later to apologize. Dad said he didn't want to have her "on his butt". Will Arnett was somewhere. Dad was watching a movie earlier. I was with Calvin somewhere.