I was at a party, it was some famous one. This guy and I (and sometimes I was Katherine Heigl) were in a shop. He was holding me and kissing me and rubbing my feet against chocolates and stuff in the shelves. Then a friend of relative of mine was nearby and I was trying to hide my face. He took me into some male toilets and I said that I was going to go the toilet in the "ladies room". The doors of the cubicles were high, so you could see people sitting on the toilet. I went anyway. This girl I was with was watching me, smiling. There were some girls in the cubicle next to me and one had a baby and they were saying how she had to go without sex for a week and she had gone past a gym and all these guys came out with their gym clothes on and they were sweaty and stuff. I was thinking 'what the hell, that's disgusting'. The girl I was with and I went back to the toilet, but then there was a play and we were walking towards the stage. Madelyn was with us too. The girl said that we had to do some thing with Justin Timberlake (like rubbing boobs on his head) and I was like "I'm not doing that and I'm not touching Justin Timberlake!". She was wondering why and that she thought I was more outgoing or something. I said that she didn't even know me very well and that this was "the first party I've ever been to" and "I'm not as wild as you think I am!".  We got to the stage and Calvin text me and it said that Madelyn was coming near me and I realized he was there because I was standing next to her. I was involved with the play, so I sat on a chair on the stage (there were heaps of chairs behind the curtain) at the front. Evelyn, Gavin and others were singing Camelot (Monty Python and the Holy Grail), which I mouthed. The tape stuffed up and they had to stop the play. There was a guy called Ned and he told me some story. Darius was playing Evelyn's lover in the play. Eugene wasn't there. We were in the common room later and Daryl was asking "Who do I like?" and I remembered that I'd seen photos of the person on his Myspace but I couldn't remember who it was. Everyone thought it was going to be a guy, but it was Genevieve.