I was with Jeb. It was then Dad. We went to Hungry Jacks and got some nuggets and Ezra said they were yucky. I accidentally put mine in a bin, instead of eating them. Dad and I went to this island which was supposed to have nothing on it, but there was a KFC and another shop or something. The people there tried to get us. This guy was driving down a freeway. He ended up getting angry at something and got caught by some people. He was put underground and attached to a rope. People would be thrown in there and the more he caught the longer his rope would get, which meant he could reach out further to catch people. He was then a creature of some sort and a woman got thrown in. She escaped. There were other creatures around at different places. The closest one to him was this really violent 'guy'. It got odd then and I think the guy was actually a prisoner (had been thrown in). People with bad tempers were thrown in. He managed to escape and he was running around the streets. He turned this corner in a car, but then he was lying on a skateboard rolling down a hill, it went over a little bump and the skateboard disappeared. The cops were after him and he jumped on a bus and was thanking the bus driver. Then it showed outside the bus and the driver motioned to some police that were driving next to him. The guy noticed and jumped off the bus and kept running. Then it was me and someone and we were climbing up a tree. The person I was with asked what was in my hair and I noticed I had blood in it and I said that it must be because I was "pumped full of adrenalin". I think I was then him and the other person was Kristen Kreuk, who he liked. This girl who was friends with him and these other guys said she was the sister of him and his brother and that it was all a training exercise. Eventually they got free. But they kept getting hassled so at the end of the movie (which it was now), they met up with some guy and when they got back in the car, it exploded (with him, his girlfriend and his son in it). Then at the funeral, it showed Kristen Kreuk looking across and then it had zoomed out and they were both there on this hill. They were then at their house and their son was asking her how long she had stayed alive for (her double in the car) and she replied "200 hours" and told him that he was going to have another brother, "like Kyle".