I was at school and I had a biology test last. I was studying during 'form', but we had been called to the library, which was different, for a meeting. Calvin came and sat next to me, and Elijah sat next to him. Evelyn sat on another chair next to me. We were on a lounge. I don't know what class I then had, but Elijah was still around and I was talking to him. I kept getting called out of class for stuff. I was in chemistry and there were more people in the class, but Eugene wasn't in the class and it had always been like that and I didn't like it. In one class I got three notes to go somewhere. I can't remember the first place but I had to go to Falador and this place in the Underground Pass (which was different). Jeremiah asked if I knew where to go in the Underground Pass and I said yeah but he didn't believe me. I went to this tree, as did Theodore and someone else (they had to go to Falador too). Ms Solomon asked if we had been called to go to Falador. No-one knew what it was. The tree was hard and we had to break the bark off it. Eventually we did and I said "Say no more!" and was thinking about that sketch and Eric Idle. There were all these big ants crawling around and they were red and black. I pointed them out and Ms Solomon said they weren't ants, but spiders. I said "fire spiders" and I then said "fire giants!". They were dangerous so I moved away and lots of them were all over the ground and in the tree. They turned into human looking creatures, but if they touched someone they would catch on fire. They also didn't respond to pain (a lot like the L'vrai in Mindbridge, which I read last night). I was at the office and this teacher had this little baseball bat and was hitting them on the head. I was annoyed that I couldn't finish going to all the places I was asked to go. They took form of the people at school. One of them looked like Darius. I discovered that water killed them so I led some to a pool. I had some dead people from school in the pool and I was walking around the pool (and there was a gate around the pool) so that they would go to follow and fall in. This only worked with some of them. I had to kick the others into the pool. After I had finished, four of them were still ok.