Nana, Dad, Ezra, Poppa, some others and myself went to see this psychologist guy for something. He was pretty cool and we went through this thing together. Nana wanted to listen to 80's music on my iPod. The psychologist told me to listen and try to hear his voice while listening to the iPod. His voice started fading. I listened to Dancin' With Myself and Goody Goody Gumdrops. When we left, I was then at 'school'. Calvin was waiting with my bag. Evelyn was dressed in orange. I saw Darius and Eugene. We went outside to leave and one school called Andrew Gardner was blocking the easy exit and if someone not from the school tried to go through, they would throw popcorn and wouldn't let them through. I got lost and somehow ended up in a vent. I got down and was in this weird place. I went through a door and there was a stage with people on it and snipers. This guy said it was just a show. I went outside, but there was no way to leave. I went back inside, and it was now a garage looking place. I went back to the vents. The next one had a dying rat and cobwebs. I asked the guy to clean it for me. There was a washing line with my undies on it so I put them in a bag. He cleaned the vent. There was a video on my phone of snow, and then the vent was filled with snow. He gave me a towel so I'd be warm and to clean as I went through the vent. In the vent, it was cushioned and squishy. There were holes, with a ladder leading down. I went down some and was looking around for a way out. One of the ones I went down there was a young black kid and he said "I'm blah blah authority figure" and then I was Will Smith and I rambled about some law thing and put him behind some stuff. His father was tied up. Then this woman came and she had a daughter, Grace, from Will Smith and she had a son now from another guy, except Grace was pale and the mother was pale. Then they were teenagers and trying to be as slutty as they could. One of the girls said "I slept with [someone] and got pregnant!". Then it was That 70's Show and they were running around dancing and I was trying to get back in the vent, eventually I did.