I could go to the past. I was at a shop with Ezra and Dad. We all found a lounge/chair we liked and asked this lady to show us on a tour. There was a games section with Monopoly. It distracted Dad and Ezra and Ezra wanted to buy the Monopoly and I said that he already had a spiffy one. There were pieces of paper with bands on them -- Herman's Hermits and The Beatles are the only ones I remember. Then I was in the past. I was with some famous singers including The Beatles. I was friends with John Lennon. We were all playing card games and the public was watching. I told them to say that whoever lost was going to retire. Then I was earlier in the past and John Lennon was young (the first time we met). He had become more attached to me than his mother and she was annoyed at this, but when he was a teenager she died. I had taken my camera back and I was taking heaps of photos. I saw everything in black and white but the camera took photos in colour. I took some video too, and some guy was singing and dancing from the roof and also video of John Lennon. He was playing darts, when he was young, and this fat lady was calling people retards. I went to the UK in the past. Mom told me to speak in an English accent because they might not like outsiders. But I figured they wouldn't like someone putting on an accent more and so spoke normally, sometimes I was a guy. They were being shifty at first, and then I said what if I was a bar reviewer or something and they acted more friendly. I checked my phone and it was ringing (it was on silent). Alan was ringing. Alan was this guy who looked like the main actor in C.R.A.Z.Y. and he was friends with me. I got out of the bar and then it was hung up. I got this text saying he was in an accident. I called him and he was like "Why didn't you answer?" and he was crying. I was near this lady's house and she didn't like me on her lawn and she kept putting her sprinklers on. When I got there, I was a guy and he was a girl. She decided to run off with me and become famous. Her mother was annoyed but when she thought her daughter would be famous she was ok about it.