I was in a building with a female friend of mine doing some work/study. We were in a stairwell and it looked really rundown. There was a girl with red hair in this red room. There was a window on one of the walls (in the stairwell) and a while later I looked out the window and there was a bright red cloud. I told my friend to look and there was a flame going across the sky and then a big mushroom cloud of fire came up. The aftershock came and the building shook and knocked us down. We were on the eleventh floor or something and we were running down the stairs. We made it to the ground floor and there was a restaurant and we climbed through the window to get out. Jeremiah was there and he said "The great wall exploded!". I called Mom and she said she hadn't heard anything about it or seen it. There was this weird animation that showed what would happen after and something would turn into a planet. Then we were poor and it was post-apocalyptic. I met up with Eugene, Daryl and some others for something. Eugene and I were dating. He was handing me cutlery and plates and things from the restaurant to take. The guy accused us of stealing stuff and we were denying it. We needed the stuff as it was hard to get and was expensive (needed it to survive). Then I was in accounting. Melodie was complaining about Fatima and Fatima was arguing with her. Then Ezra, Mom and I were in the car. I had called Mom and she told me to go to the corner of these two streets. I was wondering why and thought she was shifty. She took us to this other place and we were 'rebels' now. I tapped Ezra on the shoulder and motioned for him to go back to the car. We all got out and Mom gave me the keys to fix the window. I jumped into the driver's seat and drove and Ezra got in. Then the car was little and yellow and it was a game. The car kept getting smaller and I had to find a power-up to change into another vehicle. It turned into a duck and then I found something and it changed into a turtle which was extremely slow and the bad people were walking right next to us.