Dad, Ezra and I were on a holiday, but it was at Nana's (and none of them were there). We were in the lounge room and it was set up differently and there was a lounge with an air conditioner on it. There were some kids nearby who liked to play with Ezra. There were zombies outside and they were like 'brains' ones. We closed the blinds. Someone was at the back door talking to them and I realized he was going to open the door so I ran there and locked it again. I told Dad they were going to get through, so we grabbed our stuff (I grabbed my keys and my phone, which had fallen between the lounge cushions) and went to the front door. We realized my car was in front of the garage. There were no zombies at the front door, but we couldn't see enough out of the door, so we stayed inside. We then saw the zombies run to the front door so we decided to go down these stairs to this fence and not many zombies were there. They were trying to climb over the fence and we were kicking them down. I got down first and started punching them and stuff. Then we ran to this circle, which was surrounded by zombies. I went down and there was a shelf with dumbbells so I was hitting them with them but they were too heavy so I ran back up. It was then a shop. I was climbing along shelves and it was a chocolate section. One of the chocolate's wrappers said it was Oprah's favourite and it had some alcohol in it. I was eating some of the chocolates to try it and I started feeling sick. I was feeding the zombies chocolate and eventually they were all full and drunk. Then this zombie had a sore hand and I suggested a bandage. He went looking for one with me and he found it first. This girl behind a counter thought I was shifty. Later, I had a job at this girly place in the shop, called 'Soho'. They had weird hats and we needed to sell one a day. There was a jumper which was brown and it didn't protect from the cold very well. I was also at school at one point and Ms Bigwood made me popcorn with lots of butter and it was gross. Mom gave me chicken sandwiches. I went to eat. Fatima was at a table, so I sat with her and then she moved.