I was at school. Mr Billings was talking to me and told me to see him at the Year 9 block sometime. He asked why I didn't call my Biology teacher and I said I forgot. I went to the library for Biology and it was different and huge. Ms Atkinson was there and she had a short haircut. I went into an area to study and Elijah and Josephine came in. Some teachers started pulling curtains tightly around a square area, including around me. I said "What are you doing? Meditating or something?" and Josephine said "yeah". Then four of us were sitting and they had there legs crossed over like they were meditating and I was trying not to laugh. Sometime later, we stopped some kid on a ledge. I pushed him off and first yelled at him angrily and others complained about what I did. We were then in some big house. Everyone there slowly left to sleep in another room (because I hurt the kid) except Calvin, who stayed. Ezra was there too. We then decided to run upstairs as a joke and pretend to all be leaving me. We went up and everyone had started going back, we then left. We met up with some Irish guys. I got the impression one of them liked me. Silas and I were mucking around and the guy said "Oh now I love Sasha Wyatt" and he cried. I thought it was because he thought I was with Silas. I was worried about sleeping that night because I didn't trust the Irish guys (there were three of them). I walked past this area, which we had hidden out in before and it was now too rundown to stay in. Nana was there. I said "ok, why don't we just stay in a house?". I then realized it was a bad idea because 'they' were about to come home. Then it was a movie and this lady, her two sons and her husband were in their house. She put the kids to bed and then she left and it showed a spider web with a big bug on it on the door (it was Halloween, and supposed to look like a decoration). I said "now the spider will move" and it did. Later, the kid woke up and was screaming. The Mom woke up and sprayed insecticide before opening her eyes. Then she opened them and smiled and got up. There were lots of bugs and she was spraying them. They had to leave because other insects (in other houses, they were taking over) would've heard them. Then there was a pub looking place and it had weird ads on the walls (one of them was for a movie with people who had been taken over by something). The cops came to find them. One of them said they had been there just a few hours ago. There were hairs in the roof. There was this weird thing that I was 'giving' hair to. I pulled the hair through the top of its head, like a comb and then it had blond hair, but it turned to spiky red hair and there was green straight down the middle.