I was watching Grey's Anatomy and trying to remember why Denny had been in the hospital. I remembered that someone had been threatening Izzie with a knife and he had jumped in the way to save her and got stabbed [didn't really happen]. I was going to download those episodes again. I was on MSN and Jayson was on there. We had started talking and he sent me some links. Poppa needed me to go to a church in "Montreal". I was in the car on the way there but I forgot the name of the church. It was called St Nixon, but then it was Yeates and I thought 'Like Rebekah'. I was then with someone else and they pointed out the church. It was 12:10, and I was supposed to have done whatever I was supposed to do by 12. It was dark. This guard/priest guy was outside and was watching us. Poppa explained what I had to do and that I had to go into the "hold". I forgot the rest of what he said though. The guard guy called the cops, so we ran and were jumping and running around for a while. We ended up jumping into the hold, but it wasn't really. We kept making noises and then they would hear us and we would have to run again. It was then daytime. It showed this lump of ground and it moved. Then it showed this lady outside her house being questioned by the cops. Then it showed this other cop holding a gun to this guy's head, who lived across from her. They were going to kill him if she didn't tell them what the ground was for. They were actually aliens. They lifted up the grass, and the ground underneath was really soft and they put their hands in and pulled out a big, old phone. Then I had a flashback of me talking on it to Poppa. One of the aliens said "How long did you know?" and the other said "13 years" and the other one said that he'd known for "38 years". My partner and I were in disguises leaning against a wall around the corner. There was a lake across from us, and we ran and jumped into it. We were swimming under the water looking for something on the bottom of the lake. The aliens were now swimming behind us. We reached the end, then I quickly leapt around to the other side, using the sides of the lake. The person I was with was then Autumn. They ended up taking my partner to see what I would do, but I ran and got into the car and drove. It was then dark and I didn't put the lights on and almost drove into the lake. I put my lights on, but I had ended up on this rocky wall and I couldn't get off it and I had to drive carefully. Some parts of it were snowy. Three years later, I got off. I went back to the town and got a motel room, which had no TV and the lady was offered me hers. I then went to Mom's, which was her house, but Nana was there. Dad and Ezra were there too. They had these sausages, normal ones and "French" ones. The French ones had this hairy skin like stuff on them. I opted for a normal one. Dad had a French one. Ben (Big Brother) was there. Mom knew him. He thought I was Ezra when I first came in and said "Hey Tommy" and I said "I'm not 'Tommy',". I went to my room and Ezra's bed was still in there.