I don't know where we were, but a bunch of people from school, some others and I were there. One was a guy that I had been with when I met Jewel Staite. We had this other picture of me and her. Someone was coming to see him and he gave the photos to me to hide somewhere (so no-one knew anything about him). Eugene and Darius had a room there. They changed something on the door, so it said Eugene was Finnish and Darius was French. I think Eugene and I were going out. I got into a car and Ezra was in the driver's seat. Eugene came and the car started reversing out into the street and wouldn't stop. He got stuck on the bonnet, but decided to stay on the outside of the car. There was a girl with a balloon and I grabbed it and it started shrinking and popped and she blamed me, but I said it was already popped (it was). I saw this director guy and recognized him. I found something about him and was like 'That's where I know you from!'. Some guy asked us if we knew any actors (for a job). Then it showed some of us entering a building (we had taken up the offer). I had to get in to this place and I had a bag strapped and this other guard checked it. While they were distracted, Theodore slipped into the toilet just behind them. I went into the bar and Johanna and two others were there. I went into the next room and some girl I had met before decided she wanted help with applicable math. They cancelled intro calc to do it and Fatima came in and was trying to work out what happened. This girl and guy were trying to get this other guy horny and when he did they pulled a gun on him. Maeby (Arrested Development) was outside a window of the building on a high storey, attached to the inside door. If someone opened the door, she would be killed. A lady tried to open it, but she couldn't. Maeby slid into this thing, so the cord wouldn't be as short and therefore wouldn't cause her to be killed. Ezra was confused about what she did (it was something that she wouldn't have been able to do in real life). There was some experiment, where these people had guy a big hole and there was lots of sand next to it. Something changed the reality and now Germans had dug a bigger hole. The reality kept changing. Some of the new realities included Alejandro being there, our postcode was 6064 and other random stuff. There was some alien disease. It was like the Hex virus from Red Dwarf and I was thinking 'Rimmer!'. I was also watching some Red Dwarf thing. Cat was on it, but I didn't recognize him or any of the others, except for Rimmer. In this reality, I had met Chris Barrie. There was a book by someone which said that The Beatles were their favourite band. There was a shiny spot in the book, which had Jared Padalecki written in it.