I was watching an episode of The Twilight Zone or something. There was a small town and not many people were around as there was something that stopped them from leaving. It was night. This guy worked at a shop and this thing only allowed him a certain number of customers and he let an extra customer in and he said he was worried about this "tailor" coming. This lady came to town and walked into a house which had its door open and then walked out, and this wasn't allowed at night. She went into the shop and the guy said "I'm sorry, I'm sorry" and asked if she was the tailor and she said she didn't know what he was talking about. Then the tailor came and it was this short and ugly guy and he had lots of rings on. The woman stood with her face to the door and tried to leave quietly as the tailor killed the shop owner. He saw her and went after her. All the other residents of the town and her were running up the street to get away. Then I was the woman. He was shooting at us. There was a big circular ramp thing, which we had to run up and jump over this fence into our backyard, then into the pool and we would be back in reality. I couldn't be bothered running up the ramp so I jumped up to the top of it. I got over along with this girl and a guy. I dove into the pool and when I came up, no-one was around and it was day. Then the girl was there. I went inside and had a suspicion that she was the tailor. She was facing away from me and she turned around and had his face, but still her body and her hair (which looked funny). He turned to his normal form and he was going to kill me but I suggested we work together. He said "So you tell everyone" and I said "No! Well, yeah". I explained that I would tell people about all the myths and things that would make him appear. As an example I mentioned Bloody Mary and said "kids do it" and he said "I do [kill] kids too" thoughtfully and I said "there you go!". He took me up on the offer. The girl whose body he had taken over was in the games room. He grabbed the vacuum and put it on her vagina on high, to kill her. She was screaming. Later we were outside a house and this lady gave us this golden bowl, which was one of the myth things that the tailor could use. I said "I know the perfect person for it" and he said "that Rebekah girl?" and I said yeah. I remembered that earlier in the town, I had mentioned that I hated Rebekah. Later I went home, which was now different. I had a bunk bed. My 'sister' (she was a young adult) usually slept on the top bunk, but she was away. The tailor now looked like Rimmer (Red Dwarf and he looked season one/two-ish) and he said that he looked how I wanted him to look and I was thinking "you got that right!". He still had the rings on though and I really hoped he would take them off. He took the top bunk. I also had a brother who was around the same age as the sister. He came back and was not happy about the guy staying there. I was at a table and reading a magazine. There was a picture of David Tennant but it looked like Callum Blue at first. Then I was watching Ugly Betty. There was a flashback of last season and Gio and Henry were with Betty at a gym/yoga place and were waiting for her to make her decision and they both were knocked out. At the start of the new season, Betty was now missing. Her sister, who was different and pretty, went to the gym place and asked if Sookie worked there. They said yes. Henry saw her and asked if Betty had chosen. Gio stood up and the sister said "Gio!" and they hugged and kissed. Betty had now been the woman in the town and had died and Sookie (True Blood) was in her body. Back at the house, Sookie was lying in the bottom bunk. She had no shirt on and her bra was lifted up. In the kitchen, the tailor was wearing her shirt and teasing her brother. Then I, except I was someone else, was walking through this forest, at night, which had wires everywhere. I ended up at this house, which also had wires everywhere. The lights were off and it was dark. I noticed there was no furniture in the house and realized it was a surprise party for me. I turned into the next room and they yelled "Surprise!" and turned the lights on. I was getting married. There was a penguin, standing on a table, but it was actually a cake. I touched it and realized it was really solid.