Rimmer (Red Dwarf) won an auction to sleep with some virgin girl [I read something like that yesterday]. She liked him though and they stayed together for the weekend. He had told her that he was someone else, someone who was rich and powerful etc. Later, the Red Dwarf crew had to go to her and he had to go along as himself. When they saw each other he smiled sheepishly. Lister told her that he had lied, in a way that made Rimmer sound bad and Lister sound good, and she said "well at least he's good [in bed]". Then it was me with him. We had watched some stupid romantic comedy and we decided that it was 'our' movie. We went to a planet. Kryten said the scan showed that there was lots of doors and humans had come before to replace plastic sheets with doors. We were outside near a paddock thing and Rimmer was tapping a song on a wooden log, which was part of the paddock. He said it was a lullaby his father used to sing on Io. It sounded tingy, so I tapped the wood, but it wasn't as tingy. There were these magazines on the ground somewhere and one had Angelina Jolie on the front. It was from far in the future. I found a book and was like "Oh my God!" and it had a family tree with me and Rimmer at the top and all our descendants, who were mostly actors. Some of the names were purple, from having been previously clicked on as I had looked them up from movies and stuff before. I was completely amazed and couldn't believe I had looked them up before. We were trying to work out how it was possible that it existed and we decided that we must have gone to 1995 and started a life together [the timeline was different, so I wouldn't have been young then]. Then I was at a shop with Ezra. They had 24 stickers for a 24 sticker book. We didn't open them as we didn't know if they were any good. I was watching some teenage show and I was talking in a voice like in White Chicks and I did the laugh from it. I ended up opening the cards and there was one of Elisha Cuthbert and Kiefer Sutherland (who was young). There was a video on Youtube of this young girl, who was about six, talking about who she thought were the 10 hottest guys. One of them was Ted Bundy and I thought that it was odd for a young girl.