It was night and I was at home by myself. I was in the lounge room watching a movie/TV show. I turned on the lounge room and the dining room lights but they were really dim and I thought of reality checking but thought 'nah, it's not a dream'. I looked out the kitchen window and saw the back of a guy's head, who was sitting down outside. I jumped into the corner of the room, which also had a lot of mess and called Mom. I said there was a guy outside and I was freaking out. She said she'd be over when something was done and I could hear Darren talking in the background. From where I was sitting I could see cars coming down the street. The guy called out to me to turn the 'clicky' thing on (the TV). I called Mom again. I then pressed play and was watching the show. I kept calling Mom. I then thought I saw clothes poking out from the dining room wall, but I figured they were there before. Then they moved back. I heard someone in the kitchen and realized he was inside. I had trouble calling Mom so I text her. She said they were finally coming. It was now daylight. I jumped out of the spot and went to go outside. I was worried about the guy locking the door. He came out of the kitchen and was balding strangely. I argued with him and grabbed him to pull him outside. He tried to let go. I remembered something like this happened before and they disappeared before Mom got here. I took him outside and Mom got there. I yelled at her because it had been like 12 hours and she said she didn't think anyone was here and I said "I told you there was a man outside!". The guy gradually turned into a young (20-ish) girl and he explained that he was some creature which ate electricity. Some more of them came out of the neighbour's house. He said we were in an alternate universe where everyone knew about them. He said he tried to make up for scaring me by washing some clothes and making dinner. He also said that people would marry them and they had to turn into them. Then I was watching Red Dwarf, but then at the shops. Lister had disappeared in the last episode. Some guy was walking around with a hood on and it was Lister. He didn't remember anyone and I was thinking 'they've done that enough times'. There was some food that Rimmer had created there. It was gross and it had his face on it. He tried some and spat it out in disgust. They started chasing each other around and Rimmer and I found an entry to some room. There was a picture or something of 'Dave Lister' and something and someone coloured it in stupidly. He then chased us. Then it was Kenny vs Spenny. Spenny was trying to finish it. This girl he liked went to Savannah [someone went to Savannah in an episode of One Tree Hill I watched last night] but had died. He ran down a hall and then Kenny finished it. There was a room with the girl Spenny liked and some others and Kenny was using them as puppets. He said that it wasn't funny. She wasn't really dead. Kenny kissed her and she laughed and said "ew" but then continued kissing him.