I think this dream carried on from the last one (there had been zombies). There was a picture, except it was a video of the Red Dwarf cast and I was painting over it with white, leaving only Chris Barrie and Norman Lovett's face. We were outside a house. A car was coming. People would look for people who were under 18 as they didn't like them out after a certain time. I was 18. We all ran back inside, but they saw us and called us out. Three of the people I was with were under 18, but they thought that we were younger and so took us. I had to go in the car with the leader. I asked why I had to go and he said he was going to be my boyfriend and I said "I already have one, I'm married". He dropped me off at home with food and said he would be back. The phone didn't work. The lights in my room weren't working either. The house was clean and we had a computer in the house that kept it clean. I ended up in a building trying to send a video message to James Lafferty, who was my boyfriend again, to help me. The guy who owned the building though was dodgy and he called me Ackles and I thought 'I'm not going out with Jensen Ackles' and because of this I realized he was bad. He said "good try". I ran from there and got outside. Then it was sometimes a TV show. There was an accident outside. A parcel was let out. I found an underground place looking for James. There was a game and I had to climb up a ladder and couldn't fall in the lava underneath and then I had to go through the door. I eventually did it and had to go over the same tiles as the guy in front of me. I didn't, but I passed anyway. Then a friend of mine owned some place and gave me a 'bed' which was actually a lounge and had a cow print like pattern, which reminded me of my bed at Mom's. The guy who had captured me before had a room across from my lounge though. There was a big area full of chairs (mine was there too) and there a couple of actual rooms on the side but they were expensive and hard to get. I went to see someone I knew and I said "I'm 18". Then something was happening and supposedly everyone was going to be there so I was going to go to find James.