We were going to a cinema. Ezra had been driving really fast and went through a wire fence and I said "this isn't GTA". We parked in this dodgy place in the bush. There was a fence around that and we found holes in the electric fence and got to the cinema. We had brought water with us but it was half empty. It was almost time for the movie to start. I went to buy snacks but Dad went somewhere and I said he has the money so I went to him and asked. He gave me a $20 note (but later it was a $90 note) and wanted a Yorkshire pudding and instructions of heating it. I ordered myself a water bottle. I had to hold bottles for Dad and Ezra too and they didn't carry much. Some lady told us to put our right index finger on our forehead sideways to see who was stupid. It was a Red Dwarf joke and she said that people who couldn't do it would get holowhipped. Dad and Ezra were then wearing red and green costumes, respectively, from The Dark Knight and I said that it was lame that people were dressing up. I saw a bunch of people going into a cinema so I followed them. It was number 26, which happened to be playing the same movie we were seeing. It was really fancy. The lights went dim and off as we went in. Dad sat next to some person dressed as a furry animal. It was packed and only a few lone chairs were spare. Ezra and I sat a few seats behind him. I gave Ezra his Coke. My water was in a red sports drink bottle and I took a drink but it was a disgusting juice and I almost vomited. I couldn't find water anywhere. I took Dad's drink and took a drink but it was something gross as well. On the screen, a short film of The Importance of Being Earnest was playing. I was then driving down the hill on our street. I had had a few drinks and ended up crashing the car. I was with Mom. I was then at home. I was on the phone to a cop and I was upset. The guy tried to calm me. They then came over. They made me take a breathalyzer and I had to take big breaths. It said I'd only had one drink but this was due to time wearing it off. They tested this red jacket that was in the car and it said I'd had four drinks, but I'd actually had two. I thought you only got in trouble if it was over the limit (I wasn't). Later I was in bed at Mom's, which was different, with some guy and we were making out and I was thinking he was the cop from before but he looked different. There were some bunnies at the front door and I was putting them in a cage.