I was at school. This lady decided to take us for a drive while dropping Elijah off at his house. Bradley and Theodore were also in the car. After she dropped Elijah off, she asked if I wanted to go home so I told her to go behind North Midvale and she thought it was far away. Bradley went to sleep with his head on my arm, I tried to move it but decided to leave him, so I tried to take a photo but I couldn't position my phone properly. She went to drop Theodore off and made me, Bradley and some people go in. She made this girl called Alice, who was then me, pretend to be a scientist and Bradley went off to be an assistant. There was a balloon outside this classroom. The building was round and so just outside the classroom was a round outside area where the balloon was. These people were supposed to tell me what colour it went by doing certain things to this thing inside. It went green by leaving it and smelled bad. It went yellow/gold with these things in little cardboard boxes. This girl burnt the next one which screwed it up and we had to start again. I then left, but got lost. I found this colourful little playground and I took a photo of it. I then tried to find my way out. Eventually I ended up back at the playground and noticed a gigantic one next to it. Jamison had his head through a hole in the playground. I thought we had been there before. It had a cool waterslide. We all kept going on it and Dad and Ezra were there too. Then I was there with the school. There were photos of us. Bradley was acting weird and supposedly liked me. I couldn't find my shoes. I had taken them off at one point. I asked a lady if she had seen them. Then I had no shirt on. This person had my Beatles shirt so I put it on while I sat on some stairs. I went to the place again at a later time and got a locker. At the end of my trip there I was packing stuff and putting things in certain boxes. I was going out with someone and packing for them too -- shampoo, hair dye etc. Mom was there and was helping me pack.