I was watching some show. Kyle MacLachlan was in it as a detective guy. He discovered the murders weren't by people so he left. There was an ugly girl character and it was her 17th birthday. Her parents made her stay in her room. She was lying in bed and turned up her music. It was night. She asked for someone to join her. There was a tree at the window. The roots came in and said "can I come in?" and then it shoved its roots through her and she ended up at the roof and she died. Later I was in a field with some guy. There were a few houses and he thought this one we were near housed the bad guys. I thought it was the other one and there was something about Henry DeTamble (The Time Traveler's Wife book) living there or something. We went there. Then this girl and I snuck in a hole behind a bar in the house. The people were in the same room and were saying that he shouldn't have taken notes of some scores from 1969. There was a guy and a girl. One of us made a noise and they heard us. The girl grabbed a bottle as a weapon, but when she saw us she just laughed. We came out. I don't know what happened then, but they gave us a drink of water. I was suspicious of the drink so didn't drink it, but the girl I was with did. I asked her if she was sleepy, but she fell back and I grabbed her but then she was Tigger. I was then trying to escape with Tigger. There were two different ways to run. One took longer to get to exit and had guards, but I chose that one. As I ran past, the 'camera' turned to them and one said "why do they always choose this way?". I got to the exit and put Tigger down because she was annoyed and she walked back the other way, so I went back to get her. I took a car and started driving. I was going fast and couldn't control it. I decided to pull over and this other car was pulled over already so I had to drive a little further. There were three kids and one was called Haley and she was homeless and asked if she could go with me and I said yeah. The streets were surrounded by trees. There was a sign in German or something. Then I was at home and we were getting ready to go to Mom's. This guy was there and we freaked because he was the bad guy and he said we had to stay with him.