It was Friday and we got up ready for school. The day before were at Mom's. I answered the door saying "I like chickens". This serious Spanish-like guy was there to get money off Mom because Dad had borrowed a stolen car because he had been in an accident in his car. Some time later my car was in the garage but it was there sideways underneath the roller door. Ezra was in the passenger seat and made it go forward and then back and I told him not to. I wondered how it got there. Dad closed the door but then it was inside the garage normally. I sat in the front and Ezra was in the back. It was then a convertible and the top was down, but part of it was sticking up. I was wondering why we weren't taking the work van, but remembered it was Monday. It drove really smoothly. I asked Dad to leave the cars out of the way so I could go for a drive later. Some dude took the stolen car as we left. We got to school but it was 7.49am, which was late and Dad drove through this park and went in this really dodgy way to get there, but it was totally different. I then remembered I wasn't going today and Dad said he'd drop me off at Mom's afterwards because he had stuff to do. I asked why he didn't tell me I wasn't going earlier. As we drove back through the school I saw people walking in. I saw Alejandro, Bradley, Darius and Evelyn. I looked for Eugene but remembered he came from a different way. Instead of going to Mom's, we ended up in this dodgy, grey city. There were a lot of high roads and tall grey buildings and was really creepy. I asked where we were. There was no good music on, so I checked the old music stations and Maybellene was playing. I sang along to "oh Maybellene" and then said "I can't believe I didn't know Chuck Berry was black" and Dad replied "I don't see what's so great about blacks". I sang along again to "Maybellene, why can't you be true, oh Maybellene". The Angels Listened In also played along with this other really catchy song. We went to a car yard place to get dads car. He gave the lady at the entrance booth a receipt.