I was sitting outside the front of a house. It was empty, and it was surrounded by a fence, except for the side with the driveway, which was on the left side of the house (if you were looking at it). I had my bag and it was fully of sandwiches which were moldy. I was taking them out and I had two good sandwiches in there but they weren't wrapped so I decided not to eat them. I had a huge pile of moldy sandwiches next to me. Teacher-M-08 walked past the house (the side with no fence) and I quickly got up and tried to leave. He had this ability to 'glamour' which meant he could control you. It was a form of population control. We were in a desert like area, but there was a grassy oval up a hill just across the road from the house. The area was surrounded by a track and this train cart thing would go all the way around it. Some times an 'alarm' was sounded and everyone would then try to get on. If you got on it would suddenly go really fast at the end, but if you made it you were safe and could glamour. People would also try to get on if others were trying to glamour them. I started walking towards the oval. I was standing next to two teenagers. Teacher-M-08 was watching me and was told to glamour one of us. We started running to the track. There was a hill with step like things that you had to run up, to get to the track and it seemed like it was pushing you back, and it was really difficult. I got onto it but it went too fast and I fell off. Then it was a movie or something. This boy got hurt on it and was at some authority's house while he was healing. Teacher-M-08 was outside but the windows were tinted and you couldn't glamour through the tint. Teacher-M-08 told him he was "forever immortal". There was a track inside the house. The boy asked this lady what happened at the end and she said "you end up in hospital". It was rigged at the end, so no-one ever got to it. The kid was determined to get to the end though and he did. Somehow he was alright and was now able to make people into these faded images and the glamourers were confused and couldn't glamour them. Now, everyone could do what they wanted. These two girls were hugging. One stopped and said she liked men and only went to "her kind" when she was desperate. The boy was now older and was sitting back and he could do whatever he wanted.