I was Mom's, which was different. Ezra wanted to go on my computer to play some game, so I created a new account. I had torrents downloading and four of them were 1gb and we only had 800mb to last the week. This game I played you had to run across the country? It was linked to Runescape after you did a quest. I got into a war and the army was weak but it won and I got points in some skills. Mom was taking me home, when we got to the street before home she decided to walk to the deli. The street was a bit shorter. Lydia drove past and asked if we wanted a lift and then drove off before we could answer. She came back and we said yes. Then Ezra and Fatima were there. He asked what Fatima's name was and mentioned that she wanted to change it. We finished at the deli and they had left so we had to walk. We got to Princess Road and there was work going on at the shops and on the road. This guy said he'd set us up in this four room motel as there was a tornado supposed to be coming. I said to Mom that I'd woken up that morning thinking I was going to die. She didn't believe me. He mentioned big waves. I was like 'I'm going to die!' and then he said everyone had gone to some school so I took off to go there. Mom said not to because only one person had mentioned it (and so it might not be true) and it reminded me of something I had read or watched. I don't know where we ended up, but I saw a tornado forming in the distance. I was freaking out. Then there were waves. We ended up under this gazebo and people were strewn about underneath it. Another one was coming up and Mom and I wrapped ourselves around a leg of the gazebo. The wave was huge. Then it was a game and I paused it. You could choose what you remembered about the wave and I chose not to remember anything. There was another wave and then it was some giant guy. Someone knocked him over with a spring and then Hancock (Hancock) was kicking him. I said to Mom "Hancock's a good movie by the way". Also we were at a shop at some point and there were lots of diaries of Nana's. I saw one from "1991 January 25". There was a little conversation on how she discovered I was born and the name was Jessica. I didn't have time to work out what it meant.