I was at Calvin's house which was big. It was night. His mother, who was a woman with curly red hair was in the kitchen and was talking to me. She said if I stayed balanced for ten seconds she would give me something, but I couldn't and we laughed. She suggested I stay the night and left the room. Mom was waiting for me outside. I saw her leaving and ran out. She drove back around to the door (the front of the house was like Nana's). Calvin came out. Ms Solomon was arguing with his him and his mother so he decided to stay at our place. He tried to get in the car, but Mom thought he was already in and drove off. I started laughing, so hard I couldn't breathe and I couldn't say he'd been left behind. Mom did some weird noise and then said a joke to Ezra and Calvin and she realized that he wasn't there and went back for him. I was watching TV and they had an ad for 'You Don't Know Jack' and Jack Nance was laughing and talking and I said that he sounded different. There was some lesbian show on. There was a transvestite too and some guy was talking to her about whether to make the bad guys on his new show black so as to vary the 'culture' or not. This guy was getting "exulted" because of his legs being shown. I was then at Nana's and it was day. Mom and Darren were there though. Sometimes it was their house. I was packing stuff up to go home and I had to go back inside to get my bra and water bottle. Darren left to do something. I went through the front door and the dining room had a thing that covered most of the door to the kitchen and you had to slide under but there wasn't much room. The door at the end of the hall was the same to I went back out and told Mom I couldn't get in the house. I went around to the garage thing and opened the door to the house, which had more doors inside. There was this creepy girl with curly hair about three doors in (they had little windows on them) and she was staring at me. I saw this creepy boy outside and I told Mom to get in and pulled her inside and locked the door. The kid hit the door and Mom was like 'there's nothing wrong with him, he just wants to play' etc. Darren got back and shot him with a special gun, except now he was a girl. Darren said some cop would be here soon and the girl had 24 minutes to live and I thought he meant until she was infected and turned into a zombie, so I shot her 28 times before realizing he meant that she could still be saved in the 24 minutes and I apologized but no-one seemed to care. The girl inside was now up the second door and was snarling.