Mom and Ezra were going to Bali. Mom left without Ezra though. So later, Dad and I went to do something. Then Dad went back and I went clothes shopping with a girl friend. There were some purple dresses and she tried to get me one and there was some joke about someone's parties and John Lennon. Then I went back but I went with Ezra. We were on a plane and there weren't many people in the plane. There was like two rows of seven seats each. We slept. Then there were zombies and I was in a shop with some guy. There were kids there and were climbing up the chocolate shelf and the zombies were pushing them forward and we were jumping from the shelves. There were lots of people running past. I decided to leave because there were heaps. This girl got punched in the face (by me or otherwise, I don't remember). I managed to get out. Then it was a movie we were watching. The zombies were still in the shop. They pretended to get a food plate, to fit in with the people and I complained that they weren't supposed to be smart. One got its head sliced off but it was still ok. Someone explained the zombies visited each other and got 10 points for chopping a head off. The plane was full now. We were watching Saw 5, but then it was something else. This guy on the plane liked a girl in the movie and he put his hands over his pants. Then I was with Dad and Ezra in a car and it was night. It was ages after zombies and everything was deserted. We stopped at a petrol station because Dad needed to pee, but some people showed up. The car had 8ZE as part of its number plate and I thought it was Eugene, but it wasn't. I told him not to leave us because we'd die. This guy with a mace came to the car and was about to smash the window but we drove away, but now I was driving. The guy ended up electrocuting himself in a tunnel. Then I was walking, during the day, on a boardwalk on a beach. There were a couple of shops around. The bad guys found me and I attempted to bleed in an attempt to attract Edward (Twilight movie) to help me, but I was a vampire and so couldn't. So I yelled out "Edward!". Then I was Bella (Twilight book). Edward was near and he heard me the second time. Also, some time before I was at a restaurant and we were eating this really nice lobster. This Asian dude held up the store. I put my phone down my pants. Then I had gone in the past and replaced my phone with a gun. They then didn't have guns and I aimed the gun at him and he tried to escape.