I'm at Sue S's house, helping get ready for a Training - it's also the Center. We've had our meeting and cleaning up but people keep coming for other things. The room has been set before but changed - by Sue and somebody, I think - now it's not all straight but nearly. I'm looking in a corner at a small tree and there's a bit of branch with some root attached I want to throw out but, it's attached to the other root system and I'm not sure I should. I try to find somebody to ask and they're all too busy. I see a mother and her 2 daughters have come - both girls dressed in green jumpers, white blouses, school uniforms - Oxfords - one girl has red hair. They're being taught to use the phone. I'm kinda pissed off because I can't get my questions answered, but the branch has come loose from the rest anyway. I put it down and go into the living room. I know this room is usually lived-in and not part of the Center, but sometimes it's used. I go to the front door - maybe just to see, but I think I open it at a knock, somebody comes in. I'm on the porch, and suddenly I'm swept off my feet by somebody. Turns out to be Dan, who doesn't do that sort of thing. I get crushed and carried back to the classroom. We lie down facing each other, propped on elbows - he's elated, so happy and excited he could burst. I notice he's wearing a skirt - a jeans-type skirt, I wonder if it's some new fashion for men, when I see he's wearing a blonde curly wig. I ask him if anybody knows he's dressed like that - he says no, this is the first time - and he's going to dress like this on his camping trip with Lynn, and sleep in a "funereal" box. I let that pass for a moment and then say, "Dan did you mean to say 'funereal' box or [something else that rhymes, but it's not coming to me now]?" He looks taken aback and says "I thought I said [__} - gee, they sure do sound alike, don't they?" Silence for a while. Then Mark crosses my mind, and I think of AIDS, and I ask Dan if he ever... and he says no. I'm relieved but still worried and unsure. I'm driving a car with Lou in the front seat and Garrett in the back, coming up to a place downtown that you have to turn left or right. I get in the lane to turn left. Luis is getting out here and abruptly leaves without saying goodbye or anything. I remark on this to Gail, and turn left.