I was at home, out the back and these kittens kept coming inside. I would get one back out, but then another would come in. There were three black ones. I went inside and locked up and then saw Tigger swimming in the pool. I unlocked it and ran to her, but I couldn't grab her and I accidentally pushed her under. I tried to dive in, but I couldn't (I was like, floating upside down), so I swam under and she was at the bottom. I grabbed her and pushed her out the top. I got out and the pool tasted like Vital Green and I had some yellow sliver of slime on my leg. I put her inside and Ezra came and gave her a pat. I realized I was thirsty (I was in real life too) and got a drink. I noticed I had some dreams on the bench, so I grabbed them. There was an old envelope of mine and I opened it and there was a brand new, crispy $50 note in it. Dad mentioned a new Keanu Reeves movie called "Klaatu" coming out and I said "Klaatu barada nikto, I've seen the original, I'm not interested in the remake". I went to my laptop and I had a weird movie playing. The USB was plugged in and had random stuff on it. I had a 4.5gb ISO with Crash Palace on it. I didn't know what it was at first, but I played it and realized and was pretty excited about it. I decided to finish watching The English Patient. Then I decided to go to the shop. I walked there and only brought my water. I was wearing a tight-ish girl like shirt that was almost navy blue. I was near some girls in the shop and these other people came and they owned some alternative clothes shop, with clothes that no-one would wear and there were quite a few scattered throughout the shop, and dissed our clothes. I was walking down the same way they were and they said to be that "it must be embarrassing walking around wearing that" and I shouted "it must be embarrassing walking around with that face!". I walked back and went into this shop. It had a small entrance and this old lady was going in too, so I stopped and let her go first. When you first got in, there was a shelf full of DVD's. There were DVD's for Thank God You're Here and they had Shaun Micallef on the front, which I thought was odd since he was a guest star. There were DVD's for Lost, but they were in CD cases and the covers were boring. They had strips, the top one had Locke and the rest had the episode titles. There were four episodes per one. Point Break and another Keanu Reeves movie were on the shelf. There were a few other movies which I had decided to download last night. Across from that, were the video games. I was looking at them. This lady was following me around, watching. I had gotten a pack of little Easter eggs and was eating them. I had a plastic bag, that I was keeping them in. I realized I had forgotten my wallet and my phone. This business like lady was next to me, and I thought she was a vampire. She had dark red lipstick on and a black bag. I was going to ask her if I could use her phone but I decided not to. I asked the lady who was following me, since she worked there and told her I'd forgotten my phone and wallet. She brought me to a counter. They went on the computer and asked for my "Netpay" number. I said I didn't know what they were talking about, although I assumed it was something you get when you have a job, are over 18 etc. They said they had to make sure I could pay for the call. I saw the prices for some of them and it said "1 x 9.05" ($9.05 for one minute) and it was like $400 for a 30 minute call. I told them again I didn't know what they were talking about and that I'd just finished year 12 and was going to the Technical College/university next year (and therefore wasn't working or over 18). I got really upset saying that I only needed to call Mom so she can bring money because I ate one of the Easter eggs, which I ate because "I haven't had chocolate for ages". They said that they wouldn't let me go until I paid and I started shouting saying I needed to call Mom to be able to pay and that I just wanted to go home and finish watching "a movie with Ralph Fiennes". A bus pulled up full of old women, and Mom came in after them. She was wearing makeup and looked really gross. She came in and was sorting it out. I went to take the eggs out of the bag but it fell apart and they went everywhere. They said not to worry and I grabbed my water bottle from the counter. I was crying and said that "I'm never coming here again!" and I was thinking that I was never going to go the shop on my own again either. I woke up with tears in my eyes too.