I was watching a movie called Dog Wars, sometimes it was real. It was night. These people were taken on a boat to a creepy dark place. They had a young girl who looked like Conchita Campbell and the bad guys took her away from them. I don't know what they did with everyone else. I was in a workshop like building in the middle of the bush. First I was alone in there with Robert Downey Jr. I had known him for a while and I was going out with Eugene. He had his shirt off and was trying to convince me to be with him instead. I went to the door to leave, but it was locked. He put his arm around me and kissed me. I pulled away, but his grip was tight, so I rested my head on his chest and couldn't decide what to do. Then there were these two guys in there and they had caught me and were watching me. I had been talking to them and they were hesitant about giving me up. Another bad guy was coming to check on them, so I rolled under this bed that was now there. He came in and asked one of the guys who'd he'd been with. He pointed to Robert, who was lying on a lounge, and said him. Robert smiled and battered his eyelids at him. It was then becoming daylight and the bad guys began running around madly, with fangs sticking out. I realized they were vampires and they were hissing and trying to get underground before the sun was all the way up. Conchita Campbell was under there and was now a vampire. She had dark hair and lips. She found out something about what they did to the others she was with, and she got angry and left. One of the head vampires pressed a button released all these monsters to capture or maybe kill the people there (including me). Conchita found it and turned it off, but it actually just released more. It was night time again. We made a trail leading them onto this boat. Most of them went into it and then we blew them up. A few strays were coming towards us. I had a lighter and I had to light this thing to get this monster coming towards me. I was too scared to use it and I was with a girl and she didn't know how to use the lighter, so I did it, but it was easy and I wasn't too close to the flame. We blew up the thing we were lighting up, but the monster backed away for a second and continued coming at us. It was only moving slowly as it was big. We were throwing stuff at it. It was then day and I was running down this street and I was trying to make cars hit it, but they swerved. I got to the end of the street and saw it walk up a driveway, into the garage. I quickly got around the corner and peeked around to see if it was coming. It came out and walked back the other way. I thought they were going to follow me somehow to find out where I lived, instead of just killing me now, so I walked down this other street. There was a park next to it. This guy called Wolf, who had a squishy face and looked like Sam Trammell, was there talking with some other guys. They had had two people in this swing at different times and both times they had escaped, so they suspected one of the bad guys was actually a 'spy'. They saw me and I had been another prisoner and escaped and they accused Wolf of being the spy. He showed them the swing and was proving to them that they had gotten out themselves. One of them then found sand under a nut on this metal bit, which meant it had been rigged by someone. I don't know if it was him though. I was reading the forum on IMDb later. Someone was asking some questions. One of them was that Wolf had said "yesterday my father didn't exist" and they wanted to know who his father was. A reply was that he was the guy "kissing Medusa" at the beginning of the movie and was turned to stone. The movie was made in 1994.