I, along with some others my age, had to do some Thank God You're Here type of thing. We were doing these interviews with Bill Clinton. He had a really strong accent and I could barely understand him. There were bright lights on us and there was a bit of an audience. I was really nervous. He asked a question and I said "huh?" and he repeated it and I thought it had something to do with driving and speed limits and the end was "what would you do?" and I didn't want to ask him to repeat again so I said "slow down", which would have been a good answer if I'd heard properly, but I hadn't, so they sort of gave up. I think I finished it, but I don't remember the rest. After we finished, we left. I ended up at this food place at the beach. Nana was there with some kids. There was water underneath the tables (like there were holes in the boardwalk). We followed Fido who was sniffing around, assuming he'd pick a safe one. A person had a tape of all the sketches we'd done and was showing Nana. There was one with a person who'd poke you and you had to say stuff. I looked under a curtain and saw feet. One that I was involved in was in a pet shop, and I was actually pretty funny in it. I thought the dogs were toys, but they weren't. At the end we did something else, but I can't remember. This guy had a mirror and made his shiny, which made mine black and I was trying to get the right surface back. At some point, Ezra, Mom and I were in a field like area. There was a shiny yellow creature and Ezra kept throwing it at me along with other stuff. I got upset and was saying "you're hurting it!". We went into a building and we had gone in there earlier disguised as workers of some sort to turn off an electric field. We were now turning it back on. I was crying and trying to wipe the tears off my face. We walked up the stairs and turned it on. Later, it was late and Mom and I went for a drive. We pulled over on the side of a short side street. It was dark and spooky so we locked our doors. There were towels. The lady came and Mom threw it into her car and she threw the money. It missed the window and went over the car and into a drain behind the car. The drain was on an angle and was big, so I reached in and managed to get it. The lady was amazed we had gotten it. We left and Mom was speeding and then she saw cops. She turned down a street and they came around another way. We drove into a shop and then back out onto the street. They were called to the shop, which distracted them, but we didn't realize and went back in, thinking they were coming back at us. We were knocking some clothes racks down trying to get out. Then I went in as a witness and they asked if the licence ended in "251" and I said no there was a 2 and a 3 and so they let us go.