I was watching the third movie of a Will Smith trilogy. He was in some red armour suit thing and I was like "It's Iron Man!" He was protecting a lighthouse from some creatures. He was like, the last man on Earth or something. It would pretty much mean the end of the world if the creatures got to the lighthouse. Then it was Eugene. We had been going out, but I was dead now. He was in the building and there were sleep tanks behind him. The people in them looked burnt. He was upset and couldn't be bothered about the creatures. As a last resort he could use this thing to go into space and hopefully find a planet to live on. First, he broke this big statue thing outside and there was a bright light which made the creatures obey him for 40 minutes. He ordered them to get this thing ready but didn't tell them what it was for. Later on, the creatures noticed cars driving around and realized he was tricking them and decided to rebel. Eugene was in the building still, talking to me saying he loved me and missed me etc. Then there was a flashback. I went into an elevator. The doors wouldn't close at first. Then they did but it wasn't moving and I thought something was wrong. I banged on the door yelling "Sandra!" and I wondered why I wasn't calling out 'Eugene'. It started getting hot in there. I had discovered the creatures were actually dodgy and so they were trying to kill me to 1) upset Eugene and 2) get rid of the evidence. I realized it was the creatures trying to kill me so I quickly set to work. I had a screw in my pocket, which was used as a screwdriver and used it to unscrew the screws off this metal plate in the wall. I remember unscrewing each screw and it getting hoter with each one. I was sweating and wiping the sweat off my forehead. I took out some papers out of an A4 size envelope and was putting them into another one. There were about four of the big envelopes and the papers were evidence against the creatures. I was moving them so they would get rid of what they thought was the evidence, and Eugene would get the actual evidence. There was also a small hole in the roof, which could only fit a few fingers. Then it cut to Eugene. I wanted to be alive and since they didn't show me die, I was worried I survived and I said "They can't bring me back to life!".