I was at a cinema with Eugene, who was my boyfriend. I got up and went to the counter and you could buy raffle tickets there. You had to guess what Dean (Supernatural) had mimed, if anything, in an episode. The proceeds went to charity. I bought one and then went back. There was a guy and a girl behind the counter. A few minutes later, I discovered I had won. The prize was a million dollar diamond ring. I didn't want to get it, but since I could sell it, I went to collect. I said to the guy behind the counter, "You can have it for $200". I went back and the rest of the cinema found out. Some congratulated me, and some were eyeing me and I was thinking they were going to steal it. We were walking down the steps outside and this guy was walking towards us. He had been hired to pickpocket it off me, but I thought he was dodgy so I took it out and swapped it with something. It later showed him holding a box of tampons (what he had stolen) and said "damn it!". We were then back in the cinema, which was empty and the checkout people were after me. Eugene grabbed me and took me down between the seats to hide. Some time later, we decided to leave the country as they weren't going to stop. I left Eugene with the real one and took a fake one with me. I drove out to a lake, with the people following me. I called him and asked if it was all ok and he said he had the real one "under the tree" (It was Christmas). The people were catching up to me and I was on a bridge. I drove the car off into the water. It sank pretty quickly and I was holding my breath. I said a code into the phone which blew off one of the doors. I then said another code and the other door blew off and then the car glided quickly away. I swam up under the bridge, and there wasn't much space to breathe (I could pretty much fit my nose and barely my mouth). The person was nearby, as I could see her on my mini map. I could read minds. I swam a little bit away from the bridge and came out of the water and I said something and she jumped in. Now she was the French woman from Lost. She just went straight underwater and didn't come up, and I didn't get what she was doing. Then I was watching Pushing Daisies and the woman knew she was in a dream. Ned realized and managed to get out of it. I was thinking that it wasn't a bad episode. They had been copying popular stories for most of the show instead of making real storylines. Mom had made me a baked bean toasted sandwich. I had a cat on my lap.