I was with this guy I liked, who was Sam (Supernatural). We were in a forest and we had to get a snake out of this cage to prove who had killed someone. The snake cage was about a meter long and half a meter high and was inside a bigger cage, at the top. The bigger cage was made of a softer mesh and had plants in it, through the mesh and on the ground. It was very green. Before we could get to the snake, we had to find and get this lizard which was in the big cage. We finally found the lizard and Sam said "go away monkey" and it leapt off the fence and bounded away into the forest (it was actually a monkey). He said that Sawyer (Lost) must've come in here during the night and swapped the lizard with a monkey. Sawyer was the main suspect. I wondered out loud what the lizard had to do with the snake. Sam didn't know either. The snake cage was now up higher. Before, it was just above our heads, now we had to climb up these oddly placed boards. I accidentally climbed onto a board away from the proper ones. The drop below was pretty far and I had to jump across and it was a bit of a jump. I managed to get half of myself onto and Sam pulled me onto it. The snake cage was now back to the height it was before and we were standing on the ground. The snake was sleeping, so Sam opened it, grabbed it and quickly threw it out of the bigger cage. He stared for a second and then told me to run. We started running through the forest and the snake was chasing us. Then it was third person view and Dean (Supernatural) was also there. My back started hurting and Sam stopped and made sure I was ok. I freaked out about the snake and ran off and through this dark patch of trees, which was also quite clear (the trees were thin) because I didn't want to go in the light. We were then in a building. Dean got a 'hunch' and walked off but then he was Sam. He had a vision and the building slowly faded away and looked like a dark forest. This dark lady with bulgy eyes in a dress started talking to him. Back in the building, he was saying stuff out loud from the vision. What he said gave away the identity of the killer. But, the building was now a police station and they had already arrested the bad guy. The lady from the vision was actually a cross-dresser or something and was the killer. Then Sam was someone else and they told the police to "check the panel van" as in the vision he had seen the killer kill a wife and a daughter and had left clues of it being from a snake to cover it up. Then the guy who had seen the vision was shaking his head and saying "I'm a cross dresser". He thought he was wearing the dress the lady had been wearing, but he wasn't. I was like 'ok...'. Then it was episode of Kenny vs. Spenny, although I only remember seeing Spenny. I wondered what the competition was.