I think a bunch of us were swimming. People kept dying. Someone would bring them to the shore. Sometimes it was a movie. This girl decided to bring this guy back to life. It cut to a few days later and he now looked old, say 50-60. It turned out if you brought them back to life they aged "5 years a day" (although he had been a teenager and it wasn't that long after). They were in a library and the girl was sitting down. Her father was pretending that he was his gay partner and he held his hand while they talked. I was thinking he was kind of hot, but mainly his personality. It was then a shop. I was there with some friends, including the guy. I worked there and I put some stuff on a counter and asked Autumn to look after it, but this guy went there and I said "No, I asked Autumn" but left. I wasn't wearing a bra so went to the aisle where I'd hidden it, which was in which the multiple power socket board things and grabbed one of them too and some other stuff. A lady there said "Yeah, get your bra". I went to an aisle near my counter to get changed. I moved two of the aisles into a V shape so no-one could see. This guy wandered into it though and grabbed the cord of the power board. I grabbed the socket end and starting hitting him in the face with it. Eventually he left. I was then standing with some friends, behind a guy on a computer. Someone asked me something to answer with and I said "I like pretty chicken". This guy thought it was hilarious and that 'pretty' sounded so "female". I said it must be because I have had Pretty Rave Girl stuck in my head. As I said it, I realized the guy on the computer, who was on Windows Media Player, had Pretty Rave Girl at the top of his playlist. A while later I was looking for something and the aisles had changed. A group of guys started following me on the other side of the aisles. They ended up cornering me and started attacking me (trying to take my clothes off and stuff). I yelled out a guy friend's name, which started with an 'S'. I was kicking and fighting and other people joined in too. I got away from them and we caught them. We had them tied up at two ends of the store, outside. The outside of the store, was actually outside. We were sitting under a tree with 6 of the guys and the other two were alone at the other end. One of those guys ran off, but we let him go. This lady came to us and she was really dodgy looking. She had black hair, black eye makeup and a weird accent. She asked to sit with us and if we let her she'd give us this oddly shaped banana. A guy friend took it and I shook my head at him as I thought there was a gun in it. I never found out if there was. She made us play this game, which played out live. It was very nice looking. You started on this ship thing which was on an island. I went into this building straight ahead of it. You fought monsters, collected gold and got experience etc. I was searching around for a while and I eventually got to a 'boss' fight. I had to fight a bunch of people. I killed them all and they dropped a special sword. I had to join it to this thin blue sword thing, which I found in a room in the building I was in. I joined them and it became useable. Lots of the people playing were dead at this point, including the girl who had invited us to play. Three of us were left now. I had a pretty high score, but was coming second. My character had spiffy armour and cape etc, which was all black. After beating that, I started at the start again and decided to go down this path. There was a big house on the left side and there were a lot of trees and plants on either side of the path and was very green. The house was spooky, so I kept walking. I walked to the end, where there was a little square patch with rubble of a building that was once there.