I was watching a movie with Dad with was a low budget science fiction movie. This young explorer dude, who was ok looking, was in a desert like jungle. I don't know what the plot was. I was reading the trivia for it on IMDb and it said that he was the "former front man of Poison". I can't remember what it was name was, but it was three words. I asked Dad what it meant by 'former' as that would make him 16 when Poison was around, but this was right. The movie was made in the mid 90's. It turned out that Dad and Ezra knew him and he was still young. Then I was at 'school', on an oval wearing a cheerleading outfit, which looked like the Christmas outfit on Runescape. I was walking across to leave and wondering why I was doing cheerleading. I remembered it was because I hadn't done something else and so had to this instead. I was waiting in an undercover area near a carpark. Eugene was there. He said "Mom" and proceeded to talk to this woman with short, blonde hair and I got my phone out to take a photo of her, but silent wasn't on and as I turned it off, she walked off. She had a pram with a baby in it and I wondered what its name was. Dmitri poked his head around from the carpark. I walked across the carpark and was waiting on the other side looking for the Poison dude's car. Eventually he and Ezra came out, but the car was weird and I only had like 20cm to sit in, so he was going to come back and pick me up with a helicopter from the roof of my 'house' or building. So I wondered how I was supposed to get there. I got there somehow. I went inside and it now a game, probably Runescape. I clicked on the stairs to walk up and I got to the roof and said I could just teleport anywhere now (as I now had access to my bank and therefore my runes). We could decorate our roof, so he was checking all of them out. My building was called 'Hello' and had a word similar to hello with "fuching" in the middle of the word on the roof. Someone had an Invader Zim themed one. He said he liked mine. This dude on MSN called me "the sunlight llama". It was 2am. He tried to do webcam and/or microphone with me, so I put my status to offline. The Poison guy had to pick 7 out of 36 girls that he liked most and go on dates with them. I wasn't one of them, but he picked me.