I got a booklet in the mail as I'd signed up with some job site that sent alerts with what jobs were available. There was a job at Video Ezy in Innaloo and so I was going to call tomorrow about it. I was at home and it was late at night. Mom was there. We went to some place near the city. Daryl was there and he was talking to someone about how you can tell "what someone watches" or plays etc. They mentioned Smallville and I said that I watched it and they looked at each other in surprise and then asked about Supernatural and I said I watched that too and then some Anime thing and I said no and they nodded expectantly. They asked about something and I said "yeah, I mean Pet Society" and I said I didn't play it anymore. I told Mom we'd met ages ago -- when we were teenagers. I didn't know when that was though, and wondered why I said teenagers, since we were still teenagers and I got him confused with someone. In the distance, I saw a fire. It actually turned out to be close and was coming closer. We were then in the car with Mom and she drove up this hill to get away and there was more fire up there. We drove around for a little while and Daryl grabbed my hand at one point and I tried to pull away but he wouldn't let go, so I just let him hold it. We were then standing outside on a street. Lightning was randomly hitting trees. Mom was judging when they were going to fall and we'd run. We got to this oval and there was a building on it. People were playing sport, and it was raining but no-one seemed to notice. We climbed up the stairs on the building and then Mom said it was going to clear up. Daryl said that in the class we had next, to sit next to him. Then I was in this class. Ezra was in it. We were on the computer and the teacher was yelling at us. I had heaps of $100 notes to look after. The tables were really small. I think the teacher had her name on the board and I said "your name's spelt wrong". An 'I' was missing, then a 'C'. She got me a bigger table as I couldn't fit properly into mine. Ezra had been sitting next to me, but it was now Emery. We had to some thing in pairs. I can't remember properly, but we had to jump from these crates in the water. There were eels in there. I fell in and was trying to get out to get away from the eels. Also, I had to some swimming thing in a pool. Dad was there. It had something to do with IB.