I was watching a movie. This guy had quizzes on weird things. One of the questions on one was "when did you first take pictures with an Aztec Camera [not the band]". I was at Mom's, which was different, and we were in a big room which didn't have much stuff in it. There was a doll house with Barbie's. It was night. Mom was telling a friend who was there, called Chantelle, that she used to hide drugs in Barbie's. Chantelle left and then another friend of Mom's came. She didn't let her in at first; worried she had the cops with her. She was black and naked. Darren was there too. There was a bunch of little things to add to a car, there was a clock etc, and I was going to put them on my side in Mom's car but she said to put them in my car. Ezra was there and we were starting our diet tomorrow. Mom had made or gotten chips and some other fatty thing and asked if I wanted chips and I said yes, she looked at me oddly and said 'you sure?' and I said that I might as well, it's the last night. I was then driving. It was day. At a set of lights, which was a huge area, there were people stopped even though it was green. There were a few different lane options once you went through the light and you had to pick which character you wanted to be (although nothing happened). I thought for a bit but then realized it didn't matter and chose the Santa lane. The road wasn't very clear and I went over a hill and crashed. These cops came and told me to get out. Then I heard 'Well I Wonder' on the radio. I thought that this had happened before and I had reset at a certain point. One of the cops was dark skinned and he said something to me and then it reset and they came again. I said "Now Barbarism Begins at Home will come on", then I realized I'd said the wrong song, but Well I Wonder came on and they thought I'd said the right thing. They didn't believe me, so as they were talking I was saying what they were saying and they realized I was telling the truth. My car was now a rusty old metal board and I didn't know how to stop the loop. Then I was somewhere else and Dad had a joke about Pretty Woman on his Facebook -- something like "he got the pretty, but what about the cake?". The 'cake' meant Julia Roberts and it meant she was really ugly. Then there was a poll on Richard Gere and you voted for how cool he was. Then I was watching The Dead Zone and Mary was in a car with another woman, who was naked and they were kissing each other and having sex. The other woman told her to stop because she was bored and Mary said she was just trying something new. Either she or I was walking outside these shops on the sidewalk with a gay friend. There was a religious building next to an anal sex place. A girl in the religious place was trying to hand out brochures.