I can't remember where I was, but zombies came and we were bashing them. I think we were in a small-ish shop. There were these gates at the counters, that were just up to waist level and I was trying to lock a zombie out but the lock wouldn't work. It would turn and click but the door could just be pushed open. Then there was me, a guy I liked and others and we were staying in this other shop which was weird. There was this underground place we were staying in there and it had lots of pipes and it was creepy. In the main part of the shop, we had found a few people. There was a group of young teenage boys and they were pale and sickly. The zombie thing started with "flu like symptoms" and so I suspected they had been bitten. There was a computer thing in the shop, which was touch screen, and it would scan the place for infections and the people without the infection would turn up as green squares and those infected were red. I let it scan and there were about the same amount of green as there were red. I told the people who had been bitten or were sick that we'd have to put them somewhere else. As we walked them there I was saying we'd check on them now and then and give them food, and that some would turn earlier than others but we couldn't let them out and that it would get 'smelly'. We walked into this short hall which had a door at the end, which led to a huge toilet (it looked a bit like a change room). I was with a guy and he went in to check it out and others were still coming in. One of them changed suddenly and was coming towards the door and I told my friend that he had five seconds to get out. He got out and I tried to lock the door, but it wouldn't lock again, so I ran down the hall and closed the door from the hall and the zombie was like "a closed door?", which he just threw open. I pulled off this metal pole from this bit of machinery I ran past and I was also holding another blunt instrument. I don't know what happened then. We were then in the underground part. This woman had made lots of rows of these ropes, lying horizontally and they were fairly long. About every meter, there was a vial or a bottle of some sort of liquid, usually blood from an infected person. She thought it would work as a vaccine. We had to walk or crawl along the side of the rope and drink the entire thing. I didn't want to drink the blood, thinking it would just cause the infection so I just took a sip out of the water bottle, which was the second last one and got out of it. Everyone else drank them. Someone mentioned Dustin Hoffman being in lots of movies. Later we were all sitting outside and they all looked healthy and I realized the vaccine must've worked. We had to leave there. I think we had this other small shop place. We were walking down a road and the houses were 'Indian' looking (or so I was thinking in the dream). They were poor looking and most didn't have windows (just holes) and were white and had pointy bits on the roof. The whole place was desert-y looking. There were houses and plants, but the plants were very dry looking. The road we were walking on was a main road and there was a road to the left just before the block the other shop was on. On the right was a lot of dry grass and one of those houses down a hill. I was holding onto some stretchy blue stuff that was connected to something on top of a hill (the road went up a hill). A car came with a few people in it and I let the stretchy stuff go a bit loose so I could rest it on the ground and when the car drove over it, it wouldn't snap. I don't know where the people went. I walked up the other shop, but the guy I liked, who was now a young-ish Chris Barrie, and Ezra stopped at this patch of sand before it. They had decided to leave the other shop and use this patch as a new house. I thought the house was underneath the sand. They had a pile of bricks covered in sand in the middle and I asked how we got in and they said we don't. They were making a shop and had been just sleeping outside. I was saying there was no way I was going to sleep outside. I was also starting to not feel well, and decided I wanted to take the vaccine but we couldn't go back. The bricks were painted (to make a picture of the front of a house or shop when put together) and were light blue and white. I stood up and saw a zombie on the road and put a fist up. Chris ran down to fight him. I threw a brick at the zombie but it just missed. He was fighting him and he fell. I yelled "Chris!" and then ran down. I grabbed a stick with fire on the end and lit the zombie on fire, and then I threw the stick onto the dead grass next to the road, which also caught fire. I helped Chris up and helped him walk back to Ezra. I saw more zombies coming and so we all ran through the alleys and into a house. It was dark inside and we went into this room which had a bed and a cupboard. There was a window facing the street, which had a curtain over it, but I could see through it, and I saw a motorbike and an open army-like car drive past (which were what we were hiding from).We were waiting for a call from this guy who could help us make something so I didn't get sick and I told Ezra to put it on silent, but then it vibrated and it was the guy calling. He asked if I had all these ingredients and I said I did and repeated all these things ending with '-una'.