I was at school, which was different, with Calvin and we were delivering boxes to the office. There was some carnival thing. Samantha asked us to go and I think I said no but later said to Ezra that we should've gone. Then I was at the carnival in the ball pit, which was big. Margarita was nearby, sitting on the sidelines and called out "Ugly!" to me and was asking people if they thought I was ugly. I yelled out back "Look who's talking you fat ugly cow" and everyone gasped and I said "Seriously, have you seen her face?" etc. They left me alone after that. Then I was playing with Bradley. We were either in a pool or the balls still, and he couldn't see (had a blindfold on I think) and he had to try and find me. I was backing away trying not to give my position away and trying not to squeal or laugh. Then there was some clown thing and a pool full of dead clowns. It showed underwater and they were all floating vertically. One of them had a finger that was almost decayed off from the rest of it. I was thinking of some of the scariest clowns (no actual real ones). This guy had to choose an option and this guy was supposed to help him. It was like a game, and every option limited your next one and what would happen to you. He decided to opt for Option A as he wanted Option B (I'm designating names so it's less confusing). If he opted for Option B first it wouldn't go as well. One way was a 'bad' way. The guy got him drunk and he forgot and chose the bad way (it was good for him at first, but later it wouldn't be). I think before this, he entered the evil realm. This fleshy skin coloured 'monster' (it was like a long, thin cylinder shape) shot out at his face and the guy grabbed it and pulled it off whatever it was attached to. People were discussing it later and saying he should've ripped this thing out from inside its 'mouth'. This guy who was helping him was actually from the evil realm and it was a joke on the other guy. He apologized to his leader and was going to leave because he was bad or something.