I went to 'school'. Mom decided it would be a good idea to send me to the 'boarding' option there. I said no and to pick me up like usual (she also wanted to pick me up from this carpark, which was like inside). I ended up going to it though and they put this metal collar around my neck which had my name and an assigned number on it. I couldn't work out how to get it off. There were two sets of steps, one on each side, leading to these seats (which were steps) on opposite sides of the room. In the middle was just a space for something. There weren't many people. I went up the left one and there was no-one on that side, there were a handful of people on the other one. It was quite dark in there and was underground like (very cement-y). This guy came to my side and sat across from me on the same step. Then this girl sat a few steps below me and said hello to me and I told her not to talk to me. She had been here (or somewhere) last year and we had fought because she was really annoying. It was then quite full and noisy. There was a young boy down at the sign-in area and it was his first year and he had to pull something out of this thing and he got this floppy shoe (a bad 'prize'). The girl continued annoying me and I said loudly "Leave me alone!" and she kept going so I attacked her. The main leader guy told me to stop and I said that this was the same as last year. He said they had found "foreign antibodies" in me and I said "you're saying this because I attacked her, she's a whore!". She had been flirting with the guy earlier. Then Mom and I visited her old house. They had kept it and went back now and then to keep it tidy etc, although I hadn't been back. I lay down in my bed and put my phone on charge. My blankets were a bit dusty. Then I fell asleep. I woke up later and it was a different place. Mom was on the phone asking about this song quiz she had studied for. I had some helpful stuff so I brought it to her. They were playing recorded calls for drug deals on the radio. One of them had Robbie Williams. We were driving. I was telling Mom about dreams and that you can become lucid because the windows don't have proper reflections and we passed a bunch of windows which looked painted like and I used them as an example.