I was at a two storey building/house. Each floor consisted of one large empty room. There was a party and lots of people. The host was a lady who looked like a lesbian. I can't remember it properly, but the lady took out a gun and everyone started running and screaming to get out, but she stopped the rest of us before I could get out. There were teachers there. I remember Ms Solomon and there was a 40 year old teacher lady who I also knew. I went upstairs with this girl, I'm not sure if I knew her. We were trying to escape. She took the fly wire off the window and climbed out onto this balcony, which went all the way around. I followed and put the fly wire back on. The 40 year old teacher lady was inside and we motioned for her to come out. This kept happening over and over. When it was the third or fourth time (only the girl and I remembered it happening again and again) we were all upstairs and the host lady was talking to us. I motioned to the teacher lady that the lady had a gun and made a shooting motion and told her to attack her. The teacher lady got the gun off her and said "is this a gun?" and the lady said "yes". The teacher said "it's not real" and aimed at the host lady and shot her in the head. The girl I was with and I were relieved and 'celebrating' and saying that was much quicker, but everyone else was shocked. I left and went to this shop and I had cereal for lunch. Nicolas was there and him and his mates called me fat, but were like 'see that girl over there, she's fat' etc. I said "look at those guys over there, aren't they ugly and retarded". They asked how many boxes of some food I'd eaten today and I got annoyed and said that I'd had one bowl of cereal and I kept stuttering. I mentioned I'd had one bowl in the morning and "one bowl now!". I also had had a mint slice later. I went to the toilet and there were lots of toilet bowls, but they were all different and scattered around the room and there weren't any doors, instead you put this thing on your lap to cover you. I went to this one I liked at the far end, but there was some brown liquid on it.