We were outside somewhere. There were monkeys and they were talking, but it was like a different language. They started getting angry and I went up on the stage in front of them and started singing "I like to sing-a, about the moon-a and the June-a and the spring-a" and they were happy and started clapping. The third time, I forgot the words but found a "mini-moose" version. The song started off differently to the actual song. There was a fence around this place near by and there was a dog in there. I was on the outside and needed to get in, but this dog was following me so I couldn't enter. There was a lizard at one end. Then I was watching Supernatural, except it was real life. I was running away from some bad people and it was night. There was a petrol station thing. I was then some girl and her clothes had been ripped off and this guy was on the floor with a big fluffy jacket. I took it and put it on. It went down to my feet and was very soft. The bad guys were coming in and held a gun to the guy behind the counter and sent this other guy to get something. I snuck outside and tried to get in this car, which was locked and then I went to this other car and opened the door, but I realized I had no key anyway. The guy heard me opening it and shot at me. I ducked and then he looked up behind me and was shooting. It was a big black cloud and I ran into the petrol station saying that I'd seen "the scariest thing". They asked what it was and I was going to say Cerebus [cloud on Lost] but this guy said it looked like the black cloud from Lost. I said "I don't know if I'm watching Lost or Supernatural" saying there were so many people in each one. Michael Emerson was in the petrol station and was near me and I pointed to him and said "he's in Lost". Then I was watching it again. People ran somewhere else. The door was locked and they banged on it. There was a reflection in this bin of the people and this guy got picked up by the cloud (although the cloud wasn't shown in the reflection) and thrown away. The people unlocked the door and they ran in and started running to get under these gates (it was in this mall type of shop, like the markets) as the gates were closing. A group of people were in there. Someone said this girl was respectable. Her mother thought this guy was Spanish and then English. I said they only think she's respectable because they were being attacked by monsters and she was wearing a long coat. And also wasn't talking about "clothes and hair". Then there was some Jack Bauer (24) set thing. There were cookies, at home, and Ezra was taking some. Dad was there too.