I'm travelling with a girlfriend who wants to find her mother (or her mother's grave - I think she knows she's dead). Also with us is Bill , and we're like detectives or something, though not partners, and we're going along to help her. I don't know where we started from exactly but one place we were was an amusement park and I was coming away from it, going toward the place I'll meet the others, on a residential street that's very muddy (or something that makes it difficult to cross). I want to have a look at this house although it's on the wrong side of the street, and it takes me a while to get there. I don't want anyone to see me looking, so I just look carefully and turn to go. Either I drop something or I'm afraid of dropping something here because I don't want to delay and possibly get caught here. No big deal, actually, I'm not doing anything wrong, but I'm uncomfortable about it. Anyway I get back across the street. Later we're in a motel room. Morgan's been doing things in the bathroom and the friend has gotten groceries. I've been thinking about our plan and waiting for Bill so I can get in the bathroom. When he does come out, I go in and see this odd sink and quite a lot of toiletries of Morgan's all over, and the "porcelain" (it's that molded stuff) wants rinsing off. The sink actually goes up behind the taps, and rises to a shelf to put things on, but it's slanted. I wonder how his bottles and things are staying up. Then, to rinse the sink, I splash water up there and find it flows neatly along the shelf and down. It's made to do that. Oh. And when I move a bottle or two and put them back, I see there's an air-suction slot in the wall behind. At first I thought all these things had magnets on, but they're being held by the air suction. I can feel it when I put my hand up there. Anyway I askMorgan if we're gonna plan our next move and he seems reluctant. Doesn't have any ideas and doesn't feel well, apparently, his main goal is to take care of himself. Later we're at a place outdoors with a bunch of other people, around a place like an open barn (or my px's old garage on Rosedale) and there's supposed to be a wedding but either it's been called off or postponed. It's more like a carnival, these people are just milling around. The reason we're here is we're trying to find someone who knows this girl's mother, (Shelley?). We're really just passing by. (Like "Route 66".) There was a wedding cake made in the size and shape of a wedding dress, only most of the cake's already been eaten. You can open up the outer icing like the "dress" it's meant to be, and get cake from inside. Nobody wanted to disturb the pretty outside. I go up to see if I can get a taste and a girl (blonde - the real bride?) says, there's some cake left (in such and such a place) - just look for it. Really I only do want a taste and I pinch a little bit of remnant from inside and find it's really pretty bland for a wedding cake. I surely don't want a whole piece. I go back to my friends, and the girl's been putting up pieces of zucchini on a board with magnets - like a display - several of them - just to amuse herself, I guess. The zucchini is cut long-ways, not sliced from the end. The people mill around, mostly saying "what's this for?" One guy, a regular loudmouth, sort of takes over and makes a show of doing something to destroy the zucchini - burning them, I guess. He's got everybody's attention, and they're all crowding around him to see what he's doing. My friend is quite hacked off and yells at him he'd better not do that or be prepared to replace her magnets.