There had been zombies or something. I was with a group of people and we were carefully wandering outside. We met up with two other small groups along the way. We were then at this zoo type place. This guy and I went for a walk and he showed me some stuff. As everything had been abandoned, some animals wandered around. There were quite a few wolves around and they ate the chickens. We walked past a monkey enclosure. The gardens and other flora around the zoo place were really pretty. We gathered some food and other stuff in a bag. The other two groups then had powers. There was a Yoda like creature sitting on top of a stick, which was standing vertically. It was asleep and then it woke up. It suggested we play some game with the stick. We were then in a building and there were beds in the building, but not many. We pulled out mattresses to a large room to all sleep together but we were then using the beds. My bed had a soft blanket with a picture of a white animal (tiger or something) on it. I originally took a double bed because I wanted to share with some guy I liked, but he got his own bed, so I took a single. The others turned on us. They took this helicopter but it crashed into the water. We ended up in the water too and the blades of the helicopter were still going and we were trying to swim away from them. The bag was in the water and it floated away and I figured we'd just get it later. Later I was in a car, driving with some guy. There were a few shops around, but also some park like places. There was a park thing we passed with really nice grass and I said that it was "really pretty grass". The next park thing had these big black rocks, and then there were a lot of them stacked on top of each other along the edge of this park. They looked like giant human skulls. I called Mom and Darren answered and I asked him to tell Mom to come and pick me up (I thought the guy I was with was dodgy). I didn't know where I was though and told him to tell Mom to call me when she got the message. Then I was in a small 'diving' shop (I thought it was a diving shop, I don't know if it was). I sort of knew the guy who was working there and I found out he had killed someone and had chucked them into this large body of water just outside. The cops came in and I think he or I snuck a towel into my bag, but they found it (they had been told I was stealing). I said I was buying stuff with it as I had no money. Then I was watching a movie, which explained the human skull rocks. The people in it were giants and they were all women and had no shirts on (possibly completely naked) and they were running, falling, fighting etc in slow motion, zooming in on their breasts often and I was annoyed at the amount of nudity.