I was at a school. I had been there once before but I came back now as a guy, under the name 'Robert Knepper'. Some people from Brookland were there. I had math next and I was looking on the map to find where the class was. I couldn't work it out and kept walking back and forwards before realizing where the class was. I also had drama and I was thinking I would go change that later. I got to the class and there was a guy teacher. I said I was new and my name was Robert and he checked on the roll and it said I had been there once before, and then had two days off. There weren't any seats by themselves so I sat at this long desk at the back, but it was around the corner and I couldn't see the board. There were two other new kids and they tried to sit there too. I moved it so I could see, but it was on an angle and no-one else could sit there. I was then watching Prison Break and T-Bag had a son, who was LJ. I was reading something that said T-Bag had lied in prison about having sex with guys in there etc, and that LJ knew he was pretending. Also, Sucre had sacrificed himself and drowned and in a replay or something, I was wondering what they were going to do with Sucre since he was dead. Then some others and I, the others mainly from Prison Break, including Bellick, T-Bag and Eugene, were on the run. We went to this shop, which someone said was Ikea. The place was flooding and it had also flooded. The exhibits were on high platforms, under cover, but the rest of it was low down and outside and that was all flooded, so we could swim over to the platforms. There was a huge aquatic monster under the water which was passed out. We were running to get out. People were also in there after us. We got to the outside and there was a big gate which was locked. There was a fence all the way around it, which had glass on one side of it too. There was a little garden all along the inside of the fence. I found a head of a statue in the garden and started smashing the glass with it, it just left cracks and wouldn't smash. Sucre's cousin was outside as a guard, with the keys. One of the guys with us asked him to unlock it and he refused and I pleaded with him and said there was a monster right behind us and he looked worried and unlocked it. We started running and there was a long stretch of garden before you got the main road and we saw a police car drive past. I said that that was the first time in a long time they haven't stopped for us. Eugene realized The Company was waiting for us (and had made the police stay away from us) and he ran another way and we all followed. We ended up on this huge house block and there were big trees around and a fence around it. Eugene ran out onto this path behind it and some guys with guns chased him. This girl that was with us shot one of the guys through the fence. I reached through the fence and took his phone and gun. His phone was old like and it wasn't in colour (it had that greenish background and the plain black text). I put it in my pocket and asked the girl how to use the gun. She asked what I did know and I said "I don't know, only what I've seen in the movies". I pulled the bullet part out and some of the bullets were like rolls of camera film, which meant they'd been used. She went off and I pulled out this roll and it had bullets of different sizes (and they were battery like) in it. This girl was studying a road map of the house to work out how big it was and how many people were likely to be waiting around and the best way to get out. We ended up back at the Ikea and T-Bag told us to wait at this certain point just outside and then he started counting down and then there was a big roar. He had woken up the monster and it reached over the fence (over another side, but we worked out what was going on) and was taking The Company people.