I was at Mom's house, but it was different and in a different place. Across the road from it, was mainly bare but there was a stingy house down this hill (across the road, was a huge square of land, which dipped down and the house was in the middle, but there were trees and such around). Mom and Darren were modifying the house and decided to ask them a question. We all went over and as we got to the door, people started yelling and glass was smashing. Mom got a bit nervous. We went in and they gave us all a drink, but I didn't drink mine and Mom and Darren had some of theirs. The house was very 'hillbilly' like and there were lots of rooms, with quite a few people in it. Eventually Darren passed out (from the drink) and Mom was a bit groggy. I tried to get her out of the house, but the people were going to kill us and I left her and ran off. They just came after me. I found a shard of glass, although I think it was a knife at first, and I began slicing the necks of the people in the house. Only about two of them actually came after me, everyone else just sat about in their room. One of the rooms had three guys in it and they were playing a card game. The room across from it had a few people in it too. I killed two of the guys in the room, but the third guy I couldn't get to. I tried to slice his throat but I couldn't get through it so I grabbed his arm and tried to slice his wrist vertically, but it didn't work again, so I ran off. Then I had a cardboard pole and I ran out the back. This guy had some sharp weapon and I was fighting him off with the pole. I called the cops while doing this and I said "I'm at the house across from 4 Edinboro. They're trying to kill us! They drugged my Mom and her boyfriend and I only have a cardboard pole". I ended up finding something stronger right after I said that, but then someone said that we had actually imagined all this and I got frustrated. We were then back out the front of Mom's house and we still wanted to go over, but were now hesitant. We started over and then saw an Asian guy similar to one in the 'vision', so we decided not to. Outside my window, which was one the second floor, was a lattice ladder thing and it was pink. It was hanging off the wall and they put it back in place. I was saying that people could now come to my window etc and they said they would reinforce it all and I said "I want bulletproof windows" and then joked that someone would come in the house and the only way for me to get out would be through the window and I wouldn't be able to go through it. I put my foot on the bottom of the ladder to see how strong it was and it started to fall. This guy was at my window, which was open, and told me to grab his hand and I said "you won't be able to lift me" but he kept insisting and I grabbed his hand and he easily pulled me up and through the window with one hand. I realized he was Edward (Twilight book) and said "You really are a vampire".