There were zombies. They were different though, some were fast, some just lay about, some were smart, some were crazy etc. Because of this people still called them people, instead of zombies. They could also open doors. I wandered into a house and there were some zombies walking around. Then there had been a large family there. They were running about and they were trying to guard the back door from them. Too many zombies were in though. Then I was there and I had a pole and a butcher knife. I stabbed them in the heart (they were killed from being stabbed in the heart). Some were harder than others so I had to slit the throat of one and stab him a heap of times. The house was small and I used this girl as a shield. I went to the back door and there were heaps of them. The girl screamed and slipped out, so I gave her a push and closed the door. Eventually, no-one else was around. I was closing and locking doors and turning off the lights. Then the house was different. It was big and I was with others. Some of it was very glassy. It was also night time. This black girl there was very bossy and she suggested we go outside to do something. Before we went I had locked all the doors. We went out and then we realized all the doors were locked and we couldn't get back in. It was a really nice house and it was pretty well designed. There were back lights everywhere and they were on. There were also buildings across the street, and some had lights on. We got in a car and drove through a brick wall of a different building across the street. We all climbed up and into a room on the second floor (hotel like). We sat on the bed, which was right at the wall. Some cars and motorbikes drove past. There was then a window where we had smashed through and it slid together and I was holding them together. I asked for someone to turn off the light but the black girl kept refusing. I kept asking and no-one would. I got an email from Simon Pegg who was surprised that I was dead and I replied "yo, not dead" and said that I was trapped because of a girl and ended the email with "stay surviving!". I let go of the window to type and then I had visions of people going past and opening it, which creeped me out. We decided to just stay here for the night and I was annoyed as it would've been nice at the big house and it was safer there.