I was at school. There were lots of people and it was the first day back. I was trying to pick out the new Year 11's and Year 12's. There was a tall guy and a girl with big boobs wearing a low cut top. I couldn't remember the quickest way to leave and there were two sets of steps and I didn't know which one to go down. Then I was in the car in the carpark next to North Midvale with Daryl, who was driving. There were kids around and two of them walked in front and we waited for them to go across. They didn't so I got out and they very little and one was just walking into the side of the car and I said "Go around, tard!". Some teenage boys were around and they laughed. I got back in and we drove backwards, I saw something get flung across the carpark onto the oval (the long way of the carpark). Then we were walking. When we walked past, I saw the thing that had got flung was a baby/small kid, which was dead and had blood on it. We just walked past it. Samantha and others were with us too. We all had remotes for the X-Box 360 remote, which attached us to another person. I was connected to Daryl. We got to wherever we were going and then left and were walking again. We no longer had to stay together and the remote was plugged in to the back of my head and I pulled it out, which felt strange. I said "that's been in there for 3 days!". Elijah walked past and as he did he waved his jumper in front of me. I forgot who had walked past me and I thought 'was that Dmitri?'. Then I realized it was Elijah and we laughed. Then I was at school again and the MUPC was there. There were seven of us. People actually at the school were sitting at other tables. We were all seated around one. The guy teaching us said our first assignment was to find a female 'athlete'. The first girl who was asked who she'd partner up with and her Asian girlfriend, who was also in the class, did some sort of athletic activity so they paired up. This guy got asked and he said he didn't know anyone and the teacher said to "get your head out of your ass". Peyton (One Tree Hill) was there and she worked out and she thought the guy was dodgy so to save us both from getting paired with him, she paired up with me. We got called to this bar to watch something on the TV. It showed a nice looking waterfall in a nice forest, which the two winners of our class would get a trip to. It also included bungee jumping. Then there were clips of 'us' from our competing, which was in the form of a TV show. I looked like Eve Myles at first, then I looked like a different person, but was still a lot older (mid-20's). It showed 'me' in a forest, by myself and it was dark and spooky and something was making noises or something and I was making squealing noises. I was rating songs on my iPod, getting ready for the trip. The only song I remember rating was Blue Monday.