It was night, around 3am. I was at Mom's, which was different. My room had a door leading outside. There was a knock on the door. I didn't want to answer, so Mom did. It was a guy saying there'd been an accident and Simba was standing behind him and we thought he'd been hit. There was a car with a smashed light. Then Granma and Uncle Gabriel were around and we went to their place. There was a picture on the wall of some leader whose name started with an 'S'. It was an alien girl and I was thinking it was from a science fiction book. Then it was the next morning, I think, and a lot of people had died. There were ghosts (or something) of Dad and Ezra on the lounge. I thought they had died and I told them to touch my knee and they went right through it. It turned out that at some point last night everyone who was touching another person, skin to skin, had died. This also applied now. It showed a prison and a prisoner reached through the cell and touched the guard and they both screamed and died. I was then outside in a forest. There was a teenage girl and I went to ask her something and tapped her arm. She turned making an 'erggh' sound and her eyes started to bleed and she fell, but I was ok (it was later discovered that sometimes the 'dominant' person would be ok and if they were the 'same' they would be ok, I never really understood what the rules were). I ended up getting caught in the forest. The people there could put these things on their head so nothing would happen if they got touched. One of them looked like Sigourney Weaver. The leader guy told her to kill me, but she whispered to me to go along with her plan. She pretended to touch me and I fell to the floor, then it wasn't me and this other person touched 'my' leg to make sure. I later met up with Eugene. We were staying in a house together, sleeping in two single beds. After being together for a while, I was thinking that if I was going to die anyway, I may as well kiss him (not thinking that it could kill him) and so while we were talking, I leant over and kissed him, but we were both ok.