I was at home. I woke up at 9am and called Mom to pick me up. She said she was busy and would get me soon. At one point, Valerie had come over. Farrah was talking to me in my room. I remember hearing a boy talking and thinking it was Jamison. I called at 7pm, as I was still there and she said she was out and I asked if Darren could get me. A few minutes later he came and got me. We were then at Mom's old house and I went to my room. My bunk was on the opposite side of the room and there were blow up dolls on it. I shared the bed with someone else. I then went to a Science Museum like place. It also had animals. They were able to leave their 'cages' and wander around. The rooms were huge and the doors were just frames, so you just walked through to each room. I was with Calvin, but he was sometimes Ezra. We were inside, at the entrance. I was taking photos of the animals. There was a fox like thing and I pet it through the cage. There was a cage with a rhino, although I don't even think it was a rhino, it was small. It came out of the cage and I jumped onto the reception desk (the cage was about a meter in front of it). The desk was higher than the rhino. The lady behind the desk complained as I had knocked some of her stuff. I got back down, but it came back and I jumped up again, knocking her stuff again. There were Sims 2 and 3 magazines on the floor. The rhino ate something off it. It started to walk around the desk and so I jumped off and snuck out of the room. Ezra was in the next room. I said the rhino was out and we frantically tried to find somewhere to hide. There was an 'exhibit' on the wall, which had a section in the shape of a door painted black. People would run/walk into it and it would look like they had disappeared. We ran into that, as I thought it would have a room behind it and the rhino thing wouldn't even see it. But, we ended up sitting in a plastic red tube with an opening. As the rhino would see us, we got out of it. There was another wall thing next to it and I 'opened' it but it was just this sparkly, colourful display. I thought that'd attract him so we went into the next room. It led back out near the entrance and I could see the rhino, which was now a big lizard-y thing (a dinosaur?) and was skulking around the desk still. There were two glass doors a few meters away (quite far from the lizard thing though). Ezra and I crept over to it, keeping ourselves low and opened the door. We ran down the sets of steps and continued running. Then I was with Calvin again and as I ran across the road we hailed a taxi, which was yellow. He talked to the driver through the window, about to give her the money and I started getting in the back seat. She told me to close the door and get out. Then she shouted at me "Don't you know who I am?!" and took the money and drove off. She was famous or something and she was known to just take money off people and drive off (that was how she worked). Then I looked over at the city and the 'rhino' was now a huge monster and was stomping around. I was thinking 'Cloverfield!'. We started running down the street, along with lots of others. Only a few cars were on the road. The city, though, was actually really far away.