I was watching some G-Rated movie. I can't really remember it, but these kids lived in a big house. One of them accidentally broke a mirror or window and the person they lived with was angry. A while later the maid (or something) smashed some glass and told off the girl who had broken the glass earlier and she got in trouble for it instead of the maid. Then two people were in a room. They weren't allowed in there and someone was coming. Then I was one of them and we got into the closet and hid in there. The door of the closet started opening but when I looked out, the room was different and nobody was in there. I was thinking the movie was just a rip off of Chronicles of Narnia. There were Pokemon around. For Mewtwo to be 'free', I had to rub him against something until an extra 6hp was given to his opponent. Then I was playing a game and I said "Is this like Super Mario Galaxy?". I was in a shop like place and I walked into this room and there was a werewolf in a chair and he said something funny and "my name is Fred". There were zombies too, but they were joke-like. I had to paint stuff in the room to get to the next room. I had red and yellow paint. I got to the next room and there were three guard dogs but they were friendly. In real life, Ezra had a friend over. We picked them up from their house. We thought he wouldn't come, but he did. Mom was driving. We went to the cinema. The seats were in weird places, some facing the back of the cinema as well. It was pretty full and a big room. Calvin was sitting in a backwards seat right near where we walked in and he said to sit next to him and I said no. While we were talking, a lady (who I thought was his mother) asked why I was moving like that (I was trying to crack my back) and I said I had a "sore back". She said that's why I should eat Broccoli, because it was good for muscles and I said that it was my favourite vegetable. I sat down in a chair on the other side of the cinema. On the screen, Lost was playing. I only saw Sawyer and it had already started (it was actually the movie that I had been watching before) and then it said the movie we'd come to see started in 7 minutes.