I was at a shop with Mom. The girl at the checkout was talking to Mom. I was looking down at the ground. I'd gotten a couple of lolly things and I said that I had been craving them. I looked up and realized the girl serving us had gone to one my schools for about a week or something. She didn't seem to recognize me. I was then on the internet and I was trying to find out stuff about Grey and what the toy was called. I found pictures of toy rabbits made by the same people. I read something about Facebook where this person had said "it used to be MySpace, and now everyone is obsessed with Facebook". Ezra still had his Grey and it had a tag with an internet address on it. I thought that was odd since the internet wasn't very popular when they came out. Dad and Ezra were watching a movie preview and it said 'shake it' and I thought 'they better not say 'like a Polaroid picture'' and then they said "like a Polaroid picture" and I said "I knew he was going to say that!" and was annoyed at Hey Ya. I found a site of some lady who would try and guess a word (to test out psychic ability or something). She had the word she guessed and the actual word. They were all really close. One of them was her guess was 'foot' and the word was 'food'. I was then walking with a girl outside. She could control people and so was making people do funny things. The cops were coming up the road so she made this person walk out in the road and almost got hit, so they came back and she made me start yelling at them. We got sent to a building. Jared Padalecki and Jensen Ackles were working there and they were the only people there. They interrogated us, but it was in the room in which you first enter the building. Jared got us to write down what had happened and Jensen did our fingerprints. The other girl finished first and it was my turn to get fingerprinted. Jensen called me over and I felt nervous. I asked if I just had to sit down and he said yeah. It was at a small table which was against the wall of that room, with one seat on either side. He did my prints, although it was only 3 fingers from one hand and two fingers from the other. Then we were having 'dinner', and I had two sandwiches except they looked like a CBA. We had a glass of yellow wine each. I dipped my finger in it and tasted it. It was sort of warm and I asked if could have water, saying I don't even drink coke and I was thinking of saying I don't even drink orange juice but couldn't be bothered. He convinced me to drink the wine, so I did. I was worried it was pee at one point. Then there was someone else there, I think, and they were worried that I was going to sneak off. Some real cops came and Jared told me to run now and I shrugged and kept eating. The person worried about me leaving mentioned they had cameras (so they would notice me leaving). Jensen and I finished the wine at the same time. He flirted with me a lot. A while later I needed to pee. I walked out of the building by myself and went to the toilet somewhere. I came back though. Jensen went to take a shower. I started exploring the place and I walked past the shower. It was open and he was facing away but he was naked, and I looked away and kept walking. There was a shelf with games and books on it and I recognized most of it from when I was younger. Jared and a lady joined me and I was going through the stuff going 'I remember this!' and excitedly looking at the stuff. Jensen came out, with a towel around him and asked what was happening. The others and I joked we were ignoring him and said "let's go play Monopoly". I then got a blood nose and when I turned around it splattered all over Jensen's towel. We started laughing. Jensen and I were laughing quite hard and I couldn't stop. I thought it may be because of the wine. There was a section with the recordings from the cameras and they were in video tape covers. One of them had 'Rose Red' written on it. I remembered misspelling Jared's name once as 'Jared Pinalecki'. I then woke up and I was in the passenger seat of a car. It was running and I was alone. It was daytime. I locked the doors. I had some of my dreams that I'd written down and I had a book where I was giving people character profiles. One of them said 'Guitar -- Dmitri' and I thought it was about Nathan Kohler. This guy in a grey shirt walked past the driver's window. I couldn't see his head though as it went higher than the roof. A little while later, he came back and started trying to open the driver's door. I still couldn't see his face. Although it was locked, it opened a little and I tried to pull it closed again. I was thinking I should start the car up and drive away.