I was at home. Dad was locking the back door. I was locking up the front door and some teenage boys were hanging around out the front. I closed the wood door quietly and Dad told me not to put the chain on yet incase they heard it. I suggested we put the aircon on so that the curtains would stick to the windows and therefore block the view. He said it would attract them. Then I had my own house thing. It was like glass all around. I was outside and it was night and I asked Dad to walk me to it. The door was open and the light was on inside. It had been trashed. Dad said that it smelled. It was just a big lounge room; I don't remember seeing any other rooms. There were yellow bags and towels that had stains on them. It looked like someone had had a party. I asked him to help clean. It had a sliding door and I pushed them together and put Blu-Tak in the middle of them to hold them together. People kept coming and I kept shooing them away. Calvin came and I let him in. I was cold and I touched his neck for some reason and it was warm. Mom came later. Samantha came as well and I let her in. We ended up getting a security guard, who was Anastasia. The house/room ended up full of people. It was now a shop. There was a food shop to the left side of the entrance; the rest of the shop was just a walkway I think. I was telling people they had to leave. There was a scary Native man and I said "Excuse me sir, you have to leave, no-one's allowed here". This girl walked out of a checkout and as she walked through the scanner things, it beeped and she quickly showed the person behind the counter something inside her bag and then hid it back in there. I went over and asked what it was and she wouldn't tell me. I grabbed it and opened it and she called out for help. I said "it's my store!". It was a heart rate monitor and someone else came for a closer look and she snatched it from me and swallowed it. I was thinking that I swallowed 'In a Big Country' once. I saw someone walking as if they'd just entered the shop. It looked like Rodney so I called out "Rodney!". He turned around and I told him to leave and he said "Why do we have to leave and how'd you know my name?". I said "I know your brother [Eugene]", he said "Pants off" and I looked at him strangely and then asked "Did you say pants off?" and he said "Yeah, everyone knows him with his pants off". I laughed and said "No, I don't know him with his pants off".