I was watching Lost. Ben, Jack and someone else were around. I think Ben had set up all these things they had to do before they could get back to the island. They went into a building and this guy they needed, got in trouble because he had some metal thing in his back and when he walked through the sensors, they had detected it. They were supposed to go and rescue some person in 84 minutes, but then another person was in trouble and they had 30 minutes to help them. A bomb was going to go off. Ben, Jack, someone else and I ran out of the city and up this hill and across this thin bridge. I asked "Is this far enough?" and "Why do we have to cross this bridge instead of just running across the hill?" Ben said that there were 'too many chances for bad options'. The bomb went off. There was a red 'bubble' over the city and then over us. We went orange. Ben said it was just a light now (instead of a bomb) because we had gotten something from the island (and so were ok). Someone showed off to this girl later that they had stopped the bomb. I was then in a comic book shop with others. The shelves were really neat. I was told to 'steal' this card but then the mother of a person I was with, ushered us out. I put my phone down on the shelf and then when we got to the exit I said I'd left my phone and ran back to get it and took the card as well. As we left the alarm sounded and the gate of the shop went down. Police were around and they had their guns out. I handed over the card and got arrested. I was waiting with a cop's daughter at a computer. They sorted out the arrest and then we walked with her. As everything was weird I asked "Are we in Spain?". We got to a car park. He told her to stop and he had a gun with a red bit on it, at her head. She was like 'you're not going to shoot me' and then he did. I ran and opened the door to a taxi (that was driving) but it was the opposite side of the driver (American car). He pulled a gun on me, so I let go. Then this weird carriage like car was there and this weird guy was sleeping in it. I pushed him out and driving it with my foot all the way down and it could only go a maximum of 40km/h. I was going down a dark, forest-y road. I got to a deli and then it was day. I asked the guy if I could borrow a car and I had little money. He said ok. Most of the cars there were manual but there was a van which was auto and manual. These guys came with guns and the guy and I pushed a van in their way. I ended up pushing it on top of a bad guy and he laughed and was like "now you'll squish my hands". I shot this other guy. The deli guy got shot and I apologized and he said it was ok. As I was walking around, most of the people at the deli were dead. There was a car, which was obviously a girl's car, which was an automatic. She was nearby, dead, and I took her pink shoes and then her car. I can't remember properly, but we went up there later and gave the car back