Dad, Ezra and I were going across the country. I had organized to see the Dylan Moran thing there as he was not coming to my town. It was happening the same night we were to arrive. The show was starting in ten minutes but we hadn't left yet (it only took a few minutes to get there by plane). Dad said he didn't want to drive me there. I realized I didn't have my ticket. Dad got angry and I said I rushed while I was packing. We got to our destination and to the hotel. It was like a motel though and all the doors were accessed from an outside balcony. Dad had picked the room on the edge but we had to open this gate to get to that side of the balcony and it opened up weird on the edge and made it hard to get in. Ezra and I complained about it. There were three bedrooms, all straight after each other with no doors, but there were curtains (you walk into hotel room, then first bedroom, walk through then the second bedroom etc). One was at the very back of the room with one bed, then the middle had two single beds and the closest one had one single bed. The blankets were red. I lay down on one of beds in the middle room. Ezra said he wanted that room and I said that he could sleep in the other bed, but this was my room. I then remembered about the Dylan Moran thing and it was 30 minutes past the beginning. I got my clothes and went to get dressed and I couldn't find any rooms with doors anywhere so I went to the toilet. I flushed the toilet and it started pouring out water and I said to Dad "the toilet prolapsed". I found a receipt for my ticket and it had a barcode on it, so it was ok. We went out and then realized Dad didn't have a car here. We looked for a bus and I said I had no idea how to use the bus, except to go to University to "I can't remember... Leach Highway?". Then an hour had passed. I was then with Mom in the car. We were driving down the street and it was night. I saw a big statue of Green Man on top of a pub. I said "Green Man!" and Mom laughed and I explained that a character (Charlie) in It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia dressed up in that. I looked at my receipt and realized it started at 8.30, sometimes it was 8, and it wasn't time for it yet. Also, it was the 30th of whatever month it was. We drove past a theatre with posters for Dylan Moran on it.