I was at a place looking for help with a 'school project'. It was a sheet of paper with questions about boating. One of the questions was about George Clooney's wife. Everywhere I looked, it said he was married to an Asian lady, but there were no photos of him and an Asian lady. I had joked they had taken all the answers to the questions off the net. I was near some water (the ocean I suppose) and there was a blob in the water. These guys blew it up and this guy's house was really close to the edge of where they blew it up. He had a dog as well. The house was ok though. I looked down at the water and saw this grey thing quickly swim past underneath. I said "It's Cloverfield!". I knew some people there, sort of. One of them was a captain. He had two daughters and brought some of his crew along. One of them was a hot blonde guy. I had built this huge boat thing. It was boat like on top of the water, but underneath it was this weird, huge area. To get onto the boat, you had to climb up this ladder, which had metal steps but was attached by a rope. The captain said it was awesome but that if the ladder hit a rock it could break. The blonde guy kept saying 'awesome' and then when we actually got onto the boat, it was a living area, and I had a huge TV in there and the blonde guy said "Again, awesome". I had a radio at the front and shelves on the side with black boxes, which was sea equipment. The radio had a tape in it, someone started playing it and it was a diary of mine. I stopped it and rewound it. I had told them earlier I had made it myself, but I remembered that Dad and Poppa had helped me with the rope leading to the area underneath and I mentioned this to the blonde. I had this electronic thing on the outside for people to sign in and it also kept records about the people. I added the captain's eldest daughter (she was 16) onto it. Her last time was 'Cook'. She was then making out with the blonde dude and I interrupted them so I could get a photo of her to put with her profile. I decided to put the blonde guy on there too and I said "what's your name?" and I couldn't understand what he said, so I asked him to spell it and he said "O-W-A-R-E". That was his first name; I don't remember his last name. I took a photo of him and it was blurry and looked like a black lady and I thought that was weird so I tried to take another. He said that wasn't a good idea (he now had an accent), but I did anyway. I took a quick glance at the photo and realized he was this black lady, who was evil, who he had asked me earlier to help (he was disguised as a blonde guy, I'm not sure how). I pretended not to look at it and left. He tried to follow me but then 'realized' I didn't see it. I went down the rope and everyone else was down there. I said that he wasn't who he says he is. The underground area is hard to describe. It was like underwater, but we could breathe and sometimes it wasn't underwater. We couldn't float though, we walked on the ground. It was extremely tall, and there were rows of huge shelves in a dark part of it. Near the rope, there was a machine which could show you 3D layouts of cities underwater and the rocks underwater. Anyway, blonde guy came down as the black lady. There was a darkish skinned guy down there and he was supposed to be, who the blonde guy was pretending to be (his role in the crew had been taken over by blonde guy). He wasn't as hot as the blonde guy, which disappointed me. The black lady threatened to cut the rope and I was thinking that we wouldn't last long down here. But she then ran off really fast. The youngest daughter of the captain's, I think her name was Molly, was holding a little black kitten. She was between 4-8 years old. She was running by herself trying to find somewhere to hide and kept throwing the kitten to hide it, but it came back. She hid in a hole with it eventually. The crew came and they were looking at her. The captain said something about the black lady's sister (the black lady was standing next to him, disguised as a white person) and then turned the gun on her and shot her three times. It shocked everyone, including myself. My heart was racing.