I was at a shop with Mom. I was bored. I saw Dad and Ezra there. There was a men's jumper that I liked so I tried it on but if fit strange. Then I was at a train station. There were lots of little platforms, instead of one big one. They were quite small and I was on one and I almost fell onto the track. I went on another and a train was coming towards me and it looked like it was just going to hit me. Then they were planes. There was a plane crash in there. I had been on it. We discovered quickly that some people were turning into zombies. Someone I knew (a family member) was a zombie. I don't remember who it was. I ended up by myself driving a car. It was American style. I decided to find Eugene. I went to his house and there was a dog out the front. It barked at me. I knocked and Eugene and his father Abraham answered. His father was black and Eugene was a bit darker which I thought was weird because I hadn't noticed before. I said there had been an accident at 'Caircock' airport or something and that there were zombies. I said "Have you seen 28 Days Later? They're like that but on ecstasy!". I had heard the ecstasy thing in a movie tagline before. They called someone who told them it wasn't true. Somehow I convinced them to come with me. We went somewhere and there were lots of people I had to pick up. Eugene's father Abraham got killed and ran after the car as a zombie. The people I had picked up wanted to stop at a post office thing on the street. I stopped and they got out and zombies were coming so I took off and left them there. There was lots of traffic on the road and I think I was just driving over it. I looked behind and saw that driving over had killed people in the cars and they were now all scattered around, hurt and bloody. I went to a big shop. We were trying to hide from the zombies. We went into a clothes shop and there were lots of cubicles, but they were low. I hid in one closest to the wall and Eugene was in the one next to me. We had to crouch right down so we didn't stick over the top. The worst zombie we'd seen so far was this young girl who could think, but when she talked it just came out as gibberish. She looked over at Eugene, then me and we stayed still and she left. We waited a while and then I looked over at the door, then under the door and then looked up at the door and her face was peering over at me and I screamed "Bahhh!" and I attacked her with something and ran out of the cubicle. Her face looked all cut up and weird. I looked for an axe but there weren't any. There was a capsule on the wall, with a ladder in it, leading up. I thought about climbing up but it looked too much of a tight fit. I looked for a fire safety thing. I found fire blankets but no extinguisher. I found a blowtorch lighter thing and I threatened her with it. I then lit her shirt on fire, but she just pinched it and put it out. I tried again and she did it again. I managed to get her in the corner. The walls were lined with clothes and there were also two round clothes racks near her, so I lit them on fire. Then this black cop guy came and saved her and I was like 'what are you doing?!'. But I figured at least I was ok.