I was at 'school'. Some of my classes were with Ezra. They had light blue shirts with a giant paw print on them. Then, Mom (although she seemed different) and I found a way to go back in time. We had to like run through a field. In the middle of the field, I had to grab this rope and pull myself along the grass (I was lying down on it). It was hard to do. Then I was somewhere else, in some water. There were men there from say, the 1800's and were pirate/captain-y like. They were also in the water and they couldn't see me, but could feel me and so I had to make sure they didn't touch me. They walked near me and I went under the water. This cat was watching me. They followed the cats stare and saw me lying on the bottom of the water, but they actually saw me as a black bear. Then I was in a room, near the door. A friend of Mom's was coming over and she told me to say that I was her sister. I looked through the side of the door (where the hinges join) and saw a girl standing in the hall. She asked who I was and Mom said "my sister". A while later I took my clothes off to do something. Then Santiago, Mom and Darren came in and I asked Mom for a shirt. Then, I was outside somewhere. Charlie (It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia) and Liam McPoyle (It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia) were there. We were messing around. Charlie was in some water and Liam was being creepy. Charlie was going to chase me, so I ran. I ran into this castle like place and was trying not to laugh, but I was also worried about him catching me. I tried to lock the front door but it was too hard so I ran around the corner into a hallway for the toilet. I closed the first door, but it wouldn't lock, so I ran to the next door and tried to lock it. It wouldn't lock at first, but then it did. But, it was low down and there were cubicles of toilets behind me. Someone came in and it was Liam. He looked over the top. I was fairly exhausted by this point and said "Nooo, I need to pee!". I couldn't stop thinking 'Rose Red!' when I saw him. I'm not sure what this was, but there was a car crash. The guy ran out to protect his girlfriend and then the car blew up. Then she saw 'herself' run to the car to save her boyfriend. They were dead, but didn't know that.