I was on the oval near North Midvale, and there were two small concrete slabs (maybe 3m2) near the other side, close to the road. I remembered there had been a small shack on one of them and we had written stuff on the outside. Mom said she didn't remember. Someone said they should put "useful, like a gym". I took the bus to university and it dropped me off right outside where I needed to go. There was a very long line nearby. There was also a policeman around. I walked in and found the class. It was totally different and I discovered I was actually doing three subjects, included Communications 2. I went to my class. I had an Asian lady as a teacher. The task was we had to put drawings up on the board. She also mentioned something about zombies and when you get given something to find and then you put them all together? It reminded me of the shack. I got given a 'secret' task. Two guys in the class were gay and were touching and kissing each other. This other guy told them to stop because it was 'disgusting'. I told them to shut up and everyone gasped. They were shocked and asked why. I said "leave them alone, who cares? If it were two girls who'd be like 'yeah, fully sick',". They confirmed this. I'm not sure what happened next, but I ended up in a building and this guy who I didn't get along with was there. He ended up raping me although I didn't remember it. Some guy had shoved something up my butt and I could only eat lobster because it wouldn't make me poo. I was then back at school. I hadn't told anyone who had done it yet. I was in a room with him again and he tried to rape me again and I attacked him. Ezra was there too and he helped me. We managed to hurt him and he was lying on the floor, barely able to move. I found a big dildo in the room and was going to shove it up his butt. Then Evelyn was in there and I tried to get her to do it while I held the curtains shut. Her sister came soon after. Charlene was then there too and she was trying to look outside and kept pulling the curtains open and I was like 'Charlene, no!'. We pretended we were just playing. I said someone had attacked me and told them to go away. Then I was in a forest and it was a game? There was a small clearing with three cars. Jensen Ackles was there too. This lady took us through and there was an underwater section too. It got very deep and there were scary and spiky fish down there. We got to the very bottom and there was a hatch so it was easier. We went out through it and we were in an area very similar to the place with the cars. She trapped us there. We tore the net on the hatch open and followed her. We went into a house and into the kitchen. The lady had her back turned and was reading out her history. One of us stabbed her and asked if that was in there and she said no. We managed to leave. There were some videos of that rape guy doing things to people. I was worried he was going to release the rape video of me. I was on the net at some point and there were questions that had been answered by some guy, who I thought was the rape guy. There was a question about piercings to which he answered he had none and I thought 'yay', but I discovered it was Daryl, not rape guy. I did a quiz too and the first question was about 'favourite alcoholic drink' and I put "I only like water". Something said to put a fruity drink down. Some person was trying to burn down my room at university. I think there was a song playing and I said it was from "nineteen ninety... something", also thinking it was probably the original version. There was some show from the 90's and there was a guy called Charlie who had something to do with me wanting a dog and calling it Charlie. Then I realized it was Charlie Day. He was young and looked weird without his facial hair.