Dad had episodes of shows and issues of The Walking Dead. I was transferring them over and reading The Walking Dead. It was in colour and I couldn't remember when it changed to colour. The kid had been killed off a while ago too. It changed between reality and the comic for a while, and then it was real. The characters were walking outside. One had an electronic thing which could tell them how many zombies were in the place. The zombies were sort of smart -- they had basic speech and thinking. I was annoyed at this saying that I could deal with zombies talking, but not thinking (as in, they weren't proper zombies). We went to a school and there were a few in there so we walked away. Then chickens came running out. This girl in the group decided to leave and told me and then left. This guy noticed a zombie around the corner but it was too late and it got her. There were lots of zombie kids but they were all calm ones and didn't bother us, even though we were sitting next to them. A dog bit my foot gently, and I was now infected but I hadn't turned yet. Then we were driving and one of the people had a house. I said we should go to the country and he said it was in the country, but it wasn't. We parked the car a few houses away and we climbed over the fences to get to the front of the house (all the houses were surrounded with fences). They tried to open the house. There was a park across the street and zombies were walking down towards us (they hadn't noticed us). I was keeping an eye on them but then they saw us and came up to the fence. Others then came. They called us 'wolves'. They had already sent a 'message' to others and I wondered if we could make it to the car, but there were some hanging around it. There was a young girl who had been with us and she was now a zombie. We got caught. They took us to a desert because we were 'wolves'. I tried to burn one of them with a piece of glass (tried to use it as a magnifying glass). A train came past and I jumped on but I kept getting pushed off and then it took off without me.