I think this continued on. There were more fires. Ezra was at Mom's and was doing something to keep the house cool and wet which would prevent it for a while. We left, but he stayed. Eventually he came to us and said he couldn't handle it anymore. It had gotten to 72°C. We went back and the house didn't look too badly burnt. We were surrounded by smoke and it was hard to see. Darren said that my computer wasn't too bad and I said 'yeah, it's only the most important thing in my life'. I said 'Imagine if it had been Mom that died, that's what it's like for me'. I went to my room and the wall near my window was burnt. Half of my computer had melted and one of my externals was totally melted. The computer was still working though and it was still running, except there was a small strip across the top of the screen which was just black. I went into Ezra's room, which was finished and it hadn't been burnt at all. Then there was this white kitten and it kept lighting the front lawn on fire. I kept putting them out and eventually caught it. Then I was at home and Ezra was setting fires there. Simba ran past, on fire, and I poured water on him and it wasn't enough to put the fire out and so I got more. Where the water had gone, was now invisible. Ezra and Dad decided to put these two kittens, including the white one, and a duck toy in the dryer to kill them because they were lighting fires. I was trying to convince them not to because it was mean. I felt bad so I took them out of the dryer. I was then at a park, going for my walk. There was a huge fenced area, with some fence missing in places so you could walk through. I was walking around that with Mom. I put the kitten in a cage and left it at the start of it. This girl challenged me to a race. She was extremely fit and was far ahead of me. I went through the first opening in the fence and ran through the middle. She went through another and got ahead of me again. I was worried she was going to let the kitten escape, and she got to the box before I did. She picked it up, but put it in another cage.