I was at school and was in class by myself. There was a competition and Samantha, Cedric, a quiet girl, me and someone else were in it. We had to throw cards onto these mats and match them. You would be given a ticket to the concert. I missed and the only match I got was for some girl group and that was my only concert option. There was a band there that I actually liked. Someone started singing Standing in the Shadows of Love. Then it was time for the hard math class and Jeremiah and the others came in. I heard Eugene coming. He was wearing a white singlet thing, which was dirty. I remembered he was doing MIT as well. I saw that he was wearing a ruby ring and thought 'Nooo! Eugene isn't perfect!'. I went outside and called Mom. It looked like the front of her house outside. Mr Gutenberg locked the door, but then I went back in. We then stood outside as a group and Eugene was standing with Jeremiah. I called Mom again and she answered and I could hear lots of sirens. I told her it was humid and I looked up at the sky and saw smoke. I looked lower and saw some forests in the distance and could see the flames of a fire and then they suddenly started moving very fast (like that video of the Victoria fires). I started freaking out and I ran inside (to Mom's) and grabbed my dream journals and got in the car with Eugene, who then drove away. He was then Mom and I complained that I didn't get my diaries or my external hard drives. I said "I don't want it to be like Victoria!". We were then back home I think. There was a shop across the road and it was on fire. It got put out and that was the end of it -- we had just missed it. I packed up a box with my dream journals and stuff and wrote on it "incase Harper dies". In the distance there was more fire and a mushroom like cloud. There was a show and a nuclear war happened. Then it was a movie? There was a place where all females went to make them obedient and with no personality. Dan Aykroyd was in it and he got one. She had a large lip and a guy stopped her at the scan. There was a room and there was a midget, who was a bad guy. He started shooting at the girl, who was then me. I hid under a desk.