I think this one continued from the zombie dream. There were zombies. I could only do a certain number of steps and actions every day. Normally I didn't stray very far from the house we stayed at, but I did today. I was at the gate of the city (or wherever) and there were police there. I was on a bike and was riding away from zombies, who were also on bikes. I yelled to them that I was normal and the zombies began shooting at the cops. In the distraction, I got past. I tried to steal a car, so I had a faster mode of transport. I didn't know the controls and this guy said I was going "-69 miles per hour" and then I rammed him into another car and he died (accidental, I was still working out the controls). I found this girl and she said she would show me how to drive a car. I was a guy at the moment and I thought she liked me. I was almost out of energy/steps and she was staying in a clear plastic square. She got in and it was hard to fit through the entrance and was squishy inside. She jokingly said "lick my feet" (my head was at her feet). Then other people were around outside. I got out and went into another 'building'. They had some drug and you breathed it in and everything went slow. I didn't realize but we were all painting while inhaling. I left to go somewhere safer. I found a guy who looked like Colin Mochrie with a couple of cars next to a tree, which was next to the road. I asked him if he knew anywhere to go and he said I could sleep in his Ute. I slept and later, zombies came and were trying to get in the Ute. They had a midget and were trying to fit him through a gap in the window. I woke up and went out the other door and ran. I met up with Dad and Ezra. I found some 'active potions' which you could drink and they would give you more steps. I drank some. Then, Mom, Preston, a girl and others were there too. Ezra said he'd like to "fuck" the girl. I was shocked at the language and the content but was just like 'ok...'. He asked Preston what he thought and he said he was going to read the news and sleep tonight. I found a big shop and it was full of people. There were lots of storeys and they got darker as we went up. I kept drinking the potions while walking. There was a gate thing we had to go through and we had to put coins in there, then walk through. It gave my coins back. Coins also worked as potions but not as well as the one I was using. I was giving $1 and $2 to some and 50c to others. We got to the top storey which was pitch black. It was a gaming level. I used the light on my phone to find my way around. There was a room with bunk beds. Everyone went off though and went to random places. The girl came though and said I had to sleep on the top bunk. There was a toilet close by and there were very small bunk beds in the bath.