I am working in my office but it looks different, and there's other stuff going on. Mick Jagger is working there now, and it's set up more circular. I'm going off to look for Lori, and the place is also a shopping mall. Didn't find her but I poke around in a toy store. Back to office. There's a wedding going on in a big room nearby. Polish or something - there are a lot of people in there. There's something I need to get - a plain white envelope - and after I look around I find they must be in the room where the wedding's going on, so I go through to the back of it past all these people. I'm very self-conscious, esp. since I don't have shoes on, and realize the staff is really supposed to stay out, and leave the people alone. But I get my envelopes and leave. A salesman comes by with some stationery products, starting his spiel as though I were the Purchaser - I explain to him that I'm not - I only talked to him when he was here before because I was interested in Christmas cards, but I didn't send any after all. He's a stocky short guy, foreign, dark, sort of prim, and he's a bit miffed now. He looks like he thinks I'm giving him the runaround, but I'm not. He leaves some cards with me to give to Linda. Mick Jagger comes over to say something. He's really quite a normal sort of guy, doesn't fool around. Not too much anyway - he's fun. However, I'm getting ready to move out of town. Next I'm in a house with my father and stepmother and brother and another girl. (My sister? - don't think so.) I'm probably a teenager. We've just moved in and don't know where things are, haven't got the furniture all in. Nice little old house. I go over where this closet is. It has a big chest of drawers affair in it, not wood, with a bin-opening at the top. It's tall. As I look at it, it moves a little, I see it's on wheels. I pull it out and find a real chest of drawers behind it, old, wood, painted white. I exclaim over this to my brother and what's-her-name, because now we've got plenty of drawer space. [Somehow I get a message - don't know if it's through the mail or I go outside the house or what, something unusual about it.] I get a letter that says the writer's coming to visit soon, and in a tacked-on note, Maxine too. But it's not signed and we're having to speculate who sent it. I figure it's Ted. He said he'd visit, but why Maxine? Why would she want to come out here?