I was at university in Comms. The class was different and was bigger. We were told to write down our most recent dream. I wrote down one from '14 February' and it was long. It had a bit with James Spader. We didn't have to put our names on it and then we chucked them into a pile. It was quite a big pile. I was going through and I found some dreams in there written on these cool cardboard cards. I was with someone who I was friendly with and I wondered where to get the cards from and whose they were. We were near the front of the class and someone said "Izzy". I turned and it was Preston, who was sitting at the desk closest to us with another guy. He asked if I was looking for the person who wrote that dream and I said yeah. He asked why and I said "Coz I want some of those cards". He said it was him. The dreams on them were long and I figured he must record his dreams. I didn't ask him though. He told me they were from "Cook" and that he had gotten them 3 years ago. I asked the name of the shop again and he repeated "Cook". I was reading through them (there were two) and both mentioned me. Later, I was gathering all the dreams to keep. Also there were some survey things in there. One had 'best female friend' and the answer was 'Izzy'. It was Evelyn's. I wondered why she had me down there since we hadn't spoken in a year. There was a girl in the class called Sahara and she was Asian. Her survey had me as 'best plan'. Later, we were in this prison looking thing. It was inside and we were in the middle of a room. There were cells and balconies on the floor above. I was standing near Sahara, who was talking to Classmate-F-09. She said something about me and Classmate-F-09 screwed up her face in disgust. I was like 'Huh? What are you talking about? What did you say about me?' etc. No-one would tell me, then the people who believed I was innocent (most of them) were in the middle of this room, while the others walked around the outside (there were little walls around it). One of them was a black girl. Luciano and Quinton went out and Luciano distracted the outside people while Quinton and another person searched the cells. I was then searching and found a tape. It had the 'truth' about me on it. We played it and it had Christina (Ugly Betty) speaking. They called her Callie though. Calvin was also here at some point and Classmate-M-04 had said "I'm dangerous".