Mom dropped me off at the train station. I had gotten a letter from the school saying that I had photos to pick from last year. I told Mom to try and get them. It was inside a building. I hadn't been to this part of it before. I went down an escalator. This lady gave me a plastic folder and it had the photos in it. There was one of me, Calvin and others, but my hair was all in my face. I quickly flicked through to see if there were any of Eugene, but I didn't find any. I put it in my bag and jumped onto a train. It was two storeys. I climbed up and this guy was standing over two seats and he had no underpants on (just a shirt) and his balls were showing. There were lots of retards on the train. I asked the driver what the next stop was and she said "Peleigh" (I think. It started with P or B, and ended in 'eigh' -- prounced 'ee'). I looked on the map thing and the stop was miles away and it wasn't stopping at any stops in between. I called Mom to tell her. I asked if I should jump off and she said "Nah" but I jumped up as she said it. I forgot to grab my water though and it was now dark. It was a long walk back and Mom wouldn't get me. I started walking down a path on the street. There was a car parked in a driveway and some dodgy guys were sitting in it. This little thing started running towards me and it was a cute, fluffy little dog. It barked. I followed the train tracks and ended up at a restaurant which it went through (or past?). It was very big and fancy and I walked in at the bottom floor, but it also had an upstairs area. There was a parrot which would say "Charlie, can I take your order!" and some other variants. This was some in-joke which the patrons understood. I walked through and was chewing bubblegum. I was on the phone to Mom and went outside. I had a wobbly tooth. The gum got stuck on it, so I tried to pull it off with my fingers and my tooth came out. I said to Mom "My tooth fell out!". I said it must've been a baby tooth. I was walking on a wall and saw Spaceman on a roof, or something. I then realized it actually was Spaceman and saw "It is Spaceman!". There was a long drop between me and him, and so I just kept walking. I got down to walk around back to the tracks. There were lots of other obstacles. One was like a white water rafting thing, but as a slide. There were two sets of tracks going down it. I had to climb up, fighting the water and watching out for trains. So I walked around again (to walk around made it take a lot longer). I went to a chemist and bought something. Then I was watching a movie, I think. This girl was in the water, upside down. A shark was just beneath her, and presumably, thought something was wrong. She stayed still and then it started raining and the shark left. I think, eventually, I got back to civilization. I was looking through the photos and saw photos of Valerie and Ariana at my graduation. I didn't remember them being there and then I realized that "they were there for Farrah!". Dad asked which chemist I had gone to. I checked the bag and it said "Auto Express". There was also something before with Ezra.