I think Ezra and I went for a walk and we went to this guy's house. Ezra knew him. Ezra or someone stayed there. They complained about it there and said the rooster always woke them up and a shadow came through the window. They told the guy we were going to the shop and were taking the chickens in the car. We kept putting chickens in, I think there were nine. We started going and then we were walking. It was dark. This dodgy black dude was singing. We didn't want to walk past him so we ran back. We drove the car back down, the car was black I think. Then I think there were lots of people walking like zombies towards the house, including the guy from before. We ran in and I told Ezra to treat them like zombies. We barricaded the basement, but there were windows which were above ground. They were actually vampires. I went to the basement and was gathering weapons, saws and sharp things and things that would come in handy, such as a chisel. I put the smaller things in my pocket and went up the top. I'm not sure what started the attacks off. I killed quite a few. The guy who owned the house, I think was a vampire. Then it was Darren and Mom. He was a vampire and was going to kill us all. Mom asked if she could go somewhere with Ezra and she would come back and he said no angrily. The house looked like Nana's. I got the saw and walked to the dining room (from the lounge room, where the computer is). Mom and Darren were sitting at the table, eating dinner. Darren was at the end of the table, facing the kitchen and Mom was on the side with her back facing the other lounge room. I went to the back of Darren and whacked his neck with the saw. It didn't cut through and I kept hacking at it. It wouldn't go all the way through and was still attached. Mom like 'what have you done? What if he isn't a vampire/can be cured?' etc. Then he lifted his head up and looked back and me and I said "Oh yeah, it's the heart", he laughed and made fun of me. I tried to stab him in the heart but it wouldn't go through. I was trying from the back of him and cried out "where's the heart?!". Before, Cuddles was rolling on the table. When Ezra and I were walking around she kept following us. We didn't have money? I think Darren died then. Mom was then at the front door with one of the Pokemon games and I was talking to Ezra, asking "who wants it?". It was a GameBoy game though and she had this other old game. I said "I have that already too, oh, no I don't,". I let Ezra have it. We closed the blinds in Nana's room and the lounge room. Then there was this guy in Nana's room, and I think he was a vampire. Nana went in to talk and it turned out she was in on all of the vampire stuff. There were some people out the back and they didn't know about all the vampires. They were still trying to get in. This guy and this girl were married. He was now a vampire though (he was the guy from before) and was changing. The girl came in and his face was half vampire. She started kissing him and they had sex. This was all on a video and he bit her, because she wanted it. Later, this guy stole the sex tape, which was on a reel, and played it . The guy and the girl were on the floor, naked under a blanket (in the video). They turned it on and showed him (the guy who had had sex with her, didn't remember it). He jumped onto her and bit her. There was a game before, where there were different genres of games -- math games, cooking games etc. When you got certain percentages on games on a certain level you unlocked something. One of them was 25% on the cooking game and 25% on something else and that unlocked this James Spader, Sims 3 character or something. I was annoyed because I didn't like the cooking games.