I went out to this club, or something. On the way back, I was on the train. I was sitting in the aisle seat, next to this girl who was listening to her iPod. I heard her singing a new song that Liam Sullivan did. Then a while later she was singing Day Man (from It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia) and I was like 'Hey, I love that show!'. We talked for a bit and she asked what my name was, I said "Izzy" and she said "full name?" and I said "Izzy Conell, with one 'N',". She had a laptop and went to Facebook and added me. She came back to dads with me. As we walked up the driveway, the curb had 'Day Man' written on it. My room was clean and I said "ignore the poo under my chair, if any is there". There was, so I got a tissue and picked it up. It was fresh. I explained I couldn't smell. She got bored. She decided to leave and I said that we should go back to Mom's, as it's more interesting there. I tried calling Mom but I got no answer. We started walking up the hill, and at the top it was different. Her car was parked up there. Some Native teenagers got in it. I was behind her, so I started walking towards some houses, instead of with her in case there was trouble. She told them to get out and they did and came towards her. Their father, or something, came too and they took her into an alley. I walked to a house and knocked on the door and said "call the police!". The guy inside asked why and I said it was an "8" (dream coding). He just kept asking what was happening. I started running back home. One of the bad guys saw me and started chasing me. I tried to call Dad, but he didn't answer. I called Ezra and I said "the police are coming" and he said "ok" and hung up before I could say anything. I kept trying to call back but no-one would answer. I got to dads and went inside, and the guy left. Dad then tried to start the car up outside. He complained because all of a sudden the episodes he had of Grey's Anatomy wouldn't work. The last episode he had watched had a guy called Pharaoh, and I asked "the one with Dustin Hoffman?" and he said he watched that one ages ago. I said I was way behind.