We were in a car with Mom on the freeway. We passed a car and Dad was in the back reading. Nana and Poppa were in the front. I wound down the window to say hello. We met up somewhere. I was then 'driving' without a car though. It involved me lying on the ground. Nana was trying to teach me. I was putting Pokemon into groups of three, and if it was in a group of 3, it didn't need something (cooking, it looks like). The way they were teaching me using cooking analogies and I had no idea what they were talking about. Mom went to see a friend. Her friend looked just like Lauren Ambrose. She said she was going to buy a bar with her boyfriend. Mom said we'd be asked to go drinking. Some time before, I called 'Perf ID' to get a proof of age card but it would take weeks to get. Later, I was at a shop. I wandered off by myself. Three people were nearby talking about fat and they stopped saying to be quiet because there was a fat person nearby (me). I turned around and said 'that was subtle'. One of them was a fat guy. I said "at least I'm not fat and ugly like you" and he said "stop talking to yourself". There were clothes shops and clothes racks everywhere. Some of the shop wasn't built yet. I went to a shop with Mom, and then I wandered off again. There was a jewelry section which was really big and full of people. I tried to run through. I went to this other shop which had lots of DVD's. I saw A Few Good Men, and on the cover were Sarah Michelle Gellar and James Spader. I went to pick it up, but this other girl did first. She was like 'I want to see this' and I said "he's barely in it", and then said 'both of them, actually'. She was like 'why should I trust you?'. There were other James Spader movies. She wanted them. Then it was Christian Bale we were discussing and his movies were there -- American Psycho, The Machinist and a version of The Shining. I recommended those to get. Then it was back to James Spader. Mom came and I said 'that was so funny' and she asked "Did you used to have a crush on James Spader?" and I said "No!". She said when I was younger, I had picked a movie off the shelf, and it had been Sex, Lies and Videotape. I was like 'I love that movie!'. There was a shop which had photos of me and Ezra when we were younger. In one, I had lots of jewelry and I was like 'ew, I don't remember that, what was I thinking?'.