I was at university, which was different. The classrooms were much bigger. It was Wednesday and everyone had an extra class. Mine was a second language one, but I didn't know what the language was. The class was very full. We had no teacher. The guy in front of me started calling out "Jello?" and other fat names. They threw some stuff back and I presumed it was aimed at me, so I ignored them. The guy next to me had this crossbow thing with pasta. They aimed it at me, so I snapped off a piece and whacked his face with it. He got angry and then everyone was throwing stuff at me and attacking me. I ran out. I had gotten hurt between my fingers and it was bleeding. As I left, the side of the class was open. I hit a few people on the way out. I found a teacher and told her what happened. I was in her classroom and I saw her last name was Amundson, but it wasn't actually her. There was a lady in the hall teaching a second language using a drawing on the wall. It was of grass, bush and sky. She told them to work out of you cross the park, will the light be darker or lighter. As I walked back past the classroom, I slapped the girls sitting on the side and then pulled their hair back, hard. I told this teacher that I wasn't going back to that class. I went back and she was telling them off, but it was a different class. I couldn't find my bag and this guy at the front of the class found it and gave it back. I went to the next class, which was math. Preston and Regina were there. They were in the second row, sitting at each end of the row (Regina was closest to the entrance). There was a spare desk next to each of them. Preston smiled as I walked in. I went to the third row and this girl in the fourth said "you can totally sit next to me" and I realized she was a girl from the other class. I said 'I don't think so' and went and sat next to Regina. I told her what happened but she didn't seem too interested. She asked me what other subject I got. She said it was a "blank slate". The teacher was male and I knew him and was thinking he was my English teacher or something. He looked like Larry Moss from 24. I remembered my math teacher was a female, and was Ms Kuo. I decided I wasn't going to stay for Communications after this. I text Mom to tell her.