I'm not sure how this one started either, but Willow, Xander (both from Buffy the Vampire Slayer) and I were outside in the street running from people. There were crowds everywhere which we had to run through. He took a car and was going "20 km/h over the limit". We drove slowly past the cops, who were preoccupied anyway. Then we were walking. We went into this building and we went to leave (and it was just Xander and I now), but we saw people running down the street and were near the entrance, so we had to find another way out. There was a small gap where a window should be, which I could fit through. We left through there. We were then at some house/cabin thing in a forest. I got a phone call and it was from some dude asking me to steal a gun back. I said no and that I thought it was wrong. He kept going on about it so I said that I'd do it. We went back to this room and there were lots of people. They congratulated me because it was the right answer. Buffy decided to go out with Xander. The next day, they were both wearing glasses. I was in a library; they saw each other and waved. Cordelia and Buffy were wearing the exact same outfit. Cordelia saw what Buffy was wearing, some kind of skirt and a "pie shirt". I was at university, but it was different. I was in the computer room which was huge and like a library on the second floor. I needed to know a room number and asked Classmate-F-14, who gave me the number. I checked the door and it was a 5 digit number. I went back to the computer, and Lillian was on it. I pulled the chair out, aggressively, but then I realized she was only sitting there temporarily. There was a photo of me naked on the computer. Mom and I were then at some vacation? We were at a cabin and Ezra fell asleep. I was going for a walk and there was a woman with a dog. She asked if I'd seen her dog. I had seen her before. I said no and to look behind something that was in a front lawn. I asked what kind of dog and she said "Alaskan Malamute" and I said they were cute. There was a park and around it was a building. There were two patches of grass. There was water in it -- something about a game? There was a 'The Making of' and [something I can't read] slows for walk. Ezra, Mom and I were supposed to go for a walk. This girl was playing with her dog.