I was at some building. At the entrance, there was an escalator which went down to the carpark. The carpark was confusing. I was walking with Angel (Buffy the Vampire Slayer) and I think we were dating. We were walking through and there were other people in these robes, but I think they were aliens. They had this dark space where the face should be. We went into this section and there were lots of other people too. We had to fill these 'holds', which were big cubicle like sections. The first two were full and Angel and I went into the third one. Someone else I knew was also in that one. Ezra was in the first one. They started giving random people guns and I realized they were going to make them shoot people. I was sitting on the floor and I got up and went and sat closely next to Angel. I remembered that we had had an argument not too long ago. Farrah came in to our hold, holding a gun, saying she knew who she wanted to kill and aimed at me, so I closed my eyes and she shot. She had shot the person next to me. I said to Angel "we have to escape!" and we ran out. I was thinking I had to get Ezra out. I was then by myself and I opened a door which led into an underground carpark. It was pitch black and was really scary. I heard a muffled cough, which freaked me out, and I moved quietly out. I ended up at the entrance. It was night, and there was an alarm light. There were people trying to break in. They got in and I threw something at them and then ran. Some chased me down the road. This guy stopped his car and told them to leave me alone. He said he'd help me. I didn't trust him though. His car was old and a manual. I said I'd walk with him and he agreed. We went down the road and this other guy's car was stopped and there was a loud high pitched noise, which I thought was a radio signal. This other car stopped and there were these white tiger things walking around. They chased us and we ran. We went up a park like thing and then they were gone. We got to a road and I asked "which way is Midvale?". We started walking down one way and then we were back at the place I was before. There was a section where they made burgers (giant sized). Then the guy who had helped me was, or at least looked like, Robert Downey Jr. and we hid in a burger (separately). I called Mom to tell her to meet me there. We left and she was behind this car dressed as a penguin. This was something to do with Robert Downey Jr. and 'The Whole of the Moon'.