I can't remember the beginning but I was with Spike (Buffy the Vampire Slayer) and someone else in a house (or something). I asked what time it was and someone said it was 4 in the morning. We opened the door and it looked more like 4pm. It was cloudy though. I think I was a vampire too. I had pants on and we grabbed a jacket to hold over us and we ran out. Spike ripped a branch off a bush with leaves to hold in front of his face to protect it. We went to this shop. It was really confusing to get there from where we were. I had to jump into this little thing, which was like an elevator. It was like a waist-high tray, which you stood in and had to control it yourself. It was hard to control, and would tilt and could go upside down. I wasn't very good at it and had to keep holding on to the ropes and going up really high, when I needed to go down, etc. This lady was waiting and got impatient and made it go back to her. Eventually I got into the shop. I was in the aisle with the chocolates but they all had expired years ago. I was looking at the Chomps, Kinder Surprises etc. Spike asked me for them, and then we were sneaking them into girls' bags. He told me earlier he was in love with Buffy. He was talking about it, but it seemed like he actually liked me. There was a competition thing which a bunch of girls had entered by filling out forms. There was a guy with a gun and he shot this dog and it fell over in a dead heap. A policeman captured him. I was lying on my back on the ground and Spike came on top of me and we started making out. Later, or maybe before, Mom had met this guy who could go invisible but he couldn't remember who he was. He came over. Ezra heard some people planning on robbing Poppa and he was going to try and infiltrate the group. I was at home. There were two dogs there. One was at the bottom of the pool. One of them was called Adam. There was also some guy who had made this path, and some tiles had fish patterns on them. Certain ones would break if you stepped on them and would crumble away.