I was watching Lost. They had finished up at the DHARMA initiative. They were getting flashes again. Kate and Ben are the only two who I remember. Then I was getting flashes, along with a few others. This girl and I went to this train station thing to wait for another person. From the future, there had been a girl with curly blonde hair. We were trying to look out for her because she was a bad guy. I saw her and we had to ask her to hold onto this brown board of wood. We knew she would betray us, but had to get her to do it. We got onto a train. There were mirrors on the sides, which showed 'reality' -- the food had maggots and such. The bad girl left. We then were at a house and it was night. We had to leave. We went out the door and it was pitch black outside. I saw (bad) people hiding in the bushes and such on the other side of the road. We carefully crawled out and went behind bushes instead of going near the road, and made it to the back of the house. Then the girl I was with was Anya (Buffy the Vampire Slayer) and she was talking about jobs she wanted -- including an ambulance driver. We saw a group of people and I assumed they were religious singing people. We went over and this girl who looked just like Anya hugged her and it was her mother (she didn't know, as she had taken over a body). Her mother asked her where Oz (Buffy the Vampire Slayer) was as he had been her boyfriend. Then I was at a library/book shop and it reminded me of Planet Video. Ms Ingram was there. She was trying to help me find handouts for my speech. We decided on a poster of Watchmen. I wanted this 'real' one which had Jeffrey Dean Morgan in the corner, but I could only find cartoon ones. There was a real one but it only had Jeffrey Dean Morgan on it. Part of my speech mentioned Lisa from The Simpsons and Ms Ingram showed me some Bart and Homer pictures. There were some South Park pictures which were 3D-ish and smoothed out. There was something that had Cartman talking and I couldn't work out if it was his real voice or not.