I was with a guy friend and we were in bed. It was then Xander and Willow (both Buffy the Vampire Slayer). She asked "did we sleep together?". Then I was somewhere else on a bed with others and there was a photo of Mariyam at a party and she had her pants off and had a guy's penis in her mouth. We were all like 'ew!'. Tigger was at Mom's on my bed, and then went under it. Ezra was reading off a file and Jayson's photo was next and I realized it was my PowerPoint presentation. I got it off him and put it under my bed. Then I was with Chuck (Chuck) in a carpark. We liked each other but I think I was like in Sarah's position, but then I was just a normal person. Sarah was there too and she had something in her head that let her scan licence plates. I was on the net and looking at Yvonne Strahovski and Zachary Levi's profiles on Flixter or something. I tried to download the latest episode (it was up to season 3), but I accidentally downloaded a season 1 episode and then one from season 2. Then Darren had his own house and we went over there. He had a sister called Astrid. It was night. I joked to Mom "What a lovely name". They told me to be quiet. There was a monster? It had a sharp jagged claw thing. I managed to cut its arm off. It stabbed Darren, but he was ok. We were then in a carpark again and it was lying dead on the ground. The police came; one of them was a young guy. They asked us what we were up to, 'drinking' etc (they were suspicious of us). Ezra was with us. I said "Yeah we're out drinking with a 15 year old". The cop grabbed Ezra's hand and was questioning him about not having a job since he was old enough etc. Then, I can't remember properly, but I was in a game? There were zombie things and I ran into a room and I had to do stuff to get to the next room. There was a hole in the wall and I opened a latch and this octopus/squid thing was in there. I pulled out the tentacles and then I had to punch it in the head. I then had to reach in and grab its eyeballs. I did so. I put the eyeballs in the door slot and went to the next room. I was in a hall with tools on the walls. I grabbed a hammer and a chisel. I walked through to the next room and Yvonne Strahovski was there. We had to do excavation type digging and I had grabbed the right tools. I told the girl next to me I did this in robotics. Then I was with Chuck and Sarah and we had to take the elevator to the top floor and to the roof of this building. There were 11 floors. I got in and an Asian dude got in too. It passed the 11th floor and I got off with him. I don't know what I did, but I was then coming back down the road and there was a plane on the freeway (this was on the roof?). This lady pointed me in the direction of the door. I got in the elevator and this guy came and I tried to close the door before he got in, but he got in. I thought he was dodgy. He pressed the button for the first floor. He got off there and I was now 'Chuck' and had no intersect. He got off but I went to the floor below because I couldn't be bothered running down the stairs. I ran outside and there were dodgy cars. There was a bomb thing but I didn't know where to go. I ran and hid behind bushes out the front of the shop. There was lots of gunfire and I was now Ellie and she cried "Chuck!" (quietly).