I got a game for something. I got a Pokemon game and a doctor game thing. I was playing the Pokemon game and I had to heal three types of Pokemon but you also got other animals coming in that needed healing. You could then use them on a farm. Ezra was there too. The Pokemon came through yellow, blue or pink, and they just looked like flippers. The setting was in like a portable hospital (it was like a caravan). I told Ezra what to do and said to use something -- you had lots of choices. We shoved it in (the needle or whatever) and it died. We then were following the steps off a guide and it was all working. Then we were in the ground because we had to plant a tree. Someone played a joke on me? I was then at a school. I was in class and Ms Ingram asked who liked to work alone. I put my hand up, as did Preston, but then he also put his hand up for working in a group. I had an argument with this guy on the oval and I called him a 'tard'. He started calling me fat and ugly and I said "at least I'm not retarded". He got angry and was like 'what did you say?!'. I was far away from class and started walking across the oval to go home. I realized I forgot my shoes and walked back. I went back to the class and three guys were chucking shoes onto the roof (there were lots of shoes). I realized I had 'three' of my shoes. They had also stolen something else (Freddo's, etc). As I took them off him, they were on my face again (that's what it looks like, it might not be 'on'). I had a fight with him and after that he was friendly towards me. He played soccer. Later, I was at Mom's, which was totally different and in a different area. It was night and very dark. My computer was outside. It was on the edge of a hill, which I walked up with this old lady and Mom, Nana, Poppa, Uncle Wilbur and Dad were there, outside another house. Poppa started trying to have sex with Nana and pushed her on the floor. They were joking about it, and then Uncle Wilbur went on her and Poppa and his 'boss'. Everyone was laughing and joining in while I stood in shock. I just got what I went there to get and walked back. There were some people with a cute kitten and I said it looked like their old one and then they killed it. It came back though. They kept killing it but it just kept coming back.