I complained to Darren that Ezra's carpet was better than mine. They were going to be doing something to mine, so we decided to change it. We were getting paper and rubbing off the floor to put carpet down. There was a layer of 'carpet balls' and they were small. I was watching Buffy the Vampire Slayer. They were in a caravan. Buffy was upset with everyone for not noticing her, then she invisible. She left and time passed (it was only a while for her). She went to a house and there was a guy who looked like "James Spader or Jimmi Simpson" (that's what I thought). He was young (in his 20's). She wasn't invisible at the moment and she was inside. She passed a mirror and he had no reflection, so she staked him. She went to leave and then he said that it wasn't going to stop him. Then the cops were at the door. He went out and so did Buffy. He walked out into the sunlight and was ok. She went to the Magic Box, but it was closed down. It was only a small shop on the corner of a street. There were puppies and kittens left inside (it had been a pet shop). She went inside. She was now invisible again, but this old lady came and could see her. She told her to do some stuff and then she went all senile and said "you have milk with your milk!" and got angry. Buffy left and she was now me. It was starting to get dark and vampires started coming out. I was staking them and got in a car. The old lady said "you'll never get your licence!". I was running the vampires down and there were groups of them at every turn. A teenage guy was at a skate park thing and there were long jumps. His 'friend' asked him if he'd ever done some cool trick and he said yeah, but was obviously lying. They were near a school, which I ran into. We were then all running around in the stairwell and using this broken bit of wood as a stake and some vampires didn't 'dust'. There were lots of different sets of stairs and it was really confusing. The vampires would bite people and they would turn straight away and keep biting, so they just kept increasing and there were heaps. Cordelia was there and was like 'what is going on? Zombies?'. I wasn't very scared of them and was going straight into them and staking them. I was then hiding out in the stairs with a few people. The vampires called everyone down and a small group and I went up this set of stairs, quietly. We got to the top and it was just a small balcony at the top of the gym (where everyone was), and no way to get off. There was a huge crowd down there. The only way to get off was to go straight into them. So, we leapt off onto this mat, which fell into them and some people fell off. We staked some and then the mat bounced back up and the next one fell into another group of vampires and we lost some more of the group. We tried to get to the next one but they got us. There were only three of us still human. They put us up against the wall and asking if we wanted to be turned or just killed. There was a video shop right outside the gym. Some guys came in and the vampires saw them and were like 'tasty snack'. One of the guys then turned around with a gun pointed at them and he was Colin Farrell and I was like 'oh no, Colin Farrell!'. I was thinking 'please don't let Colin Farrell save the day'. They were shooting and I was trying to work out how to escape. Then I was in a cinema with Dad and we were watching some Colin Farrell movie. I hadn't actually watched it and it ended, and everyone stood up and applauded it and were crying. I was annoyed, thinking that I'd wished I'd watched it.