I was at home. Ezra was having a party and there were lots of teenagers there. I was secretly going out with Neil Flynn and he was there too. He was a bit Janitor-like (Scrubs). Ezra and I were in the pool but I wasn't putting my head underwater. This guy was in a costume with a creepy mask and it gave me chills and freaked me out. There was a tall, pale guy but Neil was still heaps taller. Some girls, Neil and I left and we ended up at another party. There were some people sitting on the lounge, including Neil. I sat on front of him and he was subtly touching me with his foot. Also, Ezra was saying that he thought he was gay and Mom was like 'no, you're not gay'. We all left again and Lindsay Lohan was with us now. There wasn't enough room in the car. Lindsay was usually the driver, I think, but she moved into the back to sit on someone's lap. I didn't know where Neil was and I said "Where's Janitor? We can't leave without Janitor". But then he was in the driver's seat. I couldn't see over his head because he was so tall (I was behind the driver). While driving, he asked "Izzy, can you hand me some of those handwipes?" and I asked "KFC ones?".  There were a few scattered on the floor. I picked one up and handed it over and he gently held and stroked my fingers as he took it. I fell back in my seat, really happy and thinking that no-one in the car knew or saw it. I don't know where we went then, but it was possibly Mom's. It was different though. I was on the bed, and Neil was on the computer which was against the wall next to the bed. He was looking at pipes and stuff -- because he was a janitor? I had found my dream books earlier, which had been in a cupboard at home. There weren't any 96 page ones and they were small. I was going through them and mentioned a recent dream. Neil asked "was I in it?" and I said "yep". He said something about the room and I said "it's got a lock on the door". I started putting away stuff on the bed. I was watching Scrubs and Todd said "Yep, everyone's a fart". Then, Neil's character was called Todd and I thought it was odd that I never noticed there were two Todd's. Some time before, I showed Mom some books. This girl came into the room and said "sucks he's not interested in me" and I responded "I don't care". Mom was watching Supernatural. It was the end of season 2 or a TV movie. There was a weird cloudy thing in the sky. There was a guy with a dog and a car. I was watching episode 2 and was making fun of Dean's face. I was thinking that now Mom would now who Sam and Dean are.