I was telling Ezra about the last episode of Lie to Me, the one with the prison, while I was eating. Mom was making pudding in the oven and it had peas and corn in it too, to make it warmer. Then I was half watching/half living it. There was a prison. There were 5/10 people left that knew something. Two of them were supposedly in there. One was called Claire and she had a kid in there who had been killed (I think) and hidden in a vending machine. There was a room and I got dragged in there by a bad guy. The room was full of 'good' prisoners. The guards came in and all the prisoners killed them. I knew which people knew the thing. I said, to a bad guy, 'I'd like to say I'd last 50 years [of torture], but I wouldn't last one year' and that I didn't know anything. I was offered a comfortable room. Scrubs was on TV and Carla knew a patient's illness, but was waiting for Elliot to get it. The Janitor was somewhere too, and someone proposed to Elliot. Then there was a game and it was Left 4 Dead like and I had a computer team. We had guns so were shooting the zombies. Then we hid in a big bathroom (it was really big, like the size of the kitchen and lounge room or bigger). It was full of zombies and there was a witch one (from Left 4 Dead) and it screamed at me and I shot it. I kept opening the door and shooting whatever was there.  Then two of the computer team came. Dylan Moran was in there too and he got bit. I shot him in the groin/stomach area. He was confused about it and I told him he was going to turn. He was upset. His hand had been shot on the side and it was bloody and gross. I sat down next to him and ran my fingers through his hair, thinking I'd always wanted to do that. My gun was on the ground and I saw him tense up so I moved it away. My phone rang and it was a black team-mate (a computer player). He asked "Where are you?", I replied "Uh... bathroom". He hung up. It was time for a herd. We got given an extra gun, mine was heavy. I put my back up against the wall and put Dylan Moran in the corner so if he turned I could shoot him. Then Jack and Ben (both from Lost) had been in a fight and Ben had died, but he knew who the last person was (of those people that knew something) and so brought him back. Ben was visibly happy and Jack warned him about these 'fairy' things. One of them, if you got bit, there was no coming back. Then he was saying Turk (Scrubs) didn't want to know. Ben was cheery and then he got hit in the back with a paste from the fairy thing and I was thinking 'no, they can't kill him twice'. Also, I did end up having to shoot Dylan Moran. I was watching It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia. Mac was with two guys. I was like "Who's the other one? Charlie! Duh, my favourite!". Mac was working in a pizza place or something.