I was invited to a party. I went with Mom, Ezra, Dad and Nana to check out the place. The people there were really friendly and had glasses of a chocolate drink. I had a taste and it was really nice. I liked Coke too. They left and then Ezra and I were left there. Ezra was then a friend of mine. They told us to stay in a room and they took our phones. Eventually, some guys were playing poker in a room next to us, but downstairs. They were smoking and drinking and laughing like they were going to do something bad. My friend was now Zach Braff and we were joking around and he accidentally grabbed my butt. I said "why'd you do that?" and he said "I don't know, I didn't think ahead". I'm not sure how long after, but a girl started screaming and they tried to get in our room. I tried to keep the door closed. Outside the room, they had babies and puppies and were dropping them off the balcony (an inside balcony). I tried to call out to one of them and they laughed and it was really evil sounding. They were raping girls. We kept trying to escape but it was impossible. It then reset to just before Mom and co left. I let them leave again. The same stuff happened, but I got my phone back and tried to call the police. I said I didn't remember the street name and it was written on the fridge, but I said it was in Dianella. Then the person on the phone started talking weird and I realized it was one of the bad guys. I realized my phone had been modified. I tried to send a message on Facebook, via my phone. By the way, when it reset, Ezra and I remembered everything but no-one else did. It reset again and this time I got my phone back before it got modified, but they gave me my friend's phone and my phone to them. My friend was now Calvin. I text Mom the address and told her to get me now. This time we managed to escape and Calvin, others and I ran into a shop area and all the bad guys were chasing us. It was night. Some of us got caught. A few of us also hid in a bush but some got up and they saw us. A few of us (including myself) ran into a tunnel, which were train tunnels but they were like sewer tunnels. We just ran blindly down the tracks and tunnels and up and down sets of stairs. I called Mom and one of them answered. I couldn't outrun them so I tried to hide under a set of stairs. Then a head was next to me and he said "hello" in a deep voice, which scared me. It reset again (to before Mom and co left) and I said "let's go now". Dad was in a Ute and I was standing outside waiting to get in. The sky was cloudy and evil. I was telling Dad about what kept happening and he said they had to lay off the 'scary' stories.