Mom, Ezra and I were in the car on the way to university. The car was fire truck like. They made sandwiches and I didn't know where mine was. It was outside, on the windscreen, but I couldn't reach it. Then it was Dad instead of Mom. There was also a muffin with 50g of fat in it, but I ate it anyway. It started pouring down. The front of the university had big glass weird angled things and the rain would just slide off. They dropped me off somewhere and I got lost. I wandered into an arcade and my teacher was there. Then there was a lockdown.  I was also with a guy from class and he was quite hot. It was then a game and we had to shoot something out of a hole. There was a boat and you had to get two rocks onto it and it would take you back. I decided to leave. It was now like a big shop. There were lots of something I can't read (looks like straps). The hot guy, someone else and I were in a room. The hot guy started singing and I joined in. I then realized it was 'What's Going On' and since I hate it, I stopped, wondering how I even knew the words. The song had a mention of Morgan Freeman. There was a change room with toilets. Every cubicle was open and scattered with clothes. There was someone in one. There was a girl smoking and being rude. I left and she followed me. I went back to the room with the hot guy and I saw the girl still around so I locked the doors. She banged on it and wanted to get in. I needed to put my bra on and some pants as they had my SmartRider in them. I couldn't find them. I was now with a girl friend. I told her to make sure the webcams were turned off. I got changed and then I was some hated girl in a TV show. My friend used to be a main character that did drugs and alcohol and had problems with anorexia etc. She came back once before and helped someone. She had light blue hair. Anyway, she planned a way for me to leave. She got a heap of people to run out in different directions and so people would follow and allow me to walk from the school to the train station. Daryl was one of them. I got to a path leading up a hill and Turk and Carla (both from Scrubs) were digging up dead bodies. A girl said "say thank you" and the person she was talking to said "thanks baby". I went to a restaurant thing and I decided to get a job application. Then the 'bad' girl saw me. I ran and ended up on a beach. The girl friend came and grabbed her hands. I ran up a wood thing. I can't read what happened, but she did something to her and threw her shouting, but she was dead. Also before, some girl did websites and a girl was upset because she stopped doing them?