I was in the car with Mom and Ezra. I saw a Ute with rubbish on the back and Tobias (Arrested Development) was on it. I said "I'm Ms Featherbottom, would you like a banger in the mouth? Oh, I meant sausages!" and laughed. We were then at a shop and I was with Dad. I had a puzzle book. My teeth were hurting and started falling out. We left and were in a red convertible. I looked behind us to check if anyone was following us. Then, Jeremy Northam and this guy were talking at the shop. It was a movie and it showed Jeremy going to war and they would meet after he got back each time and they would chat on a bench. The last time they met, they had aged quite a bit. One day, Jeremy didn't return. But, then the guy saw him and a girl, explaining that he faked his death because people were after him. They got a mission and they had to pick up some stuff from a letterbox. I was with them. We pulled up on the other side of the road from the place (it was night). It was like an apartment block. Jeremy went out to the letterbox out the front of. A light went out in a top apartment. He opened the letterbox to check it and then someone shot at him. He ran back to the car. We drove off and pulled into a lady's house, who was a doctor. As they walked up to the house, I was watching a movie again and it was called 1, 2, 3 Life. I said "I always thought it was Fight Club". Brad Pitt was in it. We got inside and turned off the lights. We heard a car driving fast past the house. Jeremy had been shot and the doctor went with him to help him. The rest of us hung out in the dining room (which was part of the room where you first enter the house). The lights outside could be change from switches inside and would change the patterns of the lights. I stupidly played with it. I heard a car drive past and quickly turned them off. It came back past and then screeched to a stop. We all went quiet and listened. We heard people get out and I ran to the back of the house to warn the lady. The blinds on the windows were mostly open and so we were all hiding under them and next to stuff. I kept moving. Two of the guys, including the guy from before, were hiding behind the table in the dining room. I joined them, but then I ran back and I saw the bathroom and that it had no windows. The bath was like a bunk bed and took up all of the room. There were blankets and stuff in it; I figured that must've been where the lady had been keeping Jeremy. Then the bad guys were coming through the windows. I ran into a room, where a guy was coming through the window backwards. I grabbed him and from behind, put my arm around his throat until he went limp, then I got a knife out of my pocket (or wherever I was keeping it) and stabbed him in the chest. I took his gun. Two guys were coming down the hall and I pointed the guy's gun at them, then the people said "now" and the rest started coming in through the windows. I shut the door of the room, which was a sliding door, and hoped they would go for the others. I opened it and they were still there. I couldn't reload the gun so I ran into them and one shot the other one accidentally. I got the knife and was stabbing his hand and I shook the other one off to get his gun.