I was at a pet shop. There was an open area with little dogs and it had flaps. Later I was at school or something. There was a room with a bed and a bedside table and my dreams were on it. Preston was there and he read one and so I moved them. Seamus was on a computer playing Runescape. He had pretty good levels. I left and went on another computer and talked to him on Runescape. Ezra was on too. I got distracted and logged off. Seamus asked me to lunch and so I went. As I went to leave he called it a date and I said that "it wasn't a date, it was food". He insisted it was a date and asked me to meet him in the cafe again. I walked off. Later I left class. There was an upstairs section -- which was where the cafe was. But from where I came from, I had to walk a fair way to the stairs. I could climb this frame and go through a hole, which I had done before. I tried now, but I couldn't do it. There were stairs on it, but on the roof of it, upside down. I went the long way and past the cafe to see if he was there. He wasn't. Then I heard him call to me and called me over. I shook my head and walked away. Then there were demons, but they were nice. One said that someone was in the "rear view mirror" -- it was Seamus, disguised. I was then in a cinema and something was playing and it said "Harpo" and I said "Marx! Please be Duck Soup!" But it was something I hadn't heard of. I went through a door in a hall and a girl came out of the toilets that had the male symbol on the door. A bunch of girls saw and laughed. I went further down the hall and I was back at the pet shop. There were some people there and they were turning back and forth between humans and dogs. They went a bit crazy with light (or it could be night, but I think it's light). One of them was Boomer (Battlestar Galactica). Her boyfriend had been in the car with her when she changed and she had grabbed his hair and ripped off his skin. Seamus was also one of them and Rico (Six Feet Under). He was sometimes Seamus. I was trying to help them. I went outside and got in the car with Mom and Ezra. They were coming towards the shop still and I told them to stop. I got out and went over to "see my least favourite person", who was Seamus, and he was standing outside the shop.