Mom, Ezra and I were in the car and had to pull up on the side of the road in the middle of nowhere and it was night. There was a car in front of us. Then there was another car crossing the road. I saw the licence plate was 8ZE-963 and I realized it was Eugene's car. It turned out his father Abraham was in it and his name was like Meluson and he was dead? I'm not sure what happened but we were then walking. I had no shoes, only those socks I have with the little doopy things underneath. It was day and the ground was hot. Then we were using rollerblades and were going really fast down the road. We went into a shop and were getting chocolates. I got a Lite Mars Bar. I heard two people talking about a robbery, and I realized they thought we were going to steal. Ezra said "figures", referencing the fact that we weren't dressed in expensive clothes in this posh area. We went to the checkout and left. There was a cat outside that kept hissing at everyone. There was a girl and two days after her birthday something had happened. The lid on my water bottle was gross and I was going to take a lid off of someone else's that was on a table outside, but I then realized that was disgusting. There was a forest across the road. Police and other people were scattered around. There were a lot of cop cars. I went over and then they all came back to one place. Then some others and I were running through it and everyone chased us. I climbed up a tree and the people walked past looking for us. I got down and started running again. Then Eugene was with us and he was my boyfriend, I think. He told me to keep running one way, across the road, and then there was more forest which was thicker. I kept running and I got separated from him. After running through some forest on the other side, there was a field and then there was a hill a while away with some woody forest path. Then there was a UFO and it got too close and caught on the power lines and crashed into the ground. I yelled at everyone to run back and it exploded. Then it was like a Government tape I was watching and had end of Cloverfield like writing on it. I turned it off. Then it was a movie and for the sequel they wanted me to return, though I was supposed to have died. Eugene had survived and was upset about me having died. In the first movie, at the beginning there was a jetty with boats in the water. I can't read the next bit [something about countries], but it then says that the land wasn't ok to live on. There weren't many in the first one but in the sequel there were more of them. There was a female president, or at least, I assumed she was the president.