Mom, Ezra, Amelia and I were staying at dads. When it was dinner time, she hadn't made me anything so I had a Vegemite sandwich and complained to her. In the morning, she came into my room with Fug and I said to get out of my room. I went on my computer and it was in a different place (the house was now totally different) I was reading the IMDb forum for Jim Sturgess and looking at pictures. Someone said about him, "nice cleft and asylum". I was also playing Fusion Effect, which was different. People came in and I saw Silas and Seamus. They had a camera. They were talking and laughing and I turned off my monitor so they couldn't see what I was doing. They wanted to get a photo taken with me. I was like 'I just woke up!'. They showed me their MySpace page and they had been getting pictures taken with everyone from school. I was wearing my Spongebob shirt. I went against the wall and Silas was next to me. He sort of put his arms around me in a hug and I was like 'what the hell, don't touch me!'. Seamus stood a bit in front. He mentioned that on MySpace, photos of me and my photos had lots of negative ratings, so I went on later and put lots of thumbs up on them to make them positive. I was talking to Calvin later and he was now where we were. There was a video with this weird aquatic creature, they called it a jellyfish. It had a weird mouth. I said I would've kicked it in the head. I was saying how when survival guides, and the like, tell you to do certain things, that it's never your first thought. Then there was a lizard and it was chasing me. I ran and closed this door to trap it, but the door didn't close all the way (it was like a sliding door, but with the folds in it) so I ran, squealing. It kept following us. We all jumped up on stuff, I jumped onto a desk. It came to me and hung around the bottom of the desk. I jumped off, because it would like copy you, so I was trying to act out "jump off a cliff", so it would die. I tripped and was on my back and it ran towards my face and then I woke up.