There was a movie out that I wanted to see. Dakota Fanning had written and starred in it, but it looked cool. Mom wouldn't go to the cinema. I went to university and got to the normal place I go and I had a bag of stuff, so I went to a safe, which was in the middle of a path and I put my stuff in there. I then went to the lab, but it was actually a room with grey patches on the wall. Mr Epstein was there. By putting your face up to the patches you could see a dream in 3D, or a thought or whatever. Ezra was there too. Then the images were like 'real'. I went into one and it was my dream. The Rock, Ezra and I were in a house. I saw this huge slug under this thing and it had like, two heads. The Rock went to get it and then there was a spider on his "bum" and he stabbed it. The slug crawled up him and then there was a huge rock monster outside. People were running around screaming everywhere, but it was after me and Ezra. It would open its mouth and roar and punch its fist down and we would run. We got into a car and The Rock wanted to get in but it would fully break? He got in and told me to drive through the oval -- there were kids on the oval and he said it would eat them and get distracted so we could get away. So I drove through. I got out of mine and then I went to Ezra's one. He tried to kill me because he thought that he was in mine and I said it wasn't true because mine was lame and in a dark cave. In Ezra's, he had made a village with a friend. Then he stopped and I said to check mine out. Then there was another dream thing. I got into a car on a hill and Buffy's mother (Buffy the Vampire Slayer) got into the passenger seat and Buffy (Buffy the Vampire Slayer) came to my window and said "I'll drive" and then we 'combined'. This was a thing that came from a wish she made. It was then reality again and the movie I wanted to see was like my dream with the rock monster. Mom was now ordering tickets but they were saying that it was full. There was one in some place called Maykeby (or Maykelou or something, I can't read it), which was really expensive. The reviews for the movie were all really good. Then we were in like a cinema. This guy was there, who was the lead singer of a hard rock band that I liked. At first, he sounded like Phil Collins. Anyway, he told them off and then he and some others put sand everywhere (on the walls, windows etc) and then threw snacks everywhere for us to get. I was checking the fat content but they were all too high. Also, I don't know when it happened, but I was in bed and my phone vibrated and I had a text from Dad saying like, 'nub' and it was 1pm. I got up annoyed that I had slept so late. I was looking the mirror and I punched my self in the face, with my right hand which hurt and then my left hand, which barely did a thing.