I was at the train station. I think I was at Westland. It was different. I had to get a ticket from a machine near the tracks. They were called food stamps though. The train was coming in two minutes. I tried to get to it but this lady pushed in and the train came and she got on but me and this old guy were left behind. I ran to it and tried to open the door but I couldn't get it open far enough. The next one was in ten minutes. When it was close to one minute, it said 30 minutes. People were running around on the tracks. The trains were really fast. This girl and guy ran into a nook and the train just missed them. I was on a platform and it moved and this train started flying towards me (it went around though). I said that "I almost peed my pants!". Eventually, I was on a train but I missed Centerville. I called Mom and said that I missed it and to pick me up from the next station instead. I can't remember what happened then, but then I was at a shop. These people were wearing different coloured clothes in pairs. This guy and his daughter were blowing the shop up. He was with his daughter when she blew up, but he left just before she did. I was trying to run away from them, but they chased me. I ran into this blown up bit. A part of it was pitch black and I came across a dead body. They forgot about me later and went off to explode so I ran out. Then it was a show or something. There was a shoe shop. This guy came and he was like "shoes are shiny" and this girl flirted with him. He tried on some shoes and then ran. We were nearby. Ezra was in some water but came back and said that 'you get to be more brave' etc. Then it was dark and night time. I called Mom to get me and I had tried calling her all day and she kept saying she would come, but never did. I went down a path and it was spooky. This guy got up and started coming my way, so I went back. Later I went down it again but gave up. As I was going down, Mom had actually come to the place but had left after getting sick of waiting for me. I called her again and she said she couldn't be bothered. I told her she could've called "Dad or Darren or someone else!". The next time I called her, she said she wasn't feeling well and wasn't home.