I was in veterinary science. We were getting essays back and I got 99% on mine, which was obviously an A. The teacher told us to not tell each other our scores yet. I was sort of friends with this girl who got a B. Her name was either Chloe or Barbara -- there were two girls but I couldn't remember who was who. Then there was a storm outside. There was water in class, which was supposed to be there. The teacher told us to go to the middle of it. Outside it was dark and stormy and there were waves (there was water right outside the classroom too). The girls and I swam to the front but kept getting flung back. There was some event thing on. I was then in some place with Dad, Mom and others. There was mail on the table and it said "James R. Spader" and I said "Ooh, can I open James Spader's mail?" but it was already open. There was heaps of stuff chucked in other envelopes with Beatles stamps. There was other Beatles stuff and I said to Mom that I 'must've changed my mind' (referring to the fact that it was a dream, and I changed the mail). Then I joined in with the event. It was my third time but because I was still too 'young' I had to go with a partner. My partner was a guy. I had to go in a floaty ring and then try to attach something behind me as part of our task. I was just outside this building on like a patio, without the roof bit. Then our task was to wear these suits, which were a dark grey and were metal like and there were zips at the front and back. There were strips of metal on the feet and it was heavy. There was a big container of fruit (the bottom was like the big freezers at the shops with the cold foods and it had clear plastic walls on top, and a space where you could reach in or whatever). We had to eat the fruit and the weight would be recorded from the strips on our feet. The fruit tasted funny. I had a strawberry and a licorice bar (which was disgusting, as they are). The blue one was the only one with licorice in the middle? The guy went with his friend and took off his suit and was eating the fruit. I said that it only counted it with the suit on. I went inside and there were computers. For the next task you had to listen to music. The most listened to song had less than 60 plays. It was 'If I Was' and I said "Oh Midge Ure!". There were lots of songs with 27 plays. I started to listen and then I saw A Glass of Champagne and I was excited. It also had 27 plays or so all by one guy. I found him and went to where he was and then I had the song stuck in my head so was singing the robot-like bit "glass of champagne".