I went back to dads. I was talking to him and he had lots of mail on the table. One had my name on it and I went to open it and he came back in. He said they were other offers and he mentioned the new apartment. I said "what apartment?" and he said 'the new one' and I was thinking 'finally he tells me'. He said that when he owned it, he was going to ask to take Tigger. Later, I was playing World of Warcraft and I was in a scary area (because it was full of high level monsters). There were spiders and tornado things and they kept attacking me. I was looking for something for a quest. Later, I went on a train and was at university walking to the bus stop. I walked over a zebra crossing and there was a car near, and my knee was hurt and I tried to run. I went through the tunnel under the road, which was different and you could see the traffic. There was a bus coming with the next lot of traffic but was held up. I ran to the bus stop. There was a guy there and he got on too. I sat at the front of the bus, which had seats facing to the middle of the bus. There was a couple next to me, to the right. I went to check my phone and it wasn't in my pocket. I grabbed the guy's sleeve/arm and he was like 'what the hell are you doing?'. It was in his hand and I took it and put in the opposite pocket. I said that "I'm lucky I'm paranoid and check my pocket every few seconds". The girl said something that made it seem like they were going to hold us up. I held up this paint scraper thing to the guy's throat and told the bus driver to stop. I was going to get off, but it was dark, so instead I told the girl to get off. She was angry, but she got off. Then I asked the driver to take me home and he did. I text Mom to get me from somewhere else. Then it was something else and whoever had held the paint scraper to the guy had slipped and killed him. But it was now a girl's body and they kept her in a room. This guy kept seeing her like 'balloons' with sand and empty with a pole inside her. She would 'talk' to him. Then it was South Park. Cartman looked after her body, which was kept in a room like a bathroom. There was a knock at the door and Butters peaked under the door and he came in with Stan and Kenny. Cartman locked them in (he was sick of looking after the body). The girl's last name reminded me of "a movie with Dustin Hoffman". I was then looking in a book with Mom, reading about the 'movie'. I said "I feel like watching a spy movie". My iPod had a bunch of songs on it which I had been listening to that I hadn't heard before and I had four of them left to listen to. I went into a shop or something with Calvin and I was choosing music for something. One of the most listened to songs which had 707 plays and was by The Tavares, but I didn't know the song. OMD were playing and this teacher said "ooh OMD" and I said "Yay OMD! My second favourite band!", they asked "What's your first?" and I said "The Beatles obviously". She was like 'no-one likes The Beatles' and I was like 'what the flip, are you serious?'. I mentioned that I listened to the 60's and 80's and had started with the 60's. She said 'oh that makes sense then'. I said that I had Petula Clark in my playlist at the moment though and starting singing 'Downtown' in my head.