I was at the train station, which was different. I got distracted and the train left. The next one came and I had to tag on at the front of it, but I forgot my bag. I put it on my back and the doors were closing, but I managed to slip in. It was like a bus inside. I took a photo of this black guy, who I knew, because he had been in a dream. The next thing is hard to read but it looks like it says that everyone stopped (or got on, I'm not sure) at a mountain and they hugged and greeted this model. I was then at home. Mom and Darren were there and I asked them something that I can't read. Darren said 'oh I'd probably evaporate'. I was worried about cops? Then I was back on the train, which was now like a tram. This guy started talking to me, so I stopped my iPod. I still couldn't hear him properly, and I had to keep asking him to repeat it. My ears the unblocked and he repeated what he said which was like 'storm draft' or something. I asked what it meant and it was something to do with people fighting in the war. I said "who the hell would do that?" but then they were getting everyone off the train because no-one had volunteered, they were taking all of us. Mom was in now charge, although it wasn't her. I asked her why she picked me. Ezra was also there. There was an airborne disease and they gave us the vaccine and I said something I can't read and 'it's only temporary'. Outside it was snowy. We passed this sign saying 'Obsession' and then I felt tired. Everyone fell asleep. When I woke up it had only been like two seconds. Ezra and I escaped and started running. There were lots of mountains and things. The road was foggy and there were lots of cars, so we waited and then continued running. I had a quest on World of Warcraft to hand in nearby, so I went and did that. Then we were a young brother and sister. They wanted to go home and sleep so they could 'play at the beach' tomorrow. I said 'with the seaweed' and I said that I hated the beach because "you get sand in your pants and attacked by seaweed" and also mentioned sunburn and that I hadn't been to the beach in ten years. They then hid in a house in a cupboard and fell asleep. When they woke up, the doors of the cupboard opened and these alien/insect hands reached out to the girl and she screamed. Then it showed the kids and they had been transformed into them (it was like Invasion of the Body Snatchers, when you go to sleep and you turn into them, except they actually transformed into an alien). I was thinking that the vaccine was a waste of time. Buffy (Buffy the Vampire Slayer) was now the leader. Sometimes it wasn't, but she was very serious and this guy spoke through a shield. Then it was a movie with Kristen Stewart. The reviews said it was ok but it mentioned 'Cullen'. It also had something to do with "Brave New World by Aldous Huxley".