I was at Mom's. There were cops at the door and Mom was telling me to be quiet. I went to my room. Darren was using the lawnmower outside. My room was different and was lower than the ground outside and when I looked through the window I could see the grassed area clearly, but looking up. There was stuff all over the floor and I realized they were spider webs. They were everywhere and there were lots of little black spider eggs on my bed. I told Mom and she just kept telling me to be quiet. I got a tissue and fly spray and I had to squish them all because they would bite otherwise. I got a few and they would squirt out purple juice. Little Willy was playing. I went back to my room later and it was different. My computer was on and my bed was long (?). I yelled at Mom. I was then walking with Dad, Ezra and Mom to go somewhere. Dad mentioned his new place and I said "what new place?". He said "the apartment" and I said 'I thought you would've talked to me about me, what if I wanted to move back' etc. He said it was to avoid tax or something. We went to a petrol station and this cop talked to Mom and she thought I called them. Then Dad took me to this place called Connections, which I thought was a restaurant. I remembered people saying that it had a strict dress code and I said that I wasn't going to get in. Michael Cera was at the other end of the place with a friend, who was underage. They said something, but I can't read what it says apart from a small section which says "dress as a girl". They left. Michael Cera came back with a fancy towel thing and chains and jewelry on his neck. He was then with Ezra and this other guy with a towel around him. The guy checking ID's and such was watching them and so they decided to go in together. The guy let me in without checking my ID. I thought it was weird. There was a young girl with Calvin and they turned her away. Inside there were arcade games everywhere. There were tarot card ones, Pokemon ones, slots etc. When time ran out, the screen showed a cabin and everyone would get in and a bear would come. There was a drawing on an air hockey table, which included a tall gargoyle? Someone had to write "be a [something that looks like writer]", but it wasn't neat writing.