I was at university in Communications and I had Ms Ingram as my teacher again. I saw Evelyn in the class and we sat together. I had been away yesterday and was copying her notes. I also had to do a before and after picture and my ex was one? This girl was upset because her parents wouldn't let her watch TV or anything. I can't read what it says properly, but it says we dreamt about something. I also was talking about movies at one point and I said that "I hate happy endings". Someone asked me about Lord of the Rings and I said that I liked the first two and they asked what Gollum's name was and I said "Frodo, I mean Gollum". At the end of the lesson, I still had more to do but finished it at home later. The next day the teacher complained because I hadn't signed it and they couldn't accept the work and was saying that I didn't work hard enough. I got upset and angry and said "Screw you!" and left. I picked up a bin and threw it and it hit two cars. This guy who owned one of the cars came after me trying to bash me. I ran. I think it says the guy was driving my car and the seat was far over. Then I was leaving the university. I had to take this other car and it reminded me of Stuck in the Middle With You. I got in the car and locked the door and then there was a person at my window with a gun and said "Say hello to my little friend!". I drove off. I text Mom saying that I was on my way and Ezra replied saying he didn't know what she was doing. I drove back to my car? I ended up in a room which had an elevator at the front and there were other people there. The elevator kept moving and didn't have some sides so that it would match up with other rooms. Some people were using it to slide out, but we were too worried as it moved fast. It started breaking through walls and it made a crack sound and then the dream went weird. 'It' was teaching me things. There were dots on a world map and it would 'fly' to them and explain different things. There was a 'forensic science' and a 'geography' one. There was something about the tide and it caused the sea to produce corn (on the cob). It showed lots of corn lying on the beach. I threw one. The voice went silent. I was then on a street and there was a milk carton on there so I grabbed it. The voice said "a rurie is a thing and a Grurie is a thing you really like". I saw something come flying down the street and it looked like the Grurie from a dream I had ages ago. I freaked out and splashed milk on it as it flew past. It came up with a notice like on World of Warcraft, saying that I had a request. It came back and it went to drink the milk and I said it poisonous and something about where it was from and traps? It left and I was telling Ezra later and I said that the dream I'd had was the freakiest thing and scarred me for years. I assumed the guy from the car was the Grurie in disguise.