This dream seemed to carry on from the last one. I was on the run from some people. I had to go back to the place where they were. I got inside but then this girl saw me and she went to tell the leader. I was then with Dad. I went into the stairwell and ran up. I got out at a balcony thing and there was a guy working on there. I ran across and went into this other stairwell place and ran down. I had a gun and I shot this girl in the head. I ran out of the building and there were people outside and I was trapped. They were getting people onto a bus. I saw a lady getting into a car across the road and I ran towards her. I pulled her out and drove off. It was then like a motorbike and then a mount on World of Warcraft. I went far away and through a bush and then there were houses, but I kept going even further. I ended up in this new neighbourhood, with houses, but no people lived there yet. There were two guys looking at houses. I think I helped them with money for a house. I ended up getting a house and changed my name to Izzy Lynch (referencing David Lynch). I 'still' did veterinary science. One day, which was the 16 July, I had planned to meet Dad. I was listening to Save Your Kisses For Me. Then it was the day to meet Dad. I didn't remember anything since the 6 July. I talked to my teacher and I had missed heaps of work. I said I didn't remember anything. I then went to see Dad and there was a turtle. Dad was saying that they looked younger as they aged and I said "Hey Mr Turtle!". At some point Mom and I were in a car and it looks like it says 'the sun was hitting' (or possibly gun, or something else) back slightly. Then it was a movie and this girl was now an old lady in a bed. They sent her back to her time. Then it was a sequel. I can't remember it properly, but this boy was in a baby seat. This guy got him out. He got a pair of scissors and cut the kids throat. Then it was in a room and the kid was lying dead on the floor covered in blood. His sister and mother came in and I think he killed the girl and I was like 'ook...'. I was telling Dad that the sequel was cool too.