I was at home and it was different. I was playing Sims 3 or a similar game, and the babies died of starvation and were skinny and creepy. There was also a movie playing, which I had seen before and had Jeffrey Dean Morgan. It was called 'Me and You' or something. His nose got broken and it looked weird. When I went to bed, I put a Nurofen and a drug tablet that I took in a sealed bag. The next morning, Mom saw it and tried to look, but I took it and hid it. Her and Darren then started looking everywhere for it. I went out the back, jumped a small fence (there was a small sand strip and then a big fence). I buried it in a small hole. She then drove me to university and dropped me off at this shop, which was connected to the train station. There were jetties and water, and it was hard to drive across the water. I went into the shop and it was hard to find the train station. I ended up finding a black room which had a curtain you had to walk through. There was a girl and we sat together in this cinema. They were going to play a movie which I'd seen. Then it was Bruno. The train would take 96 minutes to get wherever I was going. I asked the driver if he could stop. He did at the lights (the train was on the road). There were a few bus stops, but I didn't recognize any of the numbers and had no idea where to go. I called Mom and started crying that I was late for class now (it was Wednesday by the way). I managed to get back home. I had decided to take the drug to university to get rid of it. I took it out of the hole and put it in some water. I had some soap/meat flashcards and they got wet and erased. Mom saw me and was curious about what I was doing. I was then out the front and she started going through my bag and pulled out a lot of Lite Mars Bar wrappers. I got angry and upset and yelled at her. The next door neighbour was running by and stopped and looked in the window and I said "who the hell are you?" and he laughed. I had the drug in my green jumper. She said she would call the police to search me when I got to the train station. It fell out of my jumper and I stepped on it and I said that I put Nurofen in the bags and when I woke up it was still Nurofen. I took it and threw it in the bin. I can't read the next bit but then it says that I didn't want to be accused.