I was watching a movie. A boy and his parents were at their house. They looked out the window to see a huge dinosaur/monster in the distance. The husband was a scientist or something, so he sent his son and wife away and said to contact some guy if they needed to. They ran, but didn't take their car as they thought it would "be easier to see". The monster was just flattening buildings. Then I was there and as I ran, I looked back and saw it flatten their house and I told the wife. They ran into an underground section of a building. There were a few others there and it was pitch black. They ran upstairs and I followed and said we should stay underground. We ran up a few floors and it was a shop, and it was circular, the shops were around the outer edge and the middle just had escalators and the like. I repeated that we should go back underground and then there was a scream and it was in the building. There were some elevators, but they only fit 1-2 people in them and they were a cylindrical tube and teleported. They were also randomly distributed. I was with Farrah and Charlene and we were trying to find one. We ran into a small shop and we all managed to get in. It started shaking (as the monster was coming closer) and then we were teleported up a few floors. We ran and got to the top floor. There was a room and it had a TV, shelves, lounges and piles of books. Calvin was there now, along with quite a few others. I said that we had to find somewhere to hide. I took a window off and there was a small balcony going right around the room. There was stuff piled up in front of the windows, enough for us to sit behind. I was telling them to sit behind those areas and to be quick and to not move when they got there. They didn't really listen to me and some were painting this small wood section of the wall black, from white. Then we realized the monster was coming and everyone got into place. One girl was in some oxygen thing and was floating in the fish tank. Calvin was lying on this wood railing that was joined to the balcony and dipped down a little and I said that it was a good idea and I went on there too, but then I realized I couldn't see the room now and it was uncomfortable but it was too late to move. I thought I was going to fall. Then the monster came and it stuck its head out of the window and it didn't see us, but kept looking back out. I realized it must be able to smell us.