I was with Eugene and he was wanted by the cops. I can't remember what happened but they saw us and chased us. As we ran, we were holding hands. He tried to boost me a few times, but mostly we ran at the same speed. He said we should split up at one point and meet up at another, but I misunderstood and split up now. He ran through a corridor and I kept going on the other side and I could see him through a sheet of glass between us. We ran into a cinema and sat down. I said we shouldn't sit together, but it was too late to move. A cop came in. I had lipstick so I put some on so that I would look different but because I didn't know how to use it I was worried I would get it on my face. The cop was asking people questions. She sat behind us and started asking me stuff. I spoke in a girly voice (softer, higher pitch) and she asked if I liked "Platinum in Lancaster". I was like "what's that?", but it actually had something to do with whatever Eugene was involved in. It had something to do with getting possessed. At the end of the questions she gave me a chocolate. There was a True Blood ad with a dog in the kitchen at it ate some Pez. I was like 'I'm sick of seeing this show and what does Pez have to do with anything?'. I said this because I wanted the cop to think that I hated vampires. Someone said that someone was putting dead bodies in the Pez (in reply to what it had to do with True Blood). Then there was a fire announcement and we were told to leave. I got up and Eugene wanted us to separate (as they were looking for a couple), but I said that the cop lady already thinks we're together and we'd probably look more suspicious if we were apart. We put an arm around each other. I was a little bit taller than him. There were two exits and people were crowded around each of them. We left and then realized nobody else was outside and it was a trap for us. It was pitch black outside and we quietly moved to the edge. Some cops came out and were asking each other where we were and they started searching for us but said they couldn't see anything and to bring a torch. They came back and were shining the torch around, they turned around and as the light hit Eugene, he ran (it was only him, I had already run off). They caught him though. I was hiding in a garden. I got up and ran. Some cops were searching nearby and saw me and started chasing me. I ran around a corner and there was a lady with a red car, and she was doing something in the boot. Her son (maybe five years old) was tied up like a cocoon to the top of the boot. I jumped in the boot and was like 'please ssh, I won't hurt you'. She started to cry (she was sobbing and there were tears). The cops asked her where I was and she said I ran "up there" and pointed up the street. When they were gone I got out and I asked if she could drive me somewhere and she agreed. I lied down in the back of the car and said if anyone asked, I was her daughter. There were police lights coming up behind us and I said to keep going and then pull over. She opened the boot for some reason and the cop saw the kid and told her to get out. I figured they would take her, so I took off with the car.