I was watching Entourage and this thin secretary lady was standing between Ari's legs. Mom came in and I explained the situation because he wasn't cheating. Vince was also talking to some people. In real life, Clark Kent (Smallville), Ezra and I were friends. There was this living 'virus' thing which looked like a seahorse. It could talk, or something. Ezra was really smart and did these calculations of how potato, wheat etc production would increase with the virus. There were pictures of it too. The virus was hanging out in the water. These people were after Clark. I wondered where Lex and Tess (both from Smallville) were and then I remembered that Lex was gone and Tess was dead. The people found us at the lake thing where the virus was and they were looking for it. I jumped into the water before they saw us to try and catch it but I had to come up for air. It wanted to bite me -- which would make you into an autotroph. They got Clark with it or something else and he couldn't use his powers for a few minutes. I don't know what happened but then Clark and I were on a bus. Chloe (Smallville) was also there at one point and she said "shit" and I was shocked that they allowed swearing. The bus was full of people. I'm not sure what was happening, but I realized that the bad guys were after us. I told the bus driver what to do to get away and he did it straight away. He stopped because the bus in front of us stopped. People got off and I did and there were dead bodies piled up like hay. The door on the bus closed, due to powers that the bad guys had. I tried to get back on, and the bad people were coming back but I couldn't open the doors. Clark ripped the doors open and helped me on, then fixed the doors. We drove off and there were two other buses, one with good guys and the other with bad guys. I think there was a mutation. I got off the bus again at one point and was walking ahead to test the ground -- it was in a forest. I saw the bad guys' bus coming and I told the bus driver to go. I jumped on and held on from the outside, while it drove on and then I got in. He decided to use this whistle thing and I held on tight, but then he used this 'tear gas' and something else. The tear gas was supposed to put them to sleep and I can't remember about the other thing. I ran off the bus so I wouldn't get affected and Clark chased after me. We started feeling sleepy and all the buses had stopped (we had been driving through a school). We ended up collapsing. There was a short video of people in a house, they were mutants and only ate 'PMZ'. We woke up and went back to the bus but they wouldn't let us on because we had mutated, but they had mutated too. They let us on when they realized but they were still suspicious of us.