Some friend of Mom's was having a party. There was food, such as steak and noodles. I was hungry and Ezra was there and he wanted food too. I was playing a game, which was like Sims 2, but was an RPG. We were in groups and ours accidentally caused a nuclear war/explosion. There was this small safe which Rick (The Walking Dead comic) had got it for us to use, but had misjudged the size. We hid in this nuclear safe building so that we would survive. We were looking for a bank. There were zombies around too. I think we got captured at one point. Turtle and Vince (both from Entourage) and someone else went to see some people, but they were bad and chased them. I was somewhere else and they came after me and this girl I was with. I took a car, but my friend got taken. I was driving fast and fell into a lake while turning a corner. I didn't know which button to press (it was now a game), but I managed to get out and then got on a bike and rode fast down the path and I got back. Then I was back to Turtle and Vince. They were on this ramp thing that was high up and Turtle fell and then left (he was on a mount that was like a hippo). They started to follow, but then Vince stopped them and was speaking Spanish and tried to hypnotize them. He managed to calm them and pushed them off into the water. We got captured again. I was thirsty and this girl took me to a deli to look for water cartons but there was no water. This black lady zombie came in and pointed at me -- they knew who we were because they had pictures of us. These zombies came in but let us out. It was a trap and the bad guys took the girl and I drove off. There were also traps, one was these strands off cotton attached to this electricity thing and it would shock you. We all then got through. We found somewhere to stay. The girl came back and I said "didn't you turn bad?" and she said she was normal again. This other girl said "oh, it's the Janitor", and I thought she meant the Janitor from Scrubs, but it wasn't. We ended up with Eugene, Bradley and Darius. There was a video and they were made to strip. Eugene had really bony hips. He was also wearing this ring on his second finger and I was thinking 'damn it!'. They had no bites. This sporty guy was there. There was something about water contamination and salt (it's hard to read). There were Youtube videos on how to make clean water. There was also a video of young boys in a bath and I was like "pedo vids!".