Dad and I were in the car. He was picking up a friend. He came out exactly on time. I was watching Burn Notice and Michael and Fiona had a fight and she had some necklace that one gave the other to say that they would never be apart. She had thrown it in the ocean and she was looking for it. The 'camera' showed it in the water behind her, drifting away. As she was walking away she saw it and I was like 'pfft lame'. Eugene and I were then at 'university' and Michael (Burn Notice) had been captured and was being tortured. They said they were getting a "shrew to give you a heart transplant". They put it on his chest and it started burrowing in. We were trying to save him. There were some Arrested Development posters. One had Tobias in bed with a bandage on his head and everyone standing around. One had Gob on the left of the others, laughing and one with someone patting Michael's (Arrested Development) head. Anyway, I was putting these coin like things into piles in a test tube rack looking thing. Eugene was trying to find a way of getting in. Fiona went to some old guy and this machine made her temporarily looking like him. The people there had lots of kids. Eugene was disguised as Michael Jackson. Then Fiona as the old guy was walking down the street but she was someone else and two of them were talking and this student laughed. Eugene got in and we got Michael (Burn Notice) and then we had to leave because an alarm went off. We ran, along with everyone else. Eugene said we had to get to some room to plant evidence. We got to this elevator and I said it was probably safer to take the stairs. We went into the elevator anyway and this lady had to scan your ID. Our ID's both flashed red and I said that I was here every day and she seemed to forget about it being red. We got off and walked slowly and then once we were out of sight, we started running down this hill. This black security guard started chasing us and started shooting the ground at our feet. I started slowing down and Eugene kept running, but this other guy got him and brought us back. He was talking to us and he had these weird pink tubes in his arm, which was because he used to be an alcoholic. I was thinking that I figured they were always a drug addict or alcoholic. I managed to pop this button on his gun holder, which was at the front of him. I told Eugene to grab it when he had the chance. He suddenly grabbed something from him and started running. I ran after him, saying 'what the hell are you doing, shoot him!'. But he ran to this car and got in the passenger side. I got in the drivers seat and he started it up. The belt went around the bottom of the seat and was in the way of the pedals. Stuff started exploding, this car nearby and then just decorative stuff around, like barrels and chairs. We tried to drive out and I got onto the road. I couldn't brake in time and I pulled up on the side of the road, it was also a manual car.