I was watching a movie. This guy went to this crashed plane to check for survivors. It was a rescue/emergency plane. The patient was totally dead and he discovered the pilot was too. I was there now and he gave me this video camera to work out how to get to some place. We walked along a path next to this cliff (not high). We ended up at some water with a rope hanging down off this high jetty. He climbed up easily, but I couldn't climb it. He easily pulled me up. We walked along the jetty and had to jump back in the water to get to the shore. I jumped in but got sucked all the way to the bottom (it was far). I started swimming up, but it was hard and I almost ran out of air, but got out. There was like a village nearby but there were no signs of life. I think we went into this building and everything was weird -- stuff was upside down or moving sideways. There were these different coloured blobs and different sections of the place had different gravity. We tried to get past without being touched. Ezra was there now. We got out of there but the blobs started chasing us. We were then running through Nana's house and down the hall and out the door. We ran to the park and the guy gave me a push so I would go faster and he told me to go there and wait. Ezra ran with me and there was a garage thing. We got into a car. The guy came and got in. Some bits of blob started growing out of the guy's ear and then it was a movie and there were lots of guys in the car. A guy cut the blob off because it wouldn't let them drive. Then they drove off. They got onto a street back in that village and there were lots of cars all parked along the road. We accidentally made stuff come to life and we ran into a shop. There were lots of other people in there. We and some kids had to hide under clothes racks. There was nowhere for me to hide so I went under this high bed near the front door and covered myself with this white sheet. The blobs were now aliens and I was thinking that the CGI was bad. Some girl fell in love with this black alien and when people complained about it she accused everyone of being racist. Then I was watching Dawson's Creek. Dawson and Jen were on a bed. She was a virgin and wanted to have sex and Dawson said that the first time should be "with someone you love or at least... like a little". They got into bed but didn't do anything. I was reading a magazine that had a 'where they are now'. I remember seeing Aidan Gillen and Alan Rickman there.