My room kept getting broken into. One time I had this bottle of pills. I went back to my room and it was messy and they were gone. I had a torch and I flashed it in Mom's room and Ezra's room and it was really dim, but then when I went to my room it was bright. I discovered my window was moved and Dad said he would fix it. One of the times I looked out my window and saw 3-4 Native women were in my car. I called out to Dad. He went out and scared them off with three small naked boys. I ended up with two women and three guys coming through my window into my room. I got this knife and Ezra was helping me. I was stabbing them in the back through the heart while they came through. My first weapon didn't do anything on this one guy. Each person that came through was harder to kill. Then I was outside and this woman came. I stabbed her and she fell to the ground and I walked away. I saw her breathing and I went back. She was on her stomach and I stabbed her again and started slicing back and forth into her back, but she kept talking and laughing and I started getting really angry and annoyed. She was actually a demon or something. Anyway, one day I was on the bus and I was ready to get off and I was holding the button in my hand. Leilani was on there but we hadn't met before, she asked what stop I was getting off at and I said "Barlow way". I saw the street sign and hit the button. It was actually Princess Road though. I walked across to the park with Leilani. There was snow on there and water with ducks in it. There were polar bears and a seal and others too. There were lots of people walking along the path. Bradley was amongst them. I got to Mom's which was different and there were actually two houses and they were like huts. One was mine. It was empty except for my desk (which was dark brown and completely different). Dad was in the shed fixing my window. I told him I needed insulation on it to keep the light out. He was flirting with Leilani. I poked him in the belly with my foot. Then I was eating some food and Leilani said "Does Jakob know?" and I asked "What? Who's Jakob?" and then I realized she meant Jakob Healy and she was like 'that you're on a diet and there's a baby' -- Mom had Amelia over.