I was in a deli with Mom, Darren, Neil Flynn and others. There were quite a few people in there and lots of weird/cool stuff, such as lots of squishy things like a rat and those balls with the wiggly bits. Neil Flynn was joking around and pretending to be like Frankenstein's monster. At one point, Ezra, Dad and I were talking about Jurassic Park Dad said to Ezra that if he didn't remember it he had to see it again. I was watching a bit of it and James Van Der Beek was in it and he was talking to someone and I was thinking that I didn't remember him being in it, then the camera turned and Kerr Smith was the one talking to him and I said "And Jack!" and Ezra questioned me and I said "the gay dude". Then we were actually at a huge shop and there were also shops outside. Jeffrey Dean Morgan and Robert Downey Jr. were also with us. I was also going out with Eugene and having an affair with Jeffrey Dean Morgan and Robert Downey Jr. Then Mom and I were looking for a friend of Mom's. I went into this deli which had lots of chocolate things. It had a restaurant connected to the left of it. A song was playing and I realized it was 'Theme from a Summer Place'. There were some gay guys in dresses sitting at a table. There were lots of people there. On the other side was an outside area where there was a concert or a sports game going on. I was with Mom again and I asked "where are RDJ and JDM?" We went into the proper shop and Mom's friend had contacted her saying she was in "Fontaine's", which was an extremely fancy clothes shop. We were walking towards and this lady walked towards us and said we couldn't go in because of what we were wearing. Mom walked off through this corridor and I chased after her because we weren't allowed in there -- it led into the fancy area. A security guard saw us and we got out before he came to us. Later I was doing an experiment and I poured a solution into a test tube and it turned pink. I did it three times but did it wrong every time. Mom helped me. I then realized we were using a cobalt solution which was wrong.