I was at a shop and got a haircut. I left there and went to another shop and this lady told me that there was a job for a statistics person near a video shop/cinema. I had to this strange online quiz thing. There was like a bush scene and I had to press a button when certain people popped up (like a shooting range). I clicked the wrong person and I tried to restart it but it was too hard and I left. There was a black cop/security guard for the video shop and he had accused me of stealing chips before. Then there were zombies. I was with a bunch of people including Dawson, Joey and Jack (all from Dawson's Creek). I can't remember the beginning but we were in a bathroom. There was a zombie tied up. For some reason we all decided to have a smoke. Joey and I went into the shower and I took a puff of the smoke and I didn't choke or cough. The cop came and told us off and made us leave. As he told us off, the others took off into a stairwell and I followed them. I then realized they had run off because zombies were coming so I thought it was lucky that I had followed them. We were in like an underground carpark before we got to the stairwell. I was running really fast up the stairs and then I noticed that everyone had stopped and I realized there were heaps of zombies coming down the stairs. We ran through a door on that level and there was another stairwell across the room. We started running towards it and there were lots of zombies in the way. They were all doing different things, like one was doing the dance from 'Thriller' and other things from the game, Plants vs. Zombies. We started climbing up this thing on the wall. We had to move across it to get out. I was holding onto this small unstable bit hanging out of the wall. Underneath us were lots of zombies and they were reaching up to us. We complained and Jen (Dawson's Creek) got angry because she had the hardest job and she went across to the end, using up all the good spots (which fell off after being used), but I went across. I got to the end and the key was like a contact lens and I dropped it in the crowd of zombies. Dawson and Jack somehow managed to wipe out the whole room. I jumped down and it was much easier to get everything done. I was covered in blood and started wiping it on Dawson's back, which he let me do and we joked about it. He offered to someone there to join our group and said he had "nine contacts", such as a weapons dealer.