I was watching a movie and it told the same story from six (or so) different point of views. There was a bomb in the building. The first one was like The X-Files, but I only remember Scully. She was in a small office room and her and some others were questioning someone. The guy with the video camera handed it to this other guy and said "can you see anything?" and this other guy said "he's got a camera" and then he shot him. Scully saw and realized the cameras were guns. They wrestled the guy for it and he shot the 'bomb' before they grabbed him. The guy in charge came in and it was Joshua Jackson but he was young. I was thinking that he was turning up everywhere lately. Then the point of view was of a young couple. The alarm was going off and they split up and the girl started running down the stairs in a stairwell but now it was me. I ran out at the basement level and this guy was directing everyone outside. It was raining. We were standing in front of the building and there was a window on an upper floor with some people just sitting and watching. One of them was James Van Der Beek and I was like 'more people from Dawson's Creek!'. It was cold and I had shorts on and was soaked. There were people still running out and I saw Eugene and Bradley. Eugene had longer hair and he was wet too. I then thought that I was at State University. When they were 'satisfied' this bubble went over the top and covered us so we didn't get rained on. We had to sit down. I sat down near Terrence and Gavin came along and sat next to him, then this other guy came and we moved to fit him in. Then Emery came and we had to move again. Then I was at home and he was staying over. I was sitting with him and Ezra in a bedroom and he had these dildos on the bed. One was purple and Ezra hit me in the head with one. Then I was on the floor watching TV. I saw an ad for Dawson's Creek with Pacey talking to Jen. I clapped excitedly. Then there was an ad for the movie that previously played out and it had a long name.