I'm in a car in a residential neighborhood, being chased by another car, don't know who's in it. I have a kitten with me. We turn and dash down the blocks and I finally lose the other car by dashing into a driveway. This is the back yard of a very nice house and the man who lives there is outside. I get out and explain what I'm doing there and he's very nice and accommodating, says sure I can stay. He has a cat too and we talk about cats. The kitten comes out and looks around; I fetch a box-thing like the plastic airline carriers and put him in while we're talking. It's not just a carrier but a port-a-potty for cats, and he takes a very long pee. I'm not exactly embarrassed, but concerned lest I spill it and make a mess on this man's things. I do get jostled a bit but there isn't any actual harm done. I take the bucket out and empty it, put it back in and the kitten pees some more but not so much. Next: I'm (staying) at a sort of resort-place. There's a row of rooms, all a wood building with a board walkway in front with a roof. A bit like a Western sort of town. Barbara's also staying here, not far from me, I'm outside on the walk and I pass by where Barbara is and I overhear her say something about some earrings I gave her, little gold chains (the sort that just look like a loop of chain hanging through the ear). I don't remember her exact words but she wanted to exchange them for something somebody else had, since she never wore them. I'm rather disappointed. She never said anything to me. I feel slighted and I want to do something to get back at her. I go back down toward my room and I'm outside on the walkway and Barbara comes back down this way. She's actually quite cool to me and her voice is sharp. I'm thinking of something she gave me that I can give away or trade. Next: I'm on a beach with somebody else down below a house where we stay. We've both got robes on, not bathrobe-standard but monk-y-looking, though they are for leisure or beachwear. Long sleeves. We're sitting after walking, looking out at the roaring morning sea, contemplating. This is an old guy, my teacher. We've sat there for a long time and the sun's coming up and I'm getting warm. I get up and go up to the house where there's a couple of other people on the porch. They're standing and looking out, too, but mostly watching us. I exchange my long-sleeved robe for a short-sleeved one and go back down to join the old man. (It's got something to do with work.) I'm in my office - nothing like the real one, it's all closed in - yellow light, a bit crowded. Kelly works here part-time but she's looking for another job. She and her boyfriend are eating spaghetti or something at the corner of a table or desk. I'm hungry. Her boyfriend offers me a bite or 2 from his plate and I make a mess, stuff on the table, but not too bad. I gasp. Kelly thinks it's worse than it is, but then we see. She's trying to encourage me to get something done - says, you know I'm going away soon, and then you'll have to do it on your own. Someone comes in asking if there's any cake left - I didn't realize there was any, though I've been sitting right next to it. Also chocolate cookies - ones with chips, little all-chocolate ones, some big flat ones with chocolate stripes. And Mexican cake, loaf-type slices, stacked up. Some pink ones across from me where the cookies are, white ones on my right. I don't know what we do here but there are drawing-boards as well as desks.