I was watching Dawson's Creek. Dawson and Joey were on a school trip and were at a small motel. They were sharing a bed with their parents. Dawson decided to sneak off and go to this pool party. Joey didn't. The teachers found out and went to look for them. Dawson's mother helped look. They were in a small room with a little pool. Later, Dawson and Joey came back there. The light was dim and Joey called it a "dinner light". She said she had turned some other lights down like that. Dawson's put his hands on it to turn it off and it went bright, but when he took his hands off it went dim again. It wouldn't turn off, so Joey tried it but it did the same thing. Then the room changed or something and it was really scary and felt cold and horrible. Sometimes I was there. I can't remember what happened properly but these strange things kept happening. One that I do remember was that there was a small table and two people were making out on it then we realized it was Dawson and Joey (another set) and Jen was now there and she yelled at them to make them stop. They ignored her and took their clothes off, had sex and then put their clothes on. They then aged and were now old people and the real Dawson or Joey said "how does this night end?" and the old Joey said to the old Dawson "I love you". Also, the real Dawson and Joey had a partner and they were both in the room too. Then the old couple got into bed. I was then on a drive with Mom. We got out of the car and it was night and in a suburb and everything looked weird, but it was subtle. I looked at the road and it was on a funny angle. Then I was in a pool and there was a pool toy boat. I picked it up and hit it down on the water and changed to this flat thing and then it changed again. It was creepy. Then Dad was in there. The weird stuff that had been happening everywhere had now happened in a music video, which reminded me of the suicide scene in The Rules of Attraction [note: I watched it last night]. Dad said that he thought all music videos would be understood by Ezra now. I said that that music video was the creepiest thing I'd ever seen. I realized I was naked in the pool. Creepy stuff was still happening in there. I was in that small room later and a girlfriend or something of Dawson's came in and she tried to burn some of my dreams. In one of them I had had sex with Dawson. I snatched them off her and so she set my jumper that I was wearing on fire. The fire looked weird. Jack (Dawson's Creek) was there and he helped me get it off but then she came back in and started pouring petrol over the floor and I cried and screamed at her to stop and attacked her. She was a celebrity, but I don't remember who. I can't remember how we stopped her, but we did.