I was going out with Eugene. We went to a cinema and were watching 'Goosebumps' movies. We left one and went into another. There was a row at the back of only four seats and a guy sitting on the end. Eugene walked past him and sat at the end and I sat next to him. I lifted the arm rest up and moved closer to him. He kissed me. I moved away worried that I would squish him and he put his hand on my thigh and asked why I moved away, so I told him. He wanted me closer so I moved back and then we watched the movie. It was already like halfway in and this girl was in a car which had just crashed into the water and she was being bothered by ghosts or something. All of a sudden it went weird and the sound was loud and lots of stuff started happening on the screen. I noticed that everyone in the cinema looked bored. The guy at the end of the row next to us was like staring at us which a creepy blank expression. I pointed out the weird behaviour to Eugene. Other people were slowly eating popcorn and no-one seemed to actually be 'there'. He said we should get out of here so we climbed over the seats in front of us (as that row was empty) and walked out. To the left of us was the hall which led to other cinemas and it was dark. We went right and we were scared and sort of panicky. There was a doorway and when we walked through that, to the left was a brick wall, so we went right, which led down a small hall to the lobby. Nobody else was around. We walked outside. Lots of buses came past. I wondered whether to call Mom to get us or to catch a bus. One bus stopped and the driver asked us if we needed help. He said he needed to find some "woods". He got out and I asked if he went past Centerville and he said he did. Then he asked if we knew where "KFC airport" was and we didn't. The bus then started going down the street (which was on a slight downward hill). The guy turned around and noticed it was gone. It turned back around and was heading right for me. I started running to get away from it. I ran down to where it had come from and went behind a parked bus but it kept turning and trying to get me, but then it stopped. Then the guy from the cinema, who was now Robert Pattinson, was there saying that I ruined his life and "I can't live without you" and so was going to kill me. He was throwing small sticks at me. I grabbed this thick branch and threw it at him while backing away but it just landed at his feet. He called me Sasha (but pronounced it 'Sarsha', like posh people do). Eugene was also getting bothered by some girl. She started tying him up in this net. They were in the middle of the road. I picked up this long sturdy stick to attack Robert Pattinson with, but then I saw a bus coming down the road and I pushed the girl out of the way and put the stick through a hole in the net and pulled Eugene to the side of the road and the bus just missed him.