Pacey (Dawson's Creek) and I were going out. We were in this hotel/motel place and there was a small competition. There were 6 files and 4 of them were winners and you won a weekend (or so) in a spiffy room there. Pacey entered and was given a file. It was full of paper and if they all had stuff written on them then it was a winner. We lost, so he bought another one. He was then Ezra. He went to the toilet with it and then came out and said it was a winner and showed us a filled out page. I opened it to have a look and saw that the rest of it was empty, so we had lost again. He was now Pacey again. The guy running the competition was someone we knew. We asked him for another one and he gave did. Then I was at a table and Pacey and I were eating all of this pie (it was a dessert-y one cut up in slices). Then Dawson and Joey (both Dawson's Creek) were staying in the hotel room and it had a spa. Later we were somewhere else. Charlie (Dawson's Creek) could tell the future. Years ago he had said that Dawson and Jen weren't right for each other. He now had this small purple ball which predicted things. I asked him if he was the same guy who had predicted colour pictures over black and white pictures and he said he was. He got Dawson to throw the ball, which would go to 'his future'. It went to me. I was on a roof type of thing and was next to them, and when he threw it in front of him it turned around and came back to me. I kept throwing it away and it kept coming back. Then I was in some water and there was a weird looking black and white cat standing nearby. Jen came to me and said she was thinking that she and Dawson needed to break up. I asked why and she mentioned the spa in the hotel room (which had now been shared by me and Dawson). I said "he spent more time with Turk [Scrubs] than me!". She was relieved but still wanted to leave Dawson. She was later sitting on a ledge near the water and someone threw the ball which hit her in the back and made her fall into the water. Jen finally told Dawson she wanted to leave him. We were then in a room. I asked Charlie about his future and he said he didn't want to know but I threw the ball to find out anyway and it went to Joey who was standing outside, talking to some guy. It floated near her crutch and she tried to subtly push it away but it kept coming back. We laughed. Then she was actually standing out there with Charlie and Dawson said she would do this shoulder shrug as she walked away (which meant she was attracted to him) and she did. Then I was at Nana's. I was in the lounge room with Dad and Ezra. It was smaller. I was reading a book which had stuff about Stephen King and there was a smoking quiz. One of the questions was about why smoking was more relaxing at some point and the answer was because it meant that the bills were paid. We were watching something on TV and this woman died which looked like Kristine Sutherland and I said "what is this, Buffy's mother?". Dad said no it was her (one of the characters') daughter. But then it was real and Ezra wondered if they would get rid of the body now and I said, sarcastically, "no they're going to keep her here a few more days to keep her fresh".