There was a new Quentin Tarantino movie with John Travolta and Uma Thurman. In real life, John Travolta was pregnant with Katie Holmes (like, he was the one that was pregnant). Most of the movie consisted of them on the bed, so the scenes with his belly showing were filmed after he gave birth. The dialogue was really lame. In real life there was a door or something that led to 'Hollywood'. I walked through and Katie Holmes was on a step (it was actually Britney Spears though). I said hi and she didn't say anything. She had a few kids following behind her. There were heaps of people around. I said "what's up?" to someone and they (or someone) said "you seem shy". I don't remember who, but someone said "I don't know anything about her, but just got [invited? It's hard to read] to her house". It was next to the entrance and I thought that Kerr Smith was supposed to live there. Then I saw him walking towards the house. He looked like he did in season 5 of Dawson's Creek. I said "sup?" and he gave me a high five. We were friends and had gone on holidays together. Jack, Dawson and Joey (all from Dawson's Creek) were sitting on a bench and there was a space between Dawson and Joey. I said that we (Jack/Kerr and I) weren't good enough friends for an excited high five. I put my hands up to Dawson and he grinned and did a double high five (crossing our hands over), pretending to be excited. We laughed and I was thinking that his smile was adorable. I sat between he and Joey and he jokingly moved away so I moved towards Joey and then we both moved back at the same time. There was a 'flash' of us sleeping next to each other and we were in the same position. I was then in a car with Mom and Ezra and we were talking about The Beatles and I said that I was sick of them now (from playing Rock Band). A song was playing on the radio that I didn't know and then Even the Nights Are Better was on. Mom wanted to go to Mexico to do something to do the car and we were going to drive there. I said I didn't want to go because it was a really long drive, saying "it takes like 10 hours to get to America". I was then at home and Darren was doing some homework about causes on the media and stuff about drinking and celebrities and things that promote 'closing'.