I was at Nana's. The cage outside had kittens and puppies in it. One of the puppies was really pretty and had long floppy ears. I was in the computer room and it started raining. All these people came to the door to get in from the rain. Nana let them in. I left the room. Ezra was watching a movie. I heard him say "Alejandro" and I went into the lounge room and he was sitting on the floor. I sat down there with one towel around my top half. They were watching a movie with some lady and I asked if it was Adaptation and it was. I said it was lame and didn't make sense. At the end, this black guy said "PC!" and I said "Pacey!". I asked Nana if I could play with the kittens. I went out and the puppies were gone. I went into the cage and it was small. Later, some people ran into the house (or someone was already there) and they turned off the power. Nana joked that we didn't have something I can't remember now, but stuff that people used to turn off power in the movies. We wondered why the power was out and then we realized it was to turn off the "security system". We ran into the hall to turn it back on. This agent lady went out and said Walter (Fringe) was at the gate. Peter (Fringe) was with us but I didn't know who Walter was. We saw cars coming and Peter said we should just leave, but there were people at every exit. Peter and Joey (Dawson's Creek) were in the laundry and I left. I went to go back but there was a girl outside the kitchen window with a big mouth/teeth. Outside the laundry door, Joey had earlier placed a pool, so the girl couldn't get around. We grabbed some toys and we opened the door and left. I gave the toys to Peter. We got in my car which was in the carport. My computer had a Supernatural wallpaper. I was watching Dawson's Creek, but it was actually a movie with Joshua Jackson. There was also some movie which had happened in real life, but was slightly different. This girl (who had been me) looked at him and he realized he kind of liked her (he had no wife or anything).