I was at home but it was different. I looked out the window and the buildings looked weird. Mom and I went to look. It was night. We walked near it and there was smoke. Firemen and lots of people were crowded around. Mom asked if any help was needed and they said yes and she was like "oh I was just kidding" but grabbed a hose and started to help put the fire out. I had no shoes on. This guy fell asleep or something and his hose started going everywhere so I grabbed it to take control of it. Then there was a loud roar and I said "Cloverfield!". We ran back home. I turned back around at one point and I could see downtown and all the buildings were on fire and smoky and destroyed. We got home and I packed up my laptop to put it somewhere safe and then we left. I asked Mom why we weren't taking the car and she said it would be quicker to leave if the monster showed up. I saw downtown again and all the buildings were collapsed in a pile. There was smoke and fire still and there was a bridge half collapsed next to it. I was shocked by it. I was then in a car with Eugene and Pacey (Dawson's Creek). We drove over a bridge and I realized that downtown was now back to normal. Pacey turned around to look and we assumed it was fake. It was now day and it was cloudy. There was a helicopter flying around. He decided to find Audrey (Dawson's Creek) who was downtown. I think he made us walk and I was by myself now. Then I was in some flying vehicle. I dropped out at this "lip island" which I think was the center of the universe and was in the water. I dropped into the water next to it. I had my phone and SmartRider in my pocket. I dropped my SmartRider in the water and I couldn't grab it in time and it started to sink. I watched it sink and I felt that nothing could be normal again. I held onto the middle of it and started taking photos of it with my phone. The lip was now in the shape of Pacey and the photos were turning out with Joey, Dawson and others. We all went into it. It looked like Ikea or something and was kid like. It was colourful and there were other people there. There was a dopey girl and she said they would hide under the lounge. Then Pacey was back and was cooking. He saw Joey and kissed her and took her into a room.