I was watching a movie. This girl was friends with a guy who liked her. They were on a plane with some other guy, who started having a rant and then paused and then said "that's my angry rant". His name was Andrew and he had shot his father. They were at his house and he walked outside and buried his father. His house was weird. The front door was a gate outside. I locked it, but I could still jump over the bits on the side. I was then at a shop with Mom. There was a Mickey Mouse bath mat which was the same as one that we had years ago (not in real life). Ezra was with us. Then Mom and I wanted to go to the markets and it was Sunday. They were all closed though. Mom met a friend there. They hugged and kissed and gave Mom a box of Fruit Loops, but we left it on the floor because we didn't want it and some kids took it. Later we were outside a petrol station with Mom and a girl friend of hers. We were talking about birthdays and I said that "I like to play with myself" (as in gaming). They joked about what I said and started saying I needed to find a guy to service my needs and I said that I don't get sexual urges, "I'm asexual". We then were having a conversation about Dawson's Creek and she said they looked so much better in later seasons, especially James Van Der Beek. I said that I thought the opposite, saying "Katie Holmes looked like she was sick in the beginning, like anemic and tired. Every time I saw her I was like 'geez, she looks tied', now I think 'oh look there's Joey'". I said that Dawson had weird hair but looked better then and that Jack was fug to begin with, but then he got better, but that "I don't even like the guy [actor]". I said that "Andie" (Angie) always looked the same. I said Jen went back and forth and "Joshua Jackson's forehead annoys me". I was also watching Dawson's Creek at one point and Joey and Jen were in a kitchen and it kept cutting away at certain points so we couldn't tell who had slept with who. I had to write theory at a party.