I was watching Dawson's Creek. Joey was at Dawson's. She left at night. She got Dawson to ride his bike down the street (they lived in a suburb/city street) to make sure nothing happened. Then he came back to his house. This guy across the road yelled out to him and started coming towards him. Dawson ran up these steps in front of his house and locked this door behind him (it was still part of the path to his house). The guy tried to unlock it but then realized he could just walk around it (it was just a door, no fence). I was inside with Grams. The next morning she said she hadn't seen him. I went outside and he was lying on the ground with a bloody mouth. I helped him in. His nails were heavily bitten and I said "that's adorable!". The lady across the street was having a go at him, because the guy who had beaten up Dawson was her son and had told her that Dawson had actually beaten him up. His sister was faking it too. She yelled at us and I yelled back and said "fuck". Later, her son called her a slut and whore and I said that I've never even said those words and I probably haven't heard Dawson swear. I said that maybe five times in my life I'd gotten angry and she realized that her kids had lied. I got a text from Dad, and I had a new phone and the buttons only appeared when you were pressing them, but you got Foxtel on it. He said that I had won a recycling bin scholarship at State University. I was then home, or at least I assumed it was home. Ezra was watching TV with some mates. Chris Barrie was on the TV and I said "Chris Barrie for the win!". This guy there said he'd seen Mulholland Dr. and I said that I was cool enough to watch movies because I wanted to and "David Lynch owns". I argued with the guy for a bit and I said Stanley Kubrick was the best director. He said that Spielberg sucked and I said his movies are ok, but that he wasn't a good director and then he said "Why are we arguing about movies?" and I said "there's only like three things worth arguing about and that's one of them". The show with Chris Barrie was about him having travelled to some place and he had painted his face with some black stuff called 'slat'. I was studying for chemistry later and there was stuff about femur, mitosis and meiosis and tigers (but we could leave that stuff out).