I woke up and got on Facebook. I had a message from Nana about having burnt my birthday cake and then another later because I hadn't replied. I was then in her kitchen and she saw me and I said I was just about to reply. We talked for a bit and then brought me into the dining room to give me my present. It was a chocolate maker. I had to try it a few times because the chocolates would 'age' quickly. You had to put cocoa, flour, etc into this little shape; it looked like a spade (from a card). You left it for a few seconds and then took it out and hold the short ends together, then rip them off and hold it. It turned grey and we had to chuck it out (it usually happened to the first few). My tooth was hurting so I looked in the mirror and I had teeth coming through under my teeth on both sides. I told Nana I had to leave soon because I had to study for my chemistry exam. I called Mom and a lady answered the phone. I said "it's Izzy" and she said "hey... nanna?" and I said "daughter" and she said oh and mentioned a crazy one (she was Mom's secretary or something) and I said not that one. She said Mom was at Uptown shop. Ezra was with me too. We left and I got a call from Dad asking about exams. We went to Mom's work, which was on the side of the street along with other shops. We went in and waited. All the workers there left alphabetically. The secretary lady saw us and she asked for an explanation because her last name was "Wayas" and I said Mom's was "Wyatt, yeah!". Then the other daughter was there and she was Michelle Trachtenberg, I said something to her. She had accidentally married some guy. We waited in the car and it was making strange noises. We ended up driving down the street and turned it onto a bridge to park. We went into the middle of like a park and this net came over us. There were a few people there and we were no longer in the car. There were little red and blue balls shooting up. It was then a TV show. I thought it was lame. Then it was a game and to get out you had to go through this hole which got smaller? People got angry when you left. Someone started doing something weird and I got a call on my phone, a picture of Rik Mayall and Adrian Edmondson was on there (as they were calling), but I called them Kenny vs. Spenny. Rik sounded just like Richie (Bottom). He said not to do it.