I woke up and I was in bed with Eugene and he unclipped my bra. I decided to go downtown. I started walking but forgot I had to go on the freeway. I called Mom to get me and take me there and she took like two seconds to get there. She came with Ezra and they had two cars. We had to get help from someone to get them both back. There was a movie where this girl got accused of digging out her dead grandmother and she was having an affair with some guy (she was accused by his wife). Then it was Dawson's Creek. Jen, some teacher guy and I were there. He wondered who could get into this room first. I had seen someone do it in a previous episode. Then it was just me there and Jen and Joey were in the other room. I had to get Jen out and distract her so Joey could do something. I saw Dawson and was going to ask him to do it, but he was involved in another part of the plan. I went there and said "Can I talk to you Jen?" and we walked outside. We walked past classrooms. I was trying to find somewhere to stand outside the view of the students. I didn't know what to talk about, but I brought her to a shelf with those water cooler bottles and asked her to help me with one. She did. We walked back, with her walking backwards but she kept looking behind her. I saw Jack with a guy hanging around. Jen started to suspect I was luring her out and I got my phone out to text Joey to get back and she thought that was what I was doing so I started smiling and she thought it was a guy I was texting and asked who it was. I saw Joey and Dawson run down the path next to us (separated by a block of classrooms). When we got back they had only just run in, laughing and Joey fell. Jen got upset and told me. I said "I never liked you". I said I watched the show and from the beginning I never liked her because "you stole Dawson and I liked you for a bit in season three and four" and when she was friends with Jack, but then she stole Dawson again. I mentioned her sleeping with every guy she met. I also mentioned Jensen Ackles and she was like "your man" and I thought we must've been dating. I apologized to her.