I was at a shop. I had a bag with some matchboxes and a big box of them and a bag with pants. I lined up at the counter. Someone was before me. Then it was 5pm and everyone left and I was like 'aw'. I walked out and the alarm went off so I chucked the matchboxes in the bin. My car was small and a baby green colour. I couldn't find it and it was dark. Mom and Ezra came and Ezra went to look in one section and Mom drove around. I went along side her but in another section. I ended up at like a construction site. I thought I saw the car a while away but there were some dodgy guys around. Some where near me too. They started chasing us. I attacked them and I think I had a pole. I got through them and went to the car. Mom was in the front seat and I thought they had killed her and I opened the door and she turned and her eye had been cut out. Her lip was bloody. She didn't know what was going on and I moved her to the back seat. I started to drive and it went backwards and I realized they had changed the controls and it went weird. I got onto the road, which was like a freeway and they were chasing us. I managed to get off and then I was somewhere else and not in the car. There were tunnels and monsters. Each tunnel was small and led to a 'cave' (like a dungeon in World of Warcraft) with the next set of monsters. Some were like spiders. I attacked them and moved on. One of them was like a lion. At first I tried to kill it but then Ezra pet it and it purred and calmed down. We got it to understand that we were on a team and we had to attack all the other stuff. Then it was a movie and Michael Rosenbaum, James Van Der Beek, Ryan Kelley [I was doing my Wiki last night] and Devon Sawa were in it. It was like Final Destination. I thought it was odd that Devon was in another one. Michael was bald still and I thought it was weird that Ryan Kelley and others from Smallville were in it. One bit was them sitting at a table in this room and Devon saw a chandelier above them and thought it was going to do something. It sparked and one of the bits fell onto the guy next to him. I was saying to myself, "how did he die [in the first Final Destination]? Oh, it was between movies and brick in the face". Then some guy got a brick in his face. In the background, James Van Der Beek and his mother from Dawson's Creek were there. I said "look at Dawson" and he was like 'can I go home now?'