I went past dads to get something. I was with Mom, Darren, Ezra, Ando (Heroes) and another friend of Ezra's. We were going to get my car too. There were drugs on the breakfast bar. We left and it was squishy in the car (Ezra, Ando and I were in the back), but we decided to go like that. I was next to Ando and his foot was touching my foot and moving up and down. I was thinking that we secretly liked each other. We got to this place and there were lots of escalators all connected that went really fast. They also turned and went straight, etc. We got to the top and I went off with Mom. It was like a market. She was looking at the clothes, which were all really small and I said "only Asians can fit into these". There were some mystery bags for $4.50. We got one and all it had were seven packs of cheap gloves. We met up with Ezra and he had my water bottle and there was only a little bit left. There was a cabinet with stuff for sale and one of them was a fat lady's head which was in the corner in the dark. There were some people on the ground reading. Then I worked for some people who were aliens. They took over and were rounding up random people. I had to go with them for a while. There were people dressed in costumes and had to climb up this wall. The aliens showed us all this game -- I had to work out how to get a basketball into the hoop (it was like a computer game). I did it by chance and this guy was angry with me for not using math to work it out. Then everyone was normal. I went into this computer room and saw this guy doing something on a computer and I asked what it was and he said he was looking for his soul mate. It cost 1000 credits and it went through all the people here and he said it was because he was bored and I said 'fair enough', since there was nothing else to do. I wandered off and this guy was running crazily down the hall, going down and then back. There was a hot guy on a computer in a hall that got my attention. He looked a bit like Joshua Jackson. I told him about the soul mate thing and he only had 300 credits. There was a sheet that had George Harrison on it. There was a list of the people and I saw Gavin and Terrence on there along with other people I knew. I found my name but it was my 'original' name and it started with a K (or maybe an E, it's hard to read) and my last name was Mueller.