On Facebook, Dmitri had said "Dmitri says: Alana and I just spent a few hours in a hotel room". He had lots of comments and some were from and about Calvin and Elijah. He had also uploaded new photos and they didn't even look like him. I was at school at an assembly. I went back in time to when Gramps was alive and he was there (still at the assembly). I saw Noah Bennet (Heroes) in the crowd and I said it was weird seeing him 'normal'. I sat down with my laptop at the front next to the wall, not on the steps. I was going to get on the network and take any photos they had. There was a small TV in front of me and this girl next to me said Diesel was playing. She mentioned Sausalito Summernight and I thought she said it wrong. I said that I liked Down in the Silvermine too. It played an advertisement with Aunt Sally from years ago. I recorded it with my phone. I was then in their house and it was decorated for Christmas and looked nice. I said to Gramps that I was from "2009. End of 2009". He 'knew' that I was telling him the truth. I also told him that he was dead. I left the house and got picked up by Dad and Ezra. Ezra took the laptop and went with Gramps. I went with Dad. He took me to the old house. I was waiting to leave and I saw Tigger and Mittens and a black cat on the breakfast bar. They were really skinny and we were out the back. I turned the lights on and it was evening. I asked if I could feet the cats and he said he was going to ask me to. I emptied the old food into the bin and there were maggots in it. One fell on my jumper sleeve and I squealed and got it off and was like "I'm going to be sick!".  I cleaned a couple of bowls and then went somewhere. I came back and there was this weird creature on the floor. Ezra was there now. It was like an anteater. Ezra sprayed it with fly spray. It came towards us and I ran into Dad's old room and I was now with Dad. Ezra led it up the hall and it went into my room. It said it could put us to "sleep" using anything. Dad opened the door to look and I pushed him out and he fell to the ground asleep. I ran out of the room into the kitchen. I was waiting for it and trying to find some weapons.