I was at a convention thing. I was in a shaded part and some people from Heroes were walking past and I saw Zachary Quinto and I was like "Sylar! Sylar!". He stopped and took off his sunglasses and waved. Maki Oka also stopped and said hello and I said "hi Hiro!". Then I asked him for a photo and he said they couldn't because they were filming. He walked off, but a short time later he and James Kyson Lee came back and said they weren't filming yet. I stood between them and got a friend to take the photo and then another one. I went to this food place that looked very market-y and Asian-y and cheap like. There was lots of rice. Masi stopped the guy serving and let all the people eat for free. Hilarie Burton and someone were there. She got into a fight and was upset and angry and was living in the food place. I was then at university which was random and different. I had to go back for a bit but I couldn't remember what day it was or what class I had. I went up some steps to go to chemistry. The teacher there gave us our marks. I got 89.8%, which was a tie with this other guy and someone got 91% and another got 100%. I text Dad telling him my result. Evelyn was there and had done society and environment and got 55%. Elijah was there too. Some girls in the class were pregnant and were excused from some stuff. Then I was watching some show where this girl would appear in places randomly and so was always wearing different things, etc. Then it was me and I saw Simba at this vet place. I pet him and was then like "is this Simba?" and the vet guy said "I dunno but he's bleeding to death". I said "Oh my God it is Simba!". He had been taken in for problems like that. I was sad about Simba, but thought we could replace him with Tigger. Then it was the girl again. She was also bleeding. Then I was watching Heroes and Sylar turned up at some friend's house saying he would give them a 'freebie'. She flew him to the next building. Parkman was helping him with something. I ended up on a plane with Ezra. I was spying on some people for the police. Then this cop decided to crash the plane. It was bumpy and we fell out of our seats. We landed on the freeway. It had almost stopped and Ezra and I got out. We laughed because we were the first out. I realized it had all been planned.