I was at dads. I went out the back and Darren was wearing a towel and Mom was out there getting clothes for him hurriedly and I asked what was happening. They said Darren might have taken the wrong "truck" (though it was a van). We heard someone pull up and we went out to check and it had pulled up next door. I can't remember how it started but we had to get to the guy before he found us or whatever. He was killing people, I think. Darren walked up the street looking for him. My car was in the driveway. I got in the back and Dad was in the passenger seat and Ezra was in the driver's seat, but Dad was controlling it at the moment. Mom was behind the car and they were close to hitting her and I said to watch out but they kept going and ran over her. I was like 'what the hell are you doing?!'. I told Ezra to stop but they said no. We backed out into the street and she was lying on the driveway and I said to Ezra to get out of the driver's seat and he was like "yeah right and listen to your music". I said "I don't care about the radio!". He took off and I saw Darren up the street and he looked like he had been hit and I said to stop because it looked like the guy's van in a driveway, but they still refused. There were other signs of the guy but they ignored me. I was really upset and angry and I said to Dad "after I finish packing I never want to see you again!". There was lots of wide stuff on the roads, palm fronds etc. Dad said he'd heard about stuff happening on the radio and I said that Mom had mentioned a bad storm coming earlier. Eventually they stopped, but it was too far away for me to get back home. I went into a shop and they left. There was now an apocalypse happening. It was partly my fault, I think. I had powers, like I could generate heat from my hands. The best way was to hold a small bean bag tightly and I made flames. I was in the DVD section and I was trying out my powers. I met up with a 9 year old girl who was quite pretty and knew about what was happening. There was some lava on the ground, which was coming from behind an aisle and it was like a slug. My hand got red, but there were no flames. A mother and her young daughter came along and asked if some movie was here and I said "no... try here again tomorrow" and the girl smiled and her mother said "that's the most inspiring thing I've ever heard" and I thought 'that doesn't even make sense' and the girl hugged her. They went away. I told the girl I was with that I wish I didn't know an apocalypse was happening tomorrow. We went down a back hall and Mom was now in the all of the loading dock. We walked there but she wasn't there and I said "I don't know if that's a good or bad thing that she's not here". There was some show, that I think was called "You Look Young -- 59", or something to that effect. There was a guy with two kids and it was quite funny. He was high and the cops were outside. He sent his kids out and then they were either with or were Cartman and Kyle (both from South Park) and they were singing? Kyle stole the driver's door from a car and they left (I think).