I was at home trying to sleep. I closed and locked my door. I managed to fall asleep but woke up like 5 minutes later. Layla was sitting in my chair doing stuff and I said 'get out of my room!' and I slapped her back and pushed her out of my room, asking "how did you get in here anyway?". I ate a Mars Bar and then went back to sleep. Later, I had this little ball, which was like the TARDIS; if you opened it, it was bigger inside. I can't remember properly, but I went to the future. The other me didn't like me. She was with a group and they did something but I was never clear what. I was then in a car with some people and this cop friend of mine was driving and he stopped this guy who was walking down the street with a trolley, because he was pushing it the wrong way. I was then at a shop with Eugene, who was my boyfriend. We walked into this area and I had my arm around him and we switched so that we were holding hands. There was a book place getting set up. We had a dog with us. I asked if the shop was Myers and it was. We went into the shop that was actually open and we were walking around. I lost my phone and found it on the floor. We went to this section with beds and then we split up. I walked past this couple who were on a bed and he was masturbating her and she was making a movie of it. I was like 'ok...' and continued along. I left the shop and went to my cop friend. He said "all you guys went in with 2 and only 1 of you came out alone". He made us go in to look for Eugene. Then we rang his phone and we heard it ringing in the elevator shaft. Then it was Jared Padalecki down there and he was a bit younger. He was in a section under the elevator chained up. He was trying to break this weak bit of wire above him to get his phone (he was directly under the elevator). He had been captured by aliens. He broke a water pipe to get water. He was let out and he was talking to me about it. He said something about pregnancy and I said "what did they do to you?!" and he was like 'oh none of that, just "scrambled my brains",'. He said they carefully watched him while he ate. We had encountered these aliens before.