I was at the library at university but it was different and was very neat. I bought a blanket because the toilet had scanners and it was to cover you up with. Everyone in the library was talking about sex. I got the lady to scan something to check and I said it was my first day and she was confused. I left and was looking for my car then I remembered that I take the train. I ran across to the road and there were buses going both ways (on the same lane). I ran for a bit then walked up to the bus stop. There were two buses but they were both full and this guy and I got left out. The bus stop was actually like a bus 'port'. This girl and I started talking and we got on a bus and then we were like 'what bus did we just get on?'. It took us downtown. It was busy and weird. We didn't know where to go. There were food places and she yelled at me because she was hungry. There was an empty pizza packet. To get to the different 'levels' (they all went to different places) you had to go down these weird stairs. There was a rail and then a swirly thing. It was quite high. The girl almost fell and I grabbed her hand, but it slipped and she swung out to stop and she grabbed the rail and climbed down and I said "I saved your life!". I grabbed the top of the stairs and let it fall and it dropped me gently to the ground. We still didn't know where to go. We went into a dark hall with more halls leading to places, and there were colourful signs saying "60's", "70's" and "80's". I ran down the 80's one and into the platform. It was colourful and said FancyFire everywhere. I then realized I had no pants on and ran back to the stairs (where they had fallen off) and put them on and got my phone and asked Mom what train station I should get off at. She said Stirling and I said that I meant on a different route. There was lots of yellow in the platform. I was taking photos with my phone. I was then dressed in a yellow bird-like outfit. I found blocks of chocolate and it had three different flavours in one block. Two of them were made of "boxed flowers". They tasted odd. Sam (Supernatural) was there and he said he almost died getting them and I joked "Thanks Sam for dying!"