I was outside a huge school like building. I knew I was at a school but I didn't know where I was or how I got there. I ended up at this greenhouse thing and went inside. When I went through doors inside the building it would usually teleport me back somewhere. Some people were after me and I was trying to run away but it was hard because of the teleporting and I was quite panicky and frantic. I had a notebook and I knew that I had to write the first things that came to mind on each line. I was running away from the people and I kept stopping to write things in (I had to, but I'm not sure why). Something reminded me of Denny in Grey's Anatomy, so I wrote "Denny", then "Anatomy". I ran to a room and they were just outside. There were words on the wall such as evolve, different and 'iweizy' but I didn't know what it was. I thought it was cool and a good name for the things in the story I wanted to write. I was trying to write it down so I would remember it when I woke up but then I was watching Suspiria and I was scared and I was thinking 'why am I watching this before bed'. This guy came up to the door of the room (the room I was in, was now in the movie) and the door had a window on it. He started going through it and I screamed. The people eventually got me and they took me to this classroom. There were a few other people in there. There were a few different types of good, such as cupcakes and pancakes. They all had egg in them. I was telling everyone not to eat anything with egg in it. This guy also knew about the dodgy eggs and we started throwing all the food at the wall and window. One of the people came in and asked who did it and we wouldn't tell them. They brought us into a big room that was like a main floor of an office and there were two escalators (without the steps). There were lots of people going up, but only a few going down. They sent us up. I got to the top and saw the room they were sending us to and freaked out and tried to go down the down escalator but it went up too and I was like 'this is impossible!' and some kids who were going down said they were actually still going up (it was an illusion). I gave up and let it take me back up. We were all taken into the room and given puzzles [note: I have been playing on Jigzone lately]. I did a couple but then left to talk to them. One of them looked like Tony Soprano (The Soprano's). I asked him why we had to do puzzles and he said it was to improve memory and the like and I said why not mix it up. I said we were humans and that we needed a break and variety. I could see he was starting to get annoyed at me. I said our fingers are hurting because we've been doing it for so long and that our minds weren't working at full speed. He seemed to consider what I was saying. I pleaded with him to at least tell me why. Also, at one point it showed a highschool football team outside and they couldn't find a door to get in (they also didn't know what was going on) and I told them to find the door that was different. Anyway, he decided to show me a newspaper saying stuff about overpopulation. I was like 'oh' and realized. It said that this country had "+499" which was a joke. He flicked through and I also saw that the date was 2004, which was the future (I think it was 1996 or so). There was a picture of them and there were only four and they were all guys. He mentioned that the laws of physics didn't apply at this place and that's why the doors teleported etc. They also had slightly longer foreheads (they were aliens). I said "But why highschool students? Why not old people and the sick?". He shrugged and said "I don't want to get kung fu with a gun" and I was like "what?" and he made a gun with his fingers and said "a gun". I said there were other ways of killing them and he said "I could fuck them" and I laughed. I realized it had to be done and reluctantly slowly walked back and up the escalator. I was thinking that I was the only person who knew this. I got back to the room and was upset. The other people wondered what was wrong. I ended up going back down and Tony was looking up things that I'd gotten in trouble for. I had gotten in trouble for "being 48 seconds late to a test because of a punk calculator". A punk calculator was a normal calculator but it had a lock, like the ones on suitcases with the numbers on the 'wheels'. They went to "-2". He looked perplexed about this and I realized they sent any student with a black mark. He told me to go into a room and "turn left to the water". I thought he was letting me go because of the stupid reason. There was an open window in the room with the flaps like on toilet/bathroom windows. It was extremely windy and I said "it's cold... and really windy!". I thought he would tell me to take a big breath because I had been plucked from the ocean, but he told me to unplug it and let "the wave of Neptune" into the place. I realized it would flood the place and as I reached for the plug, he said there wasn't enough time for any of us. I got ready for it and held my breath and pulled it out. The room quickly filled with water and I swam to the top and took a breath. My face was at the ceiling and the water was still rising and when I was fully submerged I let out my breath.