I was at Nana's. Aunt Sally was over. Sometimes it was Smallville. Clark, Chloe, Ezra and I were messing about. Then something was after us. Chloe and I got into an elevator but it was dodgy. It opened and we jumped out just in time. We hid in a bathroom and waited for someone to come in and scare us. We walked out and then it was real life again. Bryson, Nathaniel and Braden were in the family room. I walked in there because I thought Nana was in there. Bryson was on the computer. There was bubblegum all over the floor. I asked Nathaniel why and he said it was easier and I said to put it on the chair because there was 'less taste of carpet'. I helped them find something and they gave me something and I said "Thank you for this lovely piece of bread". It had icing sugar all around the outside of it. I tasted it and it was weird but edible. Aunt Sally had a baby. Suddenly it appeared in front of me and I (?) started chucking coins. Nana said she found my Goosebumps shirt and gave me a packet of Goosebumps stuff. I told her that when I was packing up my stuff I found my Let it Be shirt. I was then in bed trying to sleep. Eugene was next to me and we had a baby boy called Adam. I was thinking that it was weird and that I felt weird. Then people were trying to find something about the IRS or something. I showed them what it looked like online and where they were. There was an accident across the street and we had fake ID's and got in. There was a girl slumped over the computer and this guy said he found that she had fallen from a higher floor. There were lots of people there watching. I was watching The Soprano's later and Tony lost his memory or was confused. Adriana was in FlashForward and this guy was with her called Silvio who she was having an affair with. He eventually killed her in 'Chapter 2'. They were sitting on a rooftop, which was made of glass and was possibly a green house. He was swinging on this thing because he knew he wasn't going to die and she said they had to end the affair.