I was watching My Bloody Valentine and the killer was actually a werewolf or something. There was a scene in a barn and it threw a shark/bear through the top floor and it got owned. The cops arrested (?) it the next day. Jensen Ackles was there alone later. He heard a noise and it chased him. Then it was Dawson's Creek. Joey and Pacey ran from it. It liked Joey. She went to hide in a shed and her foot got caught in a net. It caught up with her and she talked to it and cut the net to catch it and then they teleported away. Then it was real life. Ezra, Jensen Ackles, Jared Padalecki and I were sitting at a table at an outside bar. It was like the beach ones in movies. The girl behind the bar was friendly with me. There was a guy there who I thought liked me. He gave me a cup and I put it in a fridge in the bar and took a water bottle. Also, there was a cure for lycanthropy. I got a potion but then this guy who wanted it confronted a friend of mine to ask if this map led to the potion. I ran the other way, saying that if I was lying then I would tell you to go in the opposite direction. I ran to the cave but I accidentally touched the wrong entrance and I got teleported back a little. Ezra and Jared caught up and I said that I had to go back. They were like 'it's ok' and sat down on the grass to eat. I was puffed out from the running so I walked back and got a water bottle. I then got distracted talking to Jensen. I then walked back with a long stick. I checked my phone and my wallpaper was of Jared and I and I realized that Jensen was sitting at the table behind him in the picture. It changed to a movie of Supernatural and there was a scene with 'bad' Dean in a tree (?) and Dean said that 'this is what happens when you drink too much' to a bunch of alcoholics. There was a deleted scene that showed Dean talking to them in the background and Sam was at a table. Sam said "you mean like a gr...gr...GRAIL?!?" just like 'Tim' says it in Monty Python and the Holy Grail. I had a drink and then laughed. He said it really well and did a hand movement too. It then showed this behind the scenes thing where they were going to do this plot with an ice cave and had them steal people's heads and they decided not to do it because it was similar to Monty Python and the Holy Grail. There was a behind the scenes bit of a Monty Python thing and Michael Palin and some guy who I thought was Finnish, were holding their kids and walking down a path. I was then in the back seat of the car with Mom and Fug was in the passenger seat. The radio was on my station (the oldies one). I lost some dreams that I had in my pocket. Mom found them and I pointed out Jensen's name in one of them and then his name was somewhere else too. I was going to show her Jared's name but thought she wouldn't get it. A lame song came on but I couldn't reach over to change it. I said to Fug, jokingly, 'change the station' and she reached over and randomly changed the station. I was like 'whoa!'. I pointed to one and she pressed the button. I clapped and she looked happy. Mom said she was also staying tomorrow. Mom was going to dads to get some food. I wanted to go home but she forgot and took me to dads.