I was out the front of Dad's old place near the garage. People kept driving around the corner really fast and pulling up. Darren wanted me to get some cat door sheets. I had to hold the roller door down with the bin. I was telling someone a story of how Barack Obama used to be our pool cleaner (I was telling the truth). I said that I had dreamt he became the president before he was. Nana was watching an episode of Supernatural. Dean got possessed by a girl and Nana was like 'how embarrassing'. Sam looked like he thought it was funny. Then I got invited to this party as part of a job. My boss was in the pool. This guy and I were partners and we asked him for something. He gave us two cheap disposable phones and we were setting them up. It was night. I was then in a car. This guy came and was pulling it apart trying to get me. I had a Frisbee like thing and was hitting him with it. I got out and ran to a building. I hit him when I got in and closed the door and locked it, although he couldn't get in anyway. I was covered in blood and my face was dirty and covered with white powder. I walked down a hall and it was empty and it was a government building thing. I wasn't supposed to be there so I was being quiet. I walked around and I found out about some zombie experiments. Someone else joined me and then this mother and son attacked us and he was being held up against the wall. I hit them and tied them up in chains. With the kid, I made it so the rope went around his next. I tightened it but when the other person saw, they stopped me. They were infected. I ended up getting angry and stormed away.  This guy I hardly knew called Laszlo [note: watched The Lives of Others yesterday] was with me. We ran away through the carpark. I looked back and the oval was crawling with zombies. We were like 'they're after us!'. It was now day. We had no keys so Laszlo hijacked this purple car. We drove for a bit and ended up at this waste place. There were sections of barbed fence inside. This muscly, but small, African woman was guarding it. She was dressed in old-fashioned armour and moved slow. I said something to my friend and he turned and attacked me (he was infected) and I killed him. I was annoyed about this because I thought he was hot. I got into the waste place and tried to get the African woman to walk onto a mine and would tempt her closer by putting my hand out. She grabbed it and I got a pole and managed to get away. I found a notebook and threw it at her. She said she had a letter from a lover (a girl) and it had like a bomb in it but it hadn't gone off. Later, I was near a bookshelf and my old stuff was in it. She said that I must be glad I'm not writing down my life now and I said that I still was. I started to cry and tried not to. I didn't know what to do now.