The last episode of FlashForward that I watched was really good. It had been tense, good action, plot etc. I went on IMDb to post about it. I also watched an episode of Fringe and Olivia got invited to the other universe by herself (from the other universe). She had a dot on her stomach. She had to go to a school gym. There were people there. She told this guy to "ssh" and then there was a whistle and everything paused. She then slipped into the other universe. Her other self was there and told her to straighten up but she vomited and kept falling between the two worlds (it was like static and it would fade). Later, Dad came over and I was at home, which was different. I said that it was a good episode tonight and he said it was ok and I said I meant FlashForward. He said he wasn't watching it anymore. He had just been at the shop with Ezra. They had bought old Dawson's Creek books. James van Der Beek was on the cover of one of them. Jessica Warren was the name of a character. Another one of the books was about the army. Then I was in a clothes shop. I got a permanent marker and wrote that the last episode of FlashForward was good and don't cancel it. I wrote stuff about it on the window too. Raquel was there too. She decided to write on the windows as well. She said she didn't know what to protest about and she decided on 'getting a boyfriend' or something. I was like 'your so boy oriented'. She wrote 'LD [heart] NR' referring to Dmitri, on the window. Pink was also there and asked if she could join in and I said 'yeah whatever' and she said that she always thought that I was into girly stuff and I was like 'what the hell?'. There were people outside the window (it was an inside window). There were bras next to the window. Some police came but they couldn't stop us because of some law. Then we were doing some acting thing and it was in a pub setting. This cop was trying to remember our names and put us in different positions. I was in a sitting position last time and they wanted me to stand. In Fringe, the people in one world were in black and white. Someone touched one of them and they turned into colour, then another one did etc. There was a quiz about people but there were pictures of Supernatural, mainly of Jared Padalecki and one with Jensen Ackles alone. The quiz was actually about police being at home or on the streets.