I was at the old house and I had gotten two posters of Jared Padalecki and Jensen Ackles and one of two girls? I cut them in half and edited them together and was going to put it on my wall. The one of Jared got morphed with these girls and he was on top, the girl on the bottom and she was naked. There was a knock on the door and this guy there. He begged me to let him in so I hid. He pushed his face up to the door and mentioned my name and I was like 'what the hell?!' and thought that I didn't recognize him but I let him in. He wanted to go to the movies with me and I said 'you can go yourself' but he insisted so I went to put my shoes on. I had gotten invited via a big truck to join some group (mafia like). I joked "the first rule about fight club is, you don't talk about fight club". There were rules about having affairs and you had to keep them updated and if a kid was born you had to let them know. This guy and I were talking to the leader and he said something about some Sims 2 family but they passed as a 'low' tree. He wanted to sue them but couldn't find anything against them. Ralph (The Soprano's) was telling this girl (who I had been at one point) that he had had sex with a horse. She was quite pretty by the way and she reminded me of Megahn Perry. He convinced her they should have sex and they went into the back of this van in a garage. It was the meeting place for 'sexual fetishes'. I arrived there and was checking things and I saw her sleeping in there. I knocked on the window and she woke up. She had underwear on and I mouthed 'get out now' and she woke Ralph and they quickly ran out. They casually walked in from another way and Ralph kissed her on the lips and was talking to some guy. There was some movie and someone said "what is this, Buenos Dias? Oh, Buenos Aires". I knew of it and it was some poor African/Asian place and there were lots of people who got starved. People wanted to give them huts or something. This guy got lifted up into the air and shot. I was like 'aw I liked him'.