This girl friend and I were walking down a street. She said we should hitchhike and told me to do it. I put my thumb out and then there was an explosion in front of us (it was a fair away in the city). It was sort of mushroom-y and we saw all this red stuff (presumably flames) coming towards us and we ran behind this building and then the flame went past us. We sat against the wall and there were a bunch of trees in front of us. Black smoke came from behind us and it was thick but the trees managed to shade us from it. Then there was another one but it came from this side (towards us) and we ran around to the other side. It was thick with smoke and it was hard to breathe. There was a pine forest to the right of us. We ran into it and it was foggy but with little speckles of dust floating about. She ended up getting a car but it was American and there was a dent on the left side. She drove up to me and told me to get in, so I did. There was a half eaten sandwich and I was hungry so I ate it. We went towards where the second explosion had been. We went to our house/work and there were apartments below it or something. We went to this weird house and there were some guys there and had a weird dead fish. This guy jumped down this hole in the floor to check the "computer server". This other guy was involved with the explosion and told him to give him his work (the guy in the hole). We could see things better and the guy shot a gun and we could see the ripple around the bullet as it moved. There was already underground stuff going on (post-apocalyptic rebels, etc). People were going crazy. We went near some buildings and we heard some people talking and I moved away. I passed a toilet and I heard a girl struggling with someone. I went into a building and it was office like. I heard the guys mention us and called out to us. There was a TV on and it said they were the guys that caused it. We ran away. This guy's head was on the floor but he was alive and it was being used as a football. I gave it to these guys nearby. The head guy was called Manny Trejo. He threw it at a guy and he bashed it in. We went to this shop and they had school bags. I gave one to the lady behind the counter and it came with a notebook. This girl asked me if I stunk and I said "probably, I've just been running".