Some girl was in court because she left her wheelchair bound father alone. She went to see him and he realized she had left to live her own life and he was ok about it. I was then crossing a street. I was making a new Twilight movie but was thinking that Robert Pattinson was known as Edward now and no-one would accept new casting. Someone said it was like Christian Bale in The Dark Knight and I said "except 'The Goth Knight' sucked". I then walked into a cinema (though it was only a cinema after I entered it). I went in and then realized I had no money so I called Mom and asked her to bring some money. I called back a few minutes later to see where she was, but she had just pulled up. She gave me a peanut butter sandwich, which I ate. I said I needed money but then I looked at the list of movies out and realized there was nothing I wanted to see so I said I would go home. Then I was alone and there were zombies. There were crowds of people rushing around. Eugene was there and he pulled me into a room to save me. A lot of us ended up in there. It was a big room and there was one big rectangle shaped window facing the carpark. There were lots of shelves in the room. Every shot the window and we all had guns and started shooting the zombies as they came in. Eventually they were gone. I was about to go get my car and then this guy with a gas mask came in. We shot him. Some of us moved into another room and this guy came in and I aimed my gun at him but he hadn't seen me and he faced away and the red dot from my gun was on the wall. He saw it and I shot him in the head before he turned around. Then lots of others came in and I hid with some people including Niki (Heroes). They came in and didn't see us and we had a baby with us who was the 'antichrist'. We realized his power worked like, because the people didn't know where we were, they couldn't see us. They called out Niki and she stood up and gave herself up. I was then alone with the baby and it turned red and started to shake and I was like 'I don't know what the hell to do!'. Then it was some time later. This girl checked on Niki and she was doing some conditioning program. She said she had finished and she did it with a hot brain which was a myth that was supposed to make it stuff up and she said her knees turned yellow. This lady said she was only '285' programs through it and Niki looked worried.