I went to see some horror movie at the cinema that came out like 5 years ago. I started walking with a bowl of cereal. I passed Calvin and gave him the bowl and asked him to hold onto it. He was with a guy friend and he started talking and mentioned that they were seeing Friday the 13th tomorrow. I hadn't seen it. I decided not to go the cinema now and I said that we should all go as there was a movie marathon on. The guy wasn't too happy about it and said that Calvin and I shouldn't go out and I said "what the hell, we're seeing a movie not making children". There was also something to do with Michael Palin and Terry Jones but I don't remember it properly now. Anyway, we all went there including Ezra. We were at the counter and I was like "brrr!" and kept making other noises. The lady behind the counter was like 'ok... you're weird'. I said it was natural? I joked that I scared my door. I got a medium popcorn but asked them to change it to a small. First I accidentally asked to change my chair to a small one. Someone said that I was looking fat and I said "I've lost 2kg!" and jokingly pretended to hit them. I can't remember what happened but we were then on a boat and Ezra and I had a fight and he jumped off the edge and started to sink. This black security guard guy jumped in and saved him. The guy friend wanted to go home but I wanted to see the movie still. Calvin wanted to go home too (they were all upset about Ezra) but I was like 'let's just go watch the movie!'. But they all left. I was talking to a lady and asked her to write down my dream for me. When I went to get it, it was on my notepad but every page was full. I looked closer and it was the script for Deep Rising. I was confused about it and it cost $200,000 that night? I went to the lady and threw the paper at her and yelled that they were my last ones. She said she just felt like having fun. I calmed down eventually and said that Deep Rising sucked. I asked why she chose it and I got an image in my head of a huge CGI eel hitting a boat. She said something about a bear with a rabbit that drove faster. The bear was in a car and was chasing the rabbit. She was sending me the images telepathically. I went to watch the movie anyway but then I called Mom to get me because I couldn't be bothered. She said she would be a while. The end of the movie was set in a shop. This guy had accidentally killed his sister and there was some mirror trick using "E Eloise Jorn". Anyway, this sharp thing the guy had flung off and I joked that it would go into Colin Farrell's head. Then it showed him sitting at a table and it got him just near his eye (this had happened in In Bruges). Then it 'rewound' and it was just before this happened. A FlashForward thing had happened which explained a bunch of random things that had happened.