I was with my boyfriend, who was Jensen Ackles (or at least looked like him). We went to a cinema which was in the US. We came in from the back and it was steep and there were lots of seats. The screen was small and was 'out' of the screen (it was like a TV in the middle of the room). We sat at the back as they were the only seats left. I was like 'it's so busy!'. It cleared out and when some people were left I said 'Back home, this would be busy'. We walked down and got seats in the front row. He didn't hear what I had said so I repeated it, but he didn't hear me again and I repeated it again. He put the arm rest up and I snuggled up next to him. My ex-boyfriend was then behind us and it was AJ from Dawson's Creek (well, his name was AJ and he looked like him). He started trying to talk to me and was getting angry and abusive. Eventually he left. Then Dawson's Creek was playing on the screen. Joey and Pacey were talking and she was talking about "snakes and puppy dogs tails and I did it with you" which referenced them growing up together. She kissed him and I was like 'gay'. There was also some stuff about Robert Pattinson and I was like 'he sucks!'. We left there. Jensen wanted me to move to the US. We also had a kid together. I had a girl with AJ too and she was also still a baby. I didn't really want to move. Then I was at the old house and we still lived there. Mom was there. I was playing with the first baby and tickled it and she was laughing and squirming and her face was red (she normally had a red face). I was saying "You're an ugly child aren't you" in that stupid baby voice people talk in. I went to my room and I was thinking that I didn't feel different from having a kid. I went to Mom and said that the first kid's face was red. She said she would take her to the doctor's tomorrow morning. She was worried that AJ was trying to poison her. I was watching One Tree Hill at one point and I heard a voice and I said "is that Haley?" and then it showed her. Then I was a guy or something and I was with Jamie-Lynn Sigler in the cinema. She was my girlfriend and was wearing jewellery and I felt grossed out by it. She took off her bracelet which was then a necklace and it was gold, but had little bits of silver. She gave it to me and I didn't want to touch it, but I held it and felt sick. She wanted me to have it and do something with it because her ex had given it to her and she didn't like him. I was wondering why I was with her if she wore jewellery.