I was watching a movie. These people kept rushing to these doors with these small keys that. It had a name but I can't remember what it was. Then I was there and we were all trying the keys in locked boxes. Then I wasn't there and it was a trap to kill them as no keys fit. Then it was different and people would wish for someone to die, but they would also die. The main guy from Zombieland was there. He was with a lady and he realized she was trying to kill him. She was a demon or something. I think he escaped but then this girl was there, and then it was me. I snuck out of the door and into a car. There were heaps of cars and it was night. I was driving out and kept hitting them but kept maneuvering around and got out. She came out to stop me but I got away. The deaths from the wishes happened within 5 minutes, I think, and they were random. I was then near where the dude lived. I found the street and went and found him. He was in a small building like a demountable but it was only room. He let me in and we were discussing the situation. Then it felt weird and we had been waiting for people to arrive. They tipped the building over and we fell on top of each other in the corner of it. They were good guys, but had thought something was up. I went on IMDb after finishing the movie and people were discussing bite marks that the people had. They thought it looked Latin. It had an 8.8/10 rating but not many votes. This guy said it was poorly edited and was lame. It was going to be turned into a TV show. Someone suggested Zachary Quinto (I assumed it was for the bad guy). They said he could say his name like "I am Scaaarrr". Some people suggested some people for the female parts, but they were all stupid choices (like tween stars). The person who had suggested Quinto, also suggested Hayden Panettiere. Then I was at home but it was different. My room was next to the toilet which was next to the backyard and my room was away from the other rooms. I could hear bass from some music [note: last night there was loud bass coming from somewhere]. I had been in bed for 4 hours and got up at 2am to go to the toilet. I saw people dancing outside. I got Darren and Mom up and Darren was angry but went to check. He knew this girl out there called Sarah. She turned the bass down and talked to me through the window. She was doing a PVC course? They let out tiny bits of paper to make a girls face.