I was at Toys R Us with Mom and she had cut out a picture of D'Argo (Farscape) on the computer and said he always [did something to her, I can't read it]. He was from another show too. I said he grew on me. Then the other show, he and some others were in a car and they were trying to catch a creature. Someone was like "who's more important here. You?" and he said no and then there was a big shadow and some guy was outside. I honked the horn to get it to leave. Mom and some others were in an alley. Bradley Cooper was there and there were some fences and he was in a 'door of fantasy' (led to another realm). We were trying to hide from something. I joined him and then we ran into this glass room. It was inside another room, and was just glass all the way around (in a circle). He said "[someone] is nub". We closed the door and then this guy who was like Ralph Fiennes in Harry Potter came and had to use magic to get in. Everyone went crazy and smashed the walls. There was an old guy there. I left and Ezra, some others and I were in a restaurant. A radio station was playing like 6IX. I was looking at the food (it was like a buffet) and there was rice, gnocchi and prawns. James Gandolfini was there too. I said "Oh my God, they have gnocchi! Gnocchi is my favouritist thing in the world! Must resist the gnocchi". There was good music playing and some guy changed the station. There was a cover of When I'm Cleaning Windows. I said it was made in "like 1937". Down By The River and Driver's Seat also played. Liar, Liar also came on. Then I had gone out with Ramona somewhere. We crossed the street and had a compass with us. I had a pen and I remembered back to when my 'boyfriend' had given it to me and it was like a movie and he had died years ago. He had given me the compass too, I think, and had said to "point it towards me". As we crossed the street I cried. We got to Subway and she wanted me to order her food and she gave me $2.25 per thing she got to use for myself. I said that I wouldn't order it. The seats we were at, were facing the wall, which had a mirror on it. I tried to call Mom to get me, but called Dad by mistake. He yelled at me and said he was trying to watch a movie and "Tom Cruise just killed himself" -- which was a scene in Risky Business. I waited outside behind a car. Some girl told me to move.