I was watching It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia. Mac, Dennis and Charlie were in a big room and were naked (and there were close ups of their penises) and they were high. Dennis had the biggest one. They shook them and Mac and Dennis and had made out for "two seconds" once. Later, Dad took me to this underground carpark, and I had to walk to wherever I was going. The way I usually went was blocked with a gate now. I tried to climb over it but couldn't. This lady came and I started walking down to Dad's car and she told me to go somewhere and I said no. I walked through this other gate into this area. There was a path, which led into other areas (surrounded by small fences) and there was lots of grass and flowers and the like. One had lots of dogs in it, and there was a Chow Chow and a Welsh Corgi. I called Mom to get me but there was no answer. I walked through the place and was at Albany Highway train station. I had no money on me. This guy gave me a newspaper. I text Mom and Ezra. Calvin and a girl were there. I looked in my bag and I realized I had about $20. The girl he was with asked if we were "boyfriend and girlfriend" and I said no and got up to leave. There was a room there with a platform which took you down to this platform with the train. The one which went down to go to Centerville wasn't there, but I didn't realize at first and almost fell. I was hanging off the edge and got back up. This girl jumped on one and it started spinning around and it killed her. I had a message from Samantha and this other girl, replying to a question I had asked. It mentioned me having something in common with [someone, but I can't read the name], such as The Beatles and other music. I asked this lady in a restaurant if the train was ready and she said yeah but to bring it back by 11 (it was like midnight). I asked why and she said "you can't have her forever" and she was talking about Chiana (Farscape) who had something to do with some service with aliens. I said no I want the train. I got in an elevator with 3 guys and it was squishy. I then had to take a train-like thing to the train. Stuff happened along the way and you had to say something, like fail, ownage etc. Stuff fell from the sky. There were toys scattered on the trucks. One was a big dinosaur toy in the middle of the track. I said "fail" and we got past. We ran to the train tracks and it was in the middle of nowhere and there was lots of sand. The train left. Another one came for Centerville and I had to run to the other side. I got in and the seats pulled down and there were about 10 seats. I was also at university at one point and I had to hand out notebooks. One was Grady's, but his name was spelt "Gradee" and there was also a book for Gavin.