I got Left 4 Dead 2. We had the first one for X-Box 360 and so I set it up and got ready to play in HD. Ezra was watching me. I started and you started off in this forest. It was very bright and there was a thin path going through the forest and I was standing one the edge of a cliff thing. Zombies started running towards me. I fell off the edge and bounced off a platform and died. I tried again and this time started shooting them but I used all my bullets and died again. I asked Ezra to play with me. He sat on the lounge and I was sitting at a table and I moved the TV towards me. I had a keyboard on the table and you had to press 'E' to loot. We tried one together and he gave up. Mom had bought a small table and we got it for him to use. We managed to get past the first bit. The character was then Aeryn (Farscape), though she was called Christine. I got to the save place and there was a brown horse there. There were some weapons lying around and I got some and then left. Then it was real life or something. When we left, lots attacked at once. We got to the next place and it was a house. A zombie came in and we killed it and then a cat came in saying something about getting his gun (it was like a vision). I went to the bedroom and searched the cupboards looking for a gun. I was going through the top shelf and I found a box of condoms. There was nothing on the bottom either. Then I remembered that in movies, guns were kept in the guy's underwear drawer. I went to it and found a gun. It was little and very light. I found some bullets but they weren't actually bullets. I heard sex moans and then this guy came into the room and saw me. I explained what I was doing and he was like 'ok'. This other guy joined our group. I got everyone to gather pointy weapons and then we had to leave. We left through the back door and I stabbed a zombie in the head. I was stronger by the way. I found an axe but it was heavy and really big. There were zombies in the way. One of them was talking and I shoved the axe into his head. It was hard to get in. I got him and he fell. Our weapons got blunt etc quickly. I had a popstick and I hit one on the head a few times with it and it died. We got to the next house. A train full of people went past. The house still had electricity and stuff which I was confused about. The people there said they had no weapons. There was one outside but it was slimy and no-one wanted to clean it. There was a pool nearby. A young girl came in crying, holding a black kitten and a bunny and said one had been bitten -- it was the kitten. I took it off her and I was upset and crying (everyone was). I had to kill it and I put it in this thing, like a microwave. Aeryn was with it when it died and I think later, someone said the kid should've been with it.