I was studying medicine. I had blue scrubs and a white coat. Ezra was on a computer and went on this website with a girl called Monica Reunion. Something looked pink. I was also skinny. I told Mom that whatever it was looked pink. I watched the first few episodes of NCIS and it had a weird storyline. This young Asian girl doctor and this guy always had to keep their uniforms on because they were always on call. The snuck off to have sex on a bunk in the on call room. Then it was me, but sometimes Thuy. I had sex with the guy, and I was on top. Then it was like before and I ran to this diet place. The lady outside said that I was perfect (to join) except for one thing and it was because my heart rate was probably high and I would have to pay. I asked her a question about something. There was a boy on a bike and she yelled angrily at him. He had a heart rate monitor on, but it actually measured words that he thought. She said he used to backchat Beethoven. Then she said I passed the test and was allowed in. There was a room with computers and her daughter, an adult, came in. Her two sons came in and they were around my age. It was squishy in the room and my last name was Daughter, but I thought it was weird I hadn't noticed. I went onto an oval nearby and there were some boys playing soccer. I kicked the ball back to them. I felt happy for some reason and I sat on this spinning chair and went across the park, spinning in slow motion. People were watching me but I didn't care. Then I saw this dude on top of a building with a gun. I got off and ran behind some trees. They tried to shoot me. Other people started shooting back. When they were all dead I ran across the street to this house. This Asian guy came down the street and he was the leader of the bad guys. I hit him with an eggplant and he threw it away. He had an avocado and I took it and hit him on the head with it. He died. Thuy came and asked what happened and I said "killed some Asian guy". She said he was their worst enemy. I walked down the street and the lady from before was looking for her sister. She was pregnant and I said the Asian guy was dead. These people in another room heard and were like 'yay!'. There was a little chicken and they put it on the fire to singe its feathers. It was special. The lady 'bequeathed' me the owner of it. It was cute and yellow, and had brown on the end of its feathers from where they had burnt it.