I asked Mom to wake me up by 11.30am. The next morning at 11, she left with Ezra without waking me, but I woke up anyway. I was getting ready later for the comedian thing. Dad came over and I still needed to do my hair. Mom said it would be done in a minute. She took too long so I did it myself. Dad had long hair and we straightened some as a joke. I finished my hair quickly and then I saw it was 7.45pm and I panicked and said we had to leave. We left and Dad went to get cigarettes on the way and there were also road works going on but he didn't seem to be worried about the time. I was watching Supernatural and I was in it. Sam, Dean and I were walking down a street and a train came. Sam was on a bed and Dean and I were pushing it. It did something weird and landed behind us. Sam's leg stretched really high and he took a step and then was back to normal. Then as a joke, Dean leapt into my arms and I carried him a fair way. Sam tried to do it, but couldn't. Then he got heavy and I put him down. Something else happened and it had something to do with spells. We got onto a bus which was actually a library or something though. They started talking to the bus driver and I said "hang on, isn't he supposed to be the Trickster?". I said I watched Band of Brothers recently and something else he was in. He changed into the Trickster and was like "she's good". I said "not really, I saw the next episode preview and it showed the Trickster". He had down the stuff to us earlier. There was a huge queue outside and there was an ugly guy with a mole. It started to rain and everyone started running into the rain. The Trickster wanted me to leave and opened the door. Sam leant over and shut it. I liked him and I think he liked me, by the way. Dean mentioned wanting to sit at a table with Bela. She was there and we were all acting silly. Bela kissed Sam on the cheek/neck. There was also some place called Twilight and we joked that the Trickster liked Twilight. There was also something to do with a "Pokemon handbook".