There was a math thing. I was with a teacher and Ezra. I can't remember properly but he said we could join an online discussion with him. I was then at a shop thing. The teacher guy was there, although I didn't acknowledge him. There were some guys there that looked dodgy so Ezra and I ran. We opened a door and went in and shut it. It had no handle but I could hear the guy's just outside so I was trying to lock it but it could still be pushed in. Then it wasn't a room and there was a counter next to the door, so they just kept threatening us over the counter. There was also a gap between the counter and the shelf at the back. I'm not sure why they were keeping as there. The leader guy pulled the door out and on an angle, put it in neatly then I kicked it out. He picked on me and seemed to flirt with me. We were trying to find ways to escape. The guy kept annoying me and I went out through the shop and chased him outside. There was a road and the cars were going really fast and I pushed him out like five times but each time the cars missed him. Another one of his guys was watching. I was confused and laughed in shock. After that I voluntarily sat with them. He was sitting outside. Someone mentioned that he was spending a lot of time on me and he said that he never spent so much time trying to get with someone and that he had a crush on me. I was like 'ok...'. He was okay looking but wasn't my car (he was about 30-40 and tradesman like). I was using a fake name by the way. His name was Medd Menthril. I ended up kind of liking him. We also talked about getting married, which I agreed to. Eventually we were saved and he was set free. I was then at home which was different. Mom said she was going to start making dinner. I left and there was a big water thing around the shops and you could get a jet ski or something. I took out this fast boat but there was a speed limit and I was annoyed. I got to the end and this guy in a small boat was there to help people get off the boats. He turned around and it was Medd. We pretended we didn't know each other and this other guy said "let's hear it for Gretchen (me)" and I was thinking 'now he knows my real name'. I got home and I had a text from him asking me to put aside a list of movies for him and he also asked 'how old are you?'. I wrote down the movies on my finger and Mom asked what I was doing and I said that he had asked me to get movies for him. She accused me of having sex with him and I said I didn't (although I didn't know if I had). I was also thinking that maybe I had gotten Stockholm Syndrome.