I was at the old house. I was in my room on the computer looking at stuff about the Top 250. This retard guy wanted to see how many he had seen and me and some others said no. He liked me. I left to get away from him and he followed and hugged me from behind. Then it was like 10pm. Mom and I went to a cinema to see a movie. There was some UFC thing on TV and Mom asked me a question about another movie. We got to the cinema one hour early and she left. I had no shoes on. I went outside and walked down this forest path and I think it was to get away from the retard. There was glass everywhere. Lots of people were driving past and I slowly started walking back and I had to pick glass out of my foot. A bus went into the cinema area and I ran to get it but I missed it. I went to the other entrance and asked a security guard where the bus 'ended', but then I saw it and people started getting off. I got there just in time. The driver was black and I asked how much it cost because I didn't have my SmartRider on me. He said it was $5.44 and I said 'whoa! I'm going to Midvale' (I was in Northtown). He said it would be $25, so I asked if I could use my SmartRider when I got back and he said I could transfer the money. Other people needed to as well so he wrote down contact details on a piece of paper. He gave me a photo of a pet shop/garden shop/school with instruments, which was on a piece of paper on the wall. It was good quality and you could zoom in. I was then there and I had to go on the internet. I did what I needed to do and I went to leave. I walked in and out of empty classrooms. Then the retard guy lived out in a swampy forest. There was a black guy parked in a car just staring out. The retard got scared and started hitting him with a hammer over and over laughing crazily. After that everyone wanted him dead so he killed himself by jumping into a grinder thing. I was annoyed that he killed the person because I knew people would tease me about it There was a weird dog that had things wrong with it and it's back was like a squiggle. It was creepy looking.