It was post apocalyptic-y. We were all separated into groups. We were living on an oval with buildings that we built ourselves. We had 'houses', farms, markets etc. We called ourselves 'San Diego' [I watched Anchorman last night]. We had gotten new people in recently. Two girls and I went into a house looking for a friend. We peaked into the bedroom and there was a random guy in bed with a cigarette. We ran to leave but he caught me. I sent that we thought you were a friend of ours. His girlfriend complained too and I said we must have got the houses is mixed up and asked him to let me go. I suspected one of the new girls of being crazy. There had been other crazies but they had been dealt with. We had this paddock behind a shop which had sheep, cows and some other new creature. Some had died recently and I thought they had been killed but no one listened to me so I didn't say anything. I had found a bit of a hoof a while ago on a path but I had ignored it. Today I was walking near the paddock and I jumped into it. I saw this orange thing on the ground which was like a screwdriver handle and a paint scraper shoved into a hoof. I grabbed it and got out of there. I went to Rick (The Walking Dead comic) and asked him something and he asked why the lambs were out. They had been sprayed with something and we couldn't touch them or it would kill them. I said that I was just near the paddock and they had been in there. He fixed it up. There was a makeshift house for the leader which was two storeys but the first just consisted of a set of stairs and there were no walls. I saw the leader up there but I realised I didn't trust him. I went to Rick and I said "can I talk to you for a second" and he said sure and I said away from everyone else will stop he finished what he was doing and we walked away. I said "I'm not sure if it's from a live one or a dead one" and pulled out the half hoof and said "but I found this the other day and then today I found this one" and then handed him the other one. He fit together and we went to check the hooves of those still in there. I said that I had remembered seeing some hooves missing on a live one. I said that I suspected someone was killing them. There was a nerdy girl nearby reading a book series, the name of which was two words which both started with a P. I asked her something. Someone mentioned me going crazy when I saw two new guys throwing mangoes etc around (which was because we had limited food).