I was friends with Obama. Years ago some lady had done something to his wife, who was different. She had had a son who was this weird midget and then it showed them years later and they were in space and they still wanted to find her. The midget still looked the same and had grey hair and was retarded. They were making their way to Earth. Anyway, Obama got me to find out about them. This happened a while ago. I went to see him and he was in a room with this table with a curtain around it. He said "hard day?" And I said why and he said 'I could tell'. He then said that his wife knew about us. I said "we haven't done anything" and I was confused. He looked at me and then he said the thing about the lady. I said that I had seen a look in her eye when she was near the midget. His wife really didn't like me and was suspicious of me. I had some pens I had to give to him secretly but she was watching so I left. Mom gave this black coat to Ezra to use as a distraction. I went with Ezra and we went to 'school'. We were late. I realised I'd forgotten to straighten my hair too. I was then outside a classroom and was running and joking around with some people. I went to the toilet which had joint urinals and had open seats which I thought was lame so I didn't go. There were guys on the computers outside and they were trying to get 10,000 people to join something and they were about 10 people way and I pressed ctrl + alt + F4 and ran. They were angry and Obama was up ahead (he was working out of the school). I got to him and he was with someone else. I said there was a weird vibration in my leg. They told me to talk to Mr Willingham, who was called Hupping, and he told me to go to the nurse. I asked for Anna and they asked 'who's Anna?' and I said "Anna Kendrick". I told her and I said I had been recommended to come here by Mr Hupping and they let me in. I told the nurse what was happening and she pressed a little round muscle on the back of my knee and said "this fat little bugger!" I said I had been on a 'diet' but I was having trouble now due to my legs. She gave me a list of good foods to eat which were mostly gross. Also at some point I was carrying around some of my dreams and they got wet which I got upset about.