Some others and I had to get into a building. We got to the top and we had to run out down some stairs. It was night. Then it was like a game. There was a fortune teller in the shop and she said that someone, who was good, would end up with Seber who was the leader of the bad guys. She did say "Destinies can be changed". I was going down the aisle and there was a Stanley Kubrick section but there was only The Simpsons stuff. This guy came and grabbed me and I realised it was Seber, and he put his hand over my mouth and took me away. He had me locked up at the back of the shop. My boyfriend came and was allowed to stay with me. There was a blanket on the floor and we cuddled under it. Seber was just nearby. My boyfriend said we should go naked and he took his clothes off and I took my shirt off. I didn't know if he had taken his pants off but then I felt his bits touching me. He asked if I still had my pants on and I said yes, but then I took them off. I hadn't originally, because I didn't want to. I fell asleep and I woke up later and Mom was there and had taken my clothes away. I got up and found my clothes and went to the bathroom and got changed. I had my period and there was a blood stain on the mattress. Then I was at an outside concert thing. There were competition things. One girl was singing some rock song and audience that was there left and another five people left. There was a guy at another section singing Doctor for My Heart and there weren't many people there either. I was inside a shop and I was looking for the toilet. I worked there as well. It was then night but it was still open. I ended up in this quiet area and I thought to go check on my car because I didn't know if I had locked it. This black guy was nearby and he grabbed me and wanted my keys. I screamed for help in this girl saw me and attacked him and then we ran. The police came to deal with him. I went out to my car and put my wallet was in there and grabbed my phone. I text Mom saying that 'I got attacked'. I pressed the lock and held it down and then I left. I looked back and I saw two old ladies in the car. They were taking money out of my wallet and they were saying that it was her daughter's car. I pulled out my licence etc and she realised the mistake and gave me the money back. I got them out, took her key and then locked it and left. As I went to go back in I saw the black guy coming out and he saw me and then I recognised him. He smiled and came after me again. Daniel (Ugly Betty) saw and grabbed the black guy. The police came again. My boss was like 'how can this happen in the dark' and he'd just come from Washington DC and nothing like that happened there. Daniel was then talking to my boss on the phone and I told him to ssh.