Dad, Ezra, Roland and I were in a car going down a country like road. There were two lanes on each side of the road. A white van was coming down the right name on our side. There were dead animals on a playground on the side of the road, I saw dogs and sheep. We got to our destination which was like a holiday home. We decided that we couldn't be bothered going there and so we turned to go back. There had been more animals killed. Dad said that he heard on the news something about killer with a white Ute and then one flew past us. We decide to go back to the holiday home and saw more dead animals going all the way up to the house. We decided that the killer must still be around and so we turned back again. We then had a flying vehicle thing which was made up of four balloons and we all held onto them. The killer ran out of the gates at the front of the house and shot an arrow and hit a balloon. The others fell off. I blew into the balloon to keep it up high. They were running down the road and I was flying above them. The guy shot another balloon out. We ended up in a shop and we were trying to get to the exit when he shot down a third balloon. As he was shooting them down I was getting closer to the ground. I was almost at the door when he shot the last one down. We went outside and it was dark but it seemed that the unlit areas were like 'nothing'. We got into a car and drove over the unlit areas to get to the road which went through the shop area. Then we got out of the car and we had to hitch a ride. This guy stopped and he had his son in the back seat. He was going in the opposite direction so I asked him if he could take me to the bus stop. I got to one which was weird and wasn't TransMetro. I saw a station up ahead. One was going to Centerville and was leaving in five minutes. I asked the guy for a dollar and I said that I'd give it back over the net or another way. He gave me $10 in coins. I got his details and his name was Stanley Reeithis or something. There was two minutes before the train left and I ran down the steps to get to the platform but I had no idea where to buy a ticket. This lady was saying something about Ezra and Roland and I said "Oh, are you Roland's mother?" And she said yes and said that they had gotten tattoos. The next train wasn't for 41 minutes. Then I was back at the top of the station standing outside. There was lots of traffic. This guy on a bike crashed and his head was bleeding on the ground. I took a photo of it but then I realized my phone wasn't on silent. Police came. I called Mom to say that I would be a while.