I got an iPad demo which was like $500. It was really big and wide. There was a Maxis like game. Then it had different areas with different characters and things to do. There was a path which went into a forest. I had to go to "Broadway" and listen to a song by a guy. There were little houses and people would give you stuff. There was a little path with a car at the end and this guy would play music for you. He played Can't Take My Eyes off of You for me. I went to this computer section where I had to download this thing. This zombie girl was there, so I picked up some weapons. Then Ezra was there too. We both went off to show him stuff. Then it felt weird and I saw this dog running. I realised the zombies were coming and yelled 'run'. We ran and we held hands to slow me down. These gates were locked so we had to go the long way around. We ended up at this apartment. We saw people that we didn't know there. There was blood all over the steps. The zombies were rabid and the people and us hid and they eventually left. They said that everyone else was dead and that they had been attacked earlier. We found a survivor - a young black kid. They carried him out. We all walked out to leave when we found a heap of other survivors. It looks like it says they shouted for skin? They took us back to their area. I said that other zombies were slow. This girl said that there were different types. Later that day I was with someone around the back and they were acting weird. Then they bit someone and their voice became raspy and they came after me. I started walking backwards away from them and as they walked they became more rabid. Eventually they turned completely and started screeching and flapping their arms. I started running backwards calling out "Spearow!" which was a code to the girl. Eventually I got around and I think someone killed them. We were now preparing because more would come. We had nowhere to hide but we went inside anyway. We turned the perimeter lights off. The zombies pulled a submarine apart from and were now hanging around. When it all calmed down we went out and pretended to be one of them. There were these two metal bars parallel to each other like rails and we did push-ups over them. The girl from before and I were walking through them. They mostly had black eyes but it didn't matter. We had 'evil' grins at our faces because that helped. We had gone 'undercover' before. No one liked me. I was called Hildy [I watched His Girl Friday last night]. We went to this bench where some zombies were sitting. Me and the girl had a fake argument and we stormed off. This other normal girl was involved too. Then we were in a shop and someone called out "intruder!" and then pointed to us and said that we knew she was an intruder; they were pointing to the other girl. I gently pushed her along and said that 'yes, she's the only one'. She was shocked that we'd given her up. I pushed her into the aisle and they all ate her in like two seconds. We all licked our lips and the girl and I slowly left the shop. We went out to the carpark which was full of cars. We now had a guy with us. We all got into a car and went to leave but then this girl came that looked like Milla Jovovich. They let her in despite my objections. I was driving and there were people on the road. I was watching out the cops.