It was Easter. Someone came from the future and said we needed to drill into the Earth to stop it from exploding in the future. I think I came from the past to say it was a lie. There were 18 layers of Earth. Ezra and I were tying to explain them to Dad. The guy could be listening to we couldn't tell Dad that he was probably lying. The first few layers were like grass and 'poop'. Further down there were hidden pirate treasure chests. The one before the core was important and had DNA in it. I brought an example to Dad and it had like a stick and a ball where mitosis was happening. It just had two pairs of chromosomes in it. I said 'this is where we came from'. The guy who wanted to drill into the Earth drilled out a worm that grew really big. The worm would actually make the Earth explode and we'd be ok because the future was "far far away" -- when he said that, I thought he was going to start singing. Also this thing had happened to bring people back to life. I was at home, which was different, but sometimes it was a shop. It was raining outside. It was starting to flood. I was with Ezra. We were trying to close it up. I think I got hurt. I can't remember properly, but the people who came back to life after this kept any injuries they had, eg if they died with their leg half cut off it stayed like that. Most of the people who had come back didn't seem happy about it. I went to this hotel. I was in a room with some people from Firefly. We all paired up -- Mal went with Inara (and I was annoyed at first because I wanted to go with Mal), Zoe went with someone and then Jayne and I went together. I joked, "why am I always with Jayne?". Wash was looking frantically around for someone to pair up with, although he was left with Kaylee. There was also another pair, but I don't know who. We had costumes. Mine was dark blue and looked like the hospital uniform in the Firefly episode, Ariel. Zoe's was brown and looked like a mechanic's outfit. She said she had picked that choice (it was some role playing game?) because she liked the clothes and I said that I did too. Jayne started to ask a question about something then said "oh no, that's us". We went to this room, which was a kid's room. Granma had died at some point and had come back to life and was in a nearby room with some kids. We heard her yelling and the kids started crying. I ducked behind something and this woman came in and said that I had to leave. I was annoyed because I wanted to spend time with Jayne. I went back to the room with the costumes, which was another kid's room and took it off and put my clothes back on. As I walked out, I noticed that the hotel lobby was really fancy and gold. I went out to the carpark and to my car and Mom came. Dad and Ezra were already at the car. Mom said she got Easter eggs and I realized I had left mine in the room. I ran back and Mom said there wasn't much time (she had also died). I went back and got them. There was an episode of Fringe and I was with Walter (except, it was the actor). I said "I almost called you Walter". There was a photo from a prom and this girl had gone out with Simon (Firefly) and I was sort of jealous until I saw the photo and he had earrings and I thought 'eh, he's not that hot anyway'.