I had also signed up for the RSPCA. I hadn't gone to either of them yet. It was now time for RSPCA. It was from 10 AM to 1 AM but when I got there I realised that I'd forgotten the forms and it was now 10:30 AM. I went to go home but there was a hailstorm. People from school were there. A Ute got smashed. When I got home I remembered we got to choose your hours. I was watching Ugly Betty. Betty had a baby and Daniel was possibly the father. Some fancy school said they wouldn't take him and people accused Daniel of doing it. Mom and Ezra had mail. They were 'Valentines' from a volunteering place. I had done them. Ezra's said "To Tommy" and "from Lana Lang (Smallville)". I asked "who's mine from?" and it said Oliver Queen (Smallville). I giggled, thinking I must've done it because he was the hotest, but then it was Zod (Smallville). There were also a few from Clark. Then I had a bar? When people from it, they got a green symbol above their head. This new guy was with this guy in armour who had light skill (like in Smallville yesterday) -- I don't remember what I was talking about here. I went in and some people had red symbols. I said to my friends to not drink because it was bad and I gave them mine. I tripped some person over so they would spill their drink and I gave them my drinks "on the house". A guy friend of mine was worried about his red symbol. Then the guy with the light wanted to kill me. A bunch of us told him to leave. We discovered he was blind. Zod stayed behind. I went back quietly and whispered to him and then hid under a desk. The light guy came looking for me. Zod attracted him somewhere else. I was copying his movements on this metal framework thing; hold and jump etc. But then he made a bit disappear and Zod fell to the ground. He got out and later ran across the restaurant and hid under a table, while the light shot at us. People at the bar were angry at me for not letting them drink. They read out from an old diary of mine. It mentioned some crush from when I was younger called "Peter Bishop" (Fringe). I took it off them, upset, and they realized it was wrong and were nice again.