I woke up in a car. This girl got in the driver's seat (it was a US car) and she had weird eyeliner and she said something and hit me with a gun. Then the car was normal again (ie, not US). I said 'you don't have to keep the gun on me all the time. Even if I had a gun, I wouldn't shoot you'. The car was fancy and we drove out of a carpark. Every now and then there was a burnt out car. She said 'I see why you chose this one'. She mentioned not liking innocent people getting killed. I said once I had been with my Dad and airplanes were lined up and one had left the others (which had actually been one of her people taking control of it) and slid on some oil and crashed into the one next to it, then into a McDonald's and we could hear the screams. I'm not sure where she took me but I ended up with Jayne (Firefly). We had been together before. We were in a building with others; it was like an office shop. I thought I saw a shadow of someone coming and I pushed two people down. We all ran to hide. I ran to a nearby wall, but I couldn't hide behind it, so I went to go behind a better one, but this guy came in. There were others in an aisle and they lined up behind each one and made a noise and laughed, etc. This guy found them and saw my "golden curls" and caught me too. I got up and joined them. He took us back where we came from. Then Jack Bauer (24) had been part of our group but had stayed out of all this. He came and shot them all and saved us. Then Jayne and I went into a house and we killed some people and he said to stay prepared and that the 'main' killing part was easier than the part after, because you've already calmed down. He said he liked to able to walk into a room and know where all the exits are. We went into one bathroom and this Asian guy was in the shower and I said 'oh, is that all?' and then heaps of others came out behind him. I went back into the hallway and one ran out. Jayne put his arm around his throat and he fell. He fought the other one. I ended up going in and helping. We then ran out. Outside it looked like home. I saw Mom's car and got in the passenger seat, but Jayne ran past. He then noticed it and got in the drivers seat. Heaps of Asians came out shooting at us and the car. We had trouble starting it. We managed to leave and I saw the Ute out the front and I said 'I don't know why I chose Mom's car; I panicked'. He said it didn't matter. We drove away and stopped at a corner with a Christmas tree. It was actually Easter, but it was called Butterfinger here and there was some tradition. It was outside though and we slept there. At some point, Dad had posted on Ezra's Facebook that his friends had all maintained their weight over the holidays. We went out to lunch and we had chicken, but it was still in the shape of a chicken (not a real one, but it was weird looking). Ezra's job was actually right near something that did math? Something was explained about alcohol and Dad said "What? Those prices are horrible,".