Mom, Ezra, Emery, someone and I were in a car. We parked in front of this building that looked a bit like a sports centre. Mom went to a shop nearby. We were messing around and they accidentally shot a gun and put a hole in this roof bit hanging over the entrance. We went a while away and it ended up catching on fire. I took photos and then we all ran to hide. Ezra and I went together behind this wall near a fence. It was dark. We heard Mom speaking to one of his friends and we ran back to the car. We got in and then this lady ran up and said we couldn't leave and said a guy had died in the fire. One of the friends asked who and she said something like "Ernest Trumbull", the guy went quiet and then said "that's my father". His name was Ethan, I think. Then it was Dad with us, not Mom. They decided to go into the building and there were no firemen there yet and it was also raining. I went too and Dad said it was dangerous. We went in and couldn't see any fire. Dad and someone went into an elevator, but when I went over to it, it started going down, so I said I'd take the stairs. The floor above was visible and there was no entrance for an elevator. It was like a trick 'house'. There were two sets of stairs outside. Also, some time before, I found a notebook of mine half burnt and I realized it was because I was going to die. Anyway, this guy who was a friend of the family was nearby and I think he had tried to rape me once? We went up the stairs and this guy at the far end went into another room which was dark. He saw me and aimed a gun at me and I threw stuff at him. His assistant came and looked like Jason Flemyng. He shot at me and I threw stuff at him and then dropped down, out of the window. But then he pulled me up and threw the gun away and kissed me. I had also found a pocket knife thing and I swung the blade out and stabbed him with it. Then I was with Dad and I had killed the guy, though Dad said no-one was there. Then later, I had gotten some footage of ghosts and stuff. A forum said "Evan Peters and I had an affair. I miss you man" -- he had been one of the people there. Then it was like 2 years later. I was a guy and was trying to tell people about the events. A car drove past and stopped. Ari (Entourage) got out and said he had been trying to find us for a while.