Mom, Ezra and I went for a drive at night. As we were coming back, there was stuff on the road which looked like huge balls of ice. I said "that can't be hail!". We were near home and there was a carpark with not that much ice there. Home was fine. Then there was more. I had university and had to leave soon. Mom and Ezra were at a tax place and I said "Ok, I'm leaving now". I got into my car and locked the door. This guy was hanging around the passenger door and he had red eyes. I tapped on the window to scare him and he made a Murloc sound. I reversed out too fast and accidentally hit a car as I drove out. I stopped as this woman, who I think was Spanish, got out and yelled at me. I was like "I didn't do it on purpose!". Then the guy jumped on her and started eating her and I realized he was a zombie and I got back in my car and drove off. There were more around. I was with a girl at one point and she was talking and I saw a red dot appear in one of her eyes (which were brown). I said 'you're turning' and she was like 'ok' and I stabbed her in the head. Then I killed someone in this big empty room which had windows all around it. Jacob (Lost) was not happy and I could hear him speaking, but I couldn't see him. I had a pair of scissors and was holding the pointy bit towards myself, and I turned it around. Jacob kept bringing the guy back to life. He kept calling Jacob 'Mark Pellegrino'. Jacob appeared and his face was close to mine and I thought 'actually, he's kind of hot'. When I sliced the guy's neck, he 'evaporated'. Then I was with some people at a shop. Adam Baldwin was there. We were staying there. We had this wood pole like a broom which we used to kill the zombies. I also had a toothpick. There was a walkway thing with layers which we used to catch zombies (there were two near there). I was at the top and there were fish ponds and stuff where we stayed. I heard a door open and a bell noise. It was just people, but they attracted the zombies. They also had a thing to test for zombies and we asked for some. We had a scientist with us who had done some type of physics. I was looking for a weapon and couldn't find anything. I said to Adam "I like 'em sharp and pointy". I found a rotting wood handle, but it was useless. The zombies came and three women with leather jackets and machine guns. We waited until they were close enough and got one each. My weapon didn't go all the way through, and Adam finished her off and we took the guns. I asked "Anyone know how to use these?" and someone said "No, we'll just work it out". All these people drove out and I said 'we need a car'. Also, there was a photo of Zachary Levi when he was young and he looked weird.