I was watching something. Will Arnett and Adam Sandler were in it. Will put a banana and other stuff on his windscreen so Adam did it back and they laughed. There was a joke about him and someone in a coffee shop. Taub (House) was there and asked "you have a coffee shop in Portugal?". I was in a queue at 'school' to get tickets to this prom thing. Calvin was in front of me and I had promised to tell him who I liked and I said "It's Eugene!" and he was like 'oh my god!'. Eugene was further along in the line. There was a video of funny stuff. There was this thing, where we had spent ages putting soap all over a windscreen. Soap sprayed from the roof. Then water came and rinsed it off. I was thinking 'Now Mom will have to straighten my hair again. Sucks to be her'. Before that they had been saying certain people liked each other. They said this girl called Natalie wanted to kiss Dmitri, who was in front of Calvin in the line. He ducked behind the guy in front of him. Someone asked if he was 'not having any trouble in that department' and the guy in front said he liked some girl who [something I didn't catch] and went to Westland University, and it turned out to be me. They had said it insultingly and I gave him a 2 finger salute to his back. Eugene told his friends who he liked and I think it was me. I went in to the shop finally and got some pyjamas etc. I said "I might not be allowed in because I'm wearing shorts". Ramona was there and she put this Hawaiian costume on. I got a big Hawaiian shirt that went past my shorts. Then I was in a room and I saw some people on a computer taking photos off it and I grabbed the USB and thought to come back later. There was a line to get school work/marks. People all came out crying. I went in and Elijah and someone were all crying and told me why, but I can't read what I wrote. I hurt my nose and it made me cry too. The average mark was 88% for this year. I went to find a room. There was one computer. Outside there were lots of buildings. I went into a few but they had nothing. One small one had this gruff dude and a dog and it was a car servicing place. He shooed me away. I ran off and changed the setting and everything was underwater.