I was undercover. I was a cop, and I was pretending to be an undercover prostitute to try and get a job with some bad guys. One of them was actually good and he was Tobias (Arrested Development). I told him to act like he thought I was a cop. Then I was in a hotel room and I was sharing with a girl. She put on some nail polish and I said it was gross. It was a dark, but bright, pink. I was telling her about my job as a prostitute. Then it showed the bad guys talking and Tobias was telling them I was a cop. They discovered I was a prostitute and they offered me a job in their operation. Then I was watching Arrested Development and Lindsay looked like she was covering up because she was naked but Tobias had called for help because they were both naked. She moved and covered herself on the floor? She said "one fell" and Tobias said "I told you to tell me if I fell". Her boob was hanging out and was blurred. I walked to a big building which was huge and empty and like a school gym. People were there and we were told to gather. As I was walking in, someone said "Did anyone have sex with Duran Duran before they split up?". We all sat down and there was a video of all of us saying funny quotes. A girl was in a toilet and her friend said 'We're going to be late and Chris Potter is cute' and she was shocked at this? Some guys, one of them was Samm Levine, went into a toilet. There were some chemicals -- some worm things? They were on me and made me itch, so I was flicking them off and it was annoying. My quote clip was from outtakes of Castle. Kate was at a pub or something with a black woman. She said her line muddled and Kate teased like "Who I be phone?" and laughed, no-one in the room made a sound. I was thinking that I didn't even say that often. There was a new movie and it started with this teenage guy in a car. It was wet and the car was covered in bits of ear and blood. The guy had blood on him too. He woke up and was trying to remember what happened. There was a flashback -- it was 'underwater' and this girl asked "what's your name", and I said "Izzy". She said "there's a shark to your 'shaft'". We turned and I swam and the shark ate her and kept going. Then there were octopuses that had been after him. They were saying that because of the flashbacks, it was more likely to believe the situation because we knew he had survived.