Trying to get to work. It's still dark and I want some breakfast - I'm not all dressed yet, not sure what I've got on top but I've got something casual underneath. I live a few blocks away but I've come to this roadhouse-diner for breakfast but can't go in yet - I run into this girlfriend, she's supposed to be going with me but she says she has a job at last - working in this fancy dress shop she used to work in. She hadn't wanted to do that, but she needs the money bad. She wanted to improve her career. I'm wondering how she'll fare in that place, it's quite classy and she's rather informal - earthy, even. She's not absolutely thrilled with the job herself but she is excited and relieved. I guess it's understandable. Anyway, I'm spending too much time here talking - I need to get on. It's getting late for breakfast and I'll just get something to go, but first I'll look at this house trailer over here in the parking lot - I'm going to be living in it soon, and I've got the keys with me. It has 2 locks in the door (which opens out the back end) and usually the locks will catch when you shut the door hard but I'm having trouble with it. I've seen inside, it's nice enough, a small but comfortable living room. Now the locks won't catch. I twiddle keys and bang the door over and over - nothing. Damn. There's a cat around, he comes over and wants to stand around and try to get inside - I have to keep dragging him or his tail out of the door so I can bang it. Nothing is happening with the locks, I think they're broken. Somebody from the diner comes by to sympathize. Now I know I'm going to be late for work and I can't even go home to change clothes without being later. I take off my robe or whatever it is and I've got on a plaid long-sleeved shirt and khaki pants. That ought to be good enough for work but I don't think it is. If only I had a jacket! And now I sure don't get any breakfast. I'm really frustrated and disappointed now. Getting angry. If a bus came by just now I'd be obliged to take it but I'm not confident about going to work dressed like this and I think I'll go home and change even if it is 8.15. I start for home - I have to go down the street to the left for a bit, then turn left. [Didn't I come in a car? - seems like it.] I'm walking first, then I walk faster, then break into a little jog - I'm not getting the hang of it at first, then it settles down and I run. I'm in a residential neighborhood with lots of trees, tall ones with overhanging leaves making a bit of roof. After a bit I come to a bunch of girls just getting off a bus. They start into the street to walk home, and get in my way. At first I slow down meaning to let them pass, but they don't. They stay in my way and they're walking slowly. I jog in place a bit, then speed up and try to find a hole to get through, but when I try to dart past somebody moves and I run into her. This happens once or twice more and I get impolite and start shoving. They take exception, of course. And I feel a little guilty and nasty but I run on ahead anyway, hoping to leave them out of sight. I don't quite make it and want to get away, so I turn left down a side street. It's got some tall red brick apartments on it - it's starting to get light, too. Somehow I get into a place - an apartment, I guess, though not mine, and I don't remember climbing any stairs, but there are two women here - dressed like suburban housewives, they don't mind me being here - maybe people take shortcuts here a lot. There's a window with a fire escape to my right, I'll go out that and double back so those girls in the street won't see me. There's a little old woman, bent over, dressed sorta like a gypsy, with long stringy black-and-grey hair in the way, though, and she even goes out to the fire-escape landing. Again I have to get round her to get down. Geez. But I do get there and start to go down but there aren't real steps, it's more like a very high jungle-gym and I have to climb down through the center. It's tricky, reaching from platform to platform. Scary. As I go down, suddenly I see there are other people around, on the jungle-gym and out of it. They're dressed in long things, and I finally see they're SOCIETY FOR CREATIVE ANACHRONISM people. They must be here for a demonstration or small tournament or something. A girl on the jungle-gym speaks to me and they all seem to think I'm one of them and expect me to join them. I'm taken aback, this is rather Twilight-Zone-y. This is a bizarre situation.