There were some lost kittens. One came back, but people were trashing the owner's house looking for something. I was a spy, but in a similar position to Chuck (Chuck). I was with Chuck, Sarah and Casey in a shop. There were milk bottles in the freezer. They were all 5-6 years old. There were also water bottles. We load them onto this 'plate' on wheels, which was slow. This foreign guy who worked there yelled at us. I went to push the thing to the back of the store and I passed an aisle where the bad guy was. I went back and told Sarah. The bad guy came and they fought, but then they realized he was actually 'good' and the milk cartons had people in them? We all climbed up into the aircon vents. Sarah was like 'I didn't know they were still here'. The next season of Chuck was going to have him based at one place in another country. Then Casey and I were in a room (still at the shop) and we'd been attacked by the bad guys. I saw that Sarah was there too and we were all lying on the floor. I had been drugged and could barely move. My head was under a table, squished against the floor, but then I could move and was just faking. Casey was going along with them. Then he pushed a piece of paper towards my mouth. I slowly reached for it. Then he secretly handed me another one saying 'I'd like to help'. I gave him a thumbs up and he handed me another. The last one had detailed instructions. It said that when he came over again, run out and go to 'Stage 2'. Then when he arrived there, go to Stage 3, etc. He got some of the other people to leave and came over and I mouthed 'now?' and he motioned for me to go and I ran. He told the others to not worry about me. I snuck around the shop and couldn't find stairs, so I went through a door. It led to the toilets and there was an emergency window up high. I went out and ran past the room I was just in. Casey was still in there and saw me through the window. He mouthed 'what?' and looked sort of angry. I asked where stage 2 was and he pointed to a building outside. I went through the door behind me and ran over. The inside was like a cinema, with seats and rows of people. A lady was checking IDs which were actually some thing from fish and chip shops with red lights. One was on the floor, so I took it. Someone saw me though and mentioned it to the lady, so I quickly walked out instead of going upstairs and waiting. She followed, so I ran out to the bushes far away and they were purple. She went back in and I ran back, but into the third building. The lady saw me and yelled out to me. I ran down. She accused me of lying and I asked her what her brother did -- assuming he did something that made her choose this line of work. She scanned the ID thing and it went red, meaning rejection. I did it again and it was positive. She didn't know what to do. Casey came and he had a thick silver metal ring on the middle finger of his left hand and one on the ring finger of his right hand. He came over and we walked out. There was a busy road nearby which had three lanes going each way and a roundabout. A bunch of young kids (around 12 years old) were there. One was running across the road. The cars almost crashed and one almost came straight at me. I flinched, but it stopped in time. We tried to cross again and walked to a car. I saw Eugene's car and Eugene's father Abraham was in it and was driving over to the other side. I was thinking it was weird that he was there. I got into our car and got ready to drive off with Casey. An ostrich with 4 legs right at the back of it and it was on wheels and could bend weirdly.