I was working at this place and Ben (I'm Alan Partridge) was there. We were using a notebook to write down all the people that were here using the Dream Research coding. He put me down as 'e-' and the - meant he didn't like me. Someone also mentioned Darth Vader so we put him down. I asked if I could click through and he reluctantly gave it to me so I said I wanted to break it and said "oops" although I was joking. It started off neat and then got messy. I was at a desk with him helping. I went to the toilet but there was only one toilet. I went back and Ben and I were talking and laughing. There was a tutorial and the tutor was Alan Partridge (I'm Alan Partridge). He didn't finish all the questions. I was playing Hotel City on Facebook and all the photos were blurred. I had Jewel Staite on there, but her name was Jasmine, and I also had Morena Baccarin. There was a really small photo of me as a kid and I showed Ezra. There was another photo where one person wasn't looking at the camera, another person chucking a sad, then another person looking away etc. Then I had a house. Out the back a bit, there was another house. It was windy and it started snowing and raining. Ezra lived there too. Mom was over. I went to close the windows in Ezra's room. I went into another room and Michael Cera was sitting on the floor reading and I screamed in shock. Mom said 'that was weird'. I said "what are you doing here?" and he said "what are you doing here?" and I said "I live here" and started cracking a smile. I asked why he wasn't at school etc and he said that he hated it. He was then 18 and actually my son, or adopted or something. I said "You're 18, if you don't like it-," and he said that they (job people) don't really like those wanting to act. I said that 'all you have to do is say you were in Arrested Development'. Someone else was there. He joked around for a bit and was wrestling on the bed, someone said "and not stroking my back". Then, Eugene was coming over to join us at this other house (a house better suited for the weather). Michael Cera said that I had a "highschool crush on Eugene" to Mom. Then Eugene arrived. He got out of car and I tried to avoid him. He was speaking to some weird people. Tobias (Arrested Development) was out the front too. Also, the character of George-Michael in Arrested Development was also in another show, in a similar role and was also called Michael. Then it was a movie and an old lady was like "he insisted that we sleep in separate beds".