I was at Mom's, which was different and further away. Dad picked me and Ezra up to go back to his place. He still lived at the old house. Ezra and I ended up walking down Princess Road at night. There were some people far behind us and we started running/walking fast. Then Roland was with us too. We stopped at Midvale shops and there were two new stores. One had huge muffins and pies. We were then with Dad again and he had bought scratchies and a small amount of food. We were walking down the road and the people came up behind us. A girl stepped out and we stopped. It was Tonya. She was really skimpy looking and started talking about some sex site and then said 'thank you' and walked around to another street. I said I used to be friends with her. We caught up to her and Dad gave her something he'd gotten at the shop. She thanked him and kissed him. We continued walking and accidentally walked through the gates to some fancy estate. We decided to walk through. A lady asked us what our names were. Dad said "er.. Conell," and she said "Oh, can you go over there?" We went over, but it was creepy and they started singing, so we left with keys. There was a steep hill and we had to pull ourselves up. I took my phone out to take a photo. There was a campfire with a wolf. Roland, Ezra and some kid were screaming and had a fight with sticks. I picked up a stick to use as a walking stick and the kid said 'no, that's mine', so I picked up another one and he claimed that one too. He suggested I take this huge one with branches and I asked how I was supposed to walk with that. He started arguing, so I hit him with my stick. I grabbed him and pushed him to the ground. I had this star-shaped cutting thing and I cut the log and tried to get him. I got up and said that I was going and that "You can't claim the environment, so gtfo!" I kept walking and looked back and he said "her butt's so fat, I can still see it" and I yelled back "your face is so ugly, I'm still bleeding". He didn't hear. There was a lake and I had to jump over. There was a 'fat' kid nearby. He said something and I joked back. He was saying that Silas was what girl's wanted and I said no. He said he was a bad jumper and I said that I was too. Somehow I made it over, but he landed in the water and said he was scared of the ducks. I said I was going to go watch movies and he asked to come too and I said no.