I sent in a job application to this 'bank' which was actually an insurance company or something. I'd gotten the right 'score', but was rejected. I was driving and the light to turn was red, but I didn't stop in time and went out and then turned around and went back the other way. I was watching Fringe and it was focused on some guy and Olivia was in a sewer, hallucinating. I was at Nana's. I was going to stay the night and I had a lab on at university (it was 'today'). I hadn't asked if I could stay yet though. Mom was in the room with others and Rover. Rover had ripped apart my old Minnie Mouse cushion and there was fluff everywhere. I asked how it happened and she said she'd gotten it out for Amelia and I got angry and yelled that the stuff is mine and I don't want Fug using it and told her to gtfo. I started to cry and Mom was just like 'whatever' and said 'I'm going to bed now'. I heard Nana asking what happened. Mom asked if anyone else was staying and there was. Nana was worried that my alarm would wake him up. Tinkerbell and Tigger were in there and I gave them a pat. I unpacked my stuff and then changed my mind. I called out to Mom to tell her I wanted to leave. There was a poker game on the TV with Will Arnett, David Cross, Matthew Fox, Morena Baccarin and I thought a guy was Chris Potter, but then I said "oh no, that's [someone else]". Mom was ready to leave though and then I was annoyed I'd miss the game. Outside there was a shop carpark. I realized I'd forgotten my bag and I saw George (Arrested Development) and said that I'd left my bag inside. He was with a girl. I went in and then was like 'hang on' and saw a guy with a black afro wig on and it was actually Oscar Bluth. George hid. He was actually my granddad? Nana was in the kitchen gossiping with a girl. There was some chicken in the sink to soak in some juice? I left again and there was a Pizza Hut outside. Asians liked to sit at the tables. I said I didn't want pizza and that I wanted Chicken Treat (which was nearby). I also had no pants on.