Mom, tranny Acquaintance-F-07 and I were walking through a school to get to another building. Police were at the school looking in empty fishtanks. We got to our building and I was looking at the answers to my chemistry exam that I got wrong. Acquaintance-F-07 had some drugs in a fishtank, so she took them out and was going to leave. As I was leaving, I saw cops coming. We all walked away, but this guy asked us something and thought Mom and Acquaintance-F-07 were acting dodgy, so asked us to get strapped in this chair and it would spin around fast. He got in and did it and then we followed. Ezra was there too. Mom went on after Acquaintance-F-07. Someone else went and then it was my turn. I had to be blindfolded and I asked the guy if I would get extra points and he said no. I got off feeling dizzy and sick, but it was fun. I waited outside and tried to get a photo of the guy. Then I had to go on this bus, which was driven by the guy. I took a photo of the guy through the window. Eugene was sitting by himself nearby. I went to the other side where my bag was. When I got off, I ended up in a building with this Asian girl. We walked fast and I tidied my bag as we walked. Then we started running while singing along to a song. There were markers to pick up along the way. There were achievements written on a board and I got one for 'highest pitch'. We had to run up stairs and there were trick pathways etc. At the last part, we went up a set of stairs and I won. She got every other achievement though. One was to collect hats and I went down later to check out all the hats. I grabbed them and it counted towards my score automatically. There was a faded Jayne hat. There was a clown with purple hair who was cracking up. Jeremiah said he was rooting for the Asian girl and I thought 'figures'. I was at a shop at some point and How I Met Your Mother was playing on a TV. There was swearing (like 'fuck') and it wasn't bleeped and I thought it was weird. Marshall said 'shit'. Someone was wearing a shirt with a Barney quote and I was thinking I wanted one that said 'suit up!'.