I was in New York with Dad at a place with chickens in cages. He asked me what one's height was. I accidentally sent him three photos of myself and I explained they were from when I was writing my dreams on the side of the road? There was a hill. Someone turned off all the power in New York. Then all these people turned 'bad' -- mostly Asians. It was night. I was hiding out in a building with lots of others. The Asians were shooting at us through the roof (which had a window that was open) and some of them were in the building too. I was hiding behind a cabinet with a few other girls. Eventually I realized it was just me and another girl left. We got up and went around the corner and saw lots of bad Asians. We went back and they came around the other way. I hid behind a wall, then the other girl turned on me. Something happened to some of them and they turned zombie like. I went into another room which I thought had stairs, but it didn't. I went back out and the girls from before were there with one gun. One of them turned and I took the gun and shot her. Oscar (The Office) was there wearing a red, silky suit thing. I thought he was a good guy, so ignored him and aimed the gun at someone else, but then he pulled out a gun and I said 'no, Oscar!'. I ran into another room which was a big bathroom with a toilet. Then there was another room with a bath in the middle of it. A crazy girl was in there. She asked if I wanted to 'watch' -- she had a bomb she had made. She went out and I peeked out and then I went into the bath to protect myself, but I got up to check and there was water two foot high in there and everyone was drowning themselves instead of getting blown up. I opened the door and swam underneath to get out. I floated up though and a girl said I was going to die anyway. I ran out the door and got outside. It was day now. I ran past lots of buildings and gassed areas (they were all together, like part of a university or something). I saw a guy on a motorbike and I said the building was going to blow up, you might want to get off the bike. We ran together. We got a carpark and could see smoke coming out of the building. I asked "should we get in a car?" and he said "I want to go in the post office". We ran around and he ducked under the building. I couldn't work out how to get under, so I just put my face there and took a breath. He had a black arch thing as an earring, but was otherwise ok looking. We talked for a bit and were kind of flirting. I said I read that a guy on the news did this. Then some guys in a car came and asked if we wanted to go with them. Someone mentioned Pam (The Office) and I said that I liked Pam. They were talking about which character from the show they were and I said that I got Stanley in a quiz I did. They said a friend of theirs got Andy. I went to a pavilion place and met some celebrity there. There were quite a few people there.