This girl was watching a movie. The movie was made by Terry Gilliam and Michael Palin was in it. It was also similar to Time Bandits, even though I haven't seen it yet. She blew bubbles and in one of the bubbles was this explorer gnome guy and his pets. They came out of the bubble. She became friends with them and kept them on a top shelf. Then it was years later. Now had actually been this guy who was a friend of mine and who I liked. We were down in his 'basement' cleaning. The small people were helping us because they had extra strength or something. We were all moving furniture like shelves and tables etc. We finished with the heavy stuff and put the little people on the top shelf. I left to go up to this building and I had to walk up this walkway up high. I looked through the window of the basement at him and he looked too. I went into the building which was like a shop. I saw this lady in there watching me. The shop was closed by the way. I got in the elevator and hit '5'. She started walking up the stairs so I hit stop and then '1' and started going back down. I ran to the front door and she chased me. She caught me and carried me to the window and pushed me against it so everyone could see. Then she took me over to the edge of the walkway, but I pushed my feet against the railing to stop from getting too close. She claimed she was his ex-girlfriend and they had had sex etc and I was like 'I don't care!'. She was lying though. I don't know happened then but Mom, Fug and I went to a supermarket. Fug was in a pram and I was in another pram with a blanket. I had been cold and my legs were sore and that was why I was in a pram. We went down an aisle a teenage guy followed us calling Fug an ugly baby (to Mom). I got sick of the pram and got out. The guy left and I asked Mom what happened and she said he had asked what kind of baby I was and tried to make it sound like he had called me ugly. We got potato chips. There were lots of open bags. We went to the checkout and all the things we had gotten were the same colour and Mom said "it's so yellow" and I said "and red". I told Mom to tell the guy about the open bags and he said that he was having a party and we could come. We realized it was a bribe so we wouldn't say anything about this razor we had also found before. I was watching Penn &amp; Teller sometime later. It was an episode about not speaking. Teller was miming to someone talking and was swearing at Penn.