I am looking for a bus stop to go to the community college. I have forgotten my purse and wish I had it so I could buy some ice cream. I am with a nice young man. We are walking and I suggest going to 11th Street or 18th Street for a bus, but we keep passing them. I suggest 30th Avenue and he agrees. We go down a curvy road. He says, "Just a minute," and ties a rope around my knees, binding my legs together. He undoes the belt and a few buttons of my jacket, exposing my middle, then he steps up behind me and picks me up to carry me. I thank him and ask if this is too much for his back. He agrees this is better for his back, carrying me this way. We take a wrong turn and I point it out to him. We are going up the country road to the TV or radio station tower on the hill. We stop and see some houses. We see a plump, mean-looking man seated on his porch. He is eating leaves and a live frog. He comments that he's eaten a lot of leaves! He's so poor. I am disgusted and look away. My friend asks for the way to the bus stop. He says "Oh, that way, about 11 mile walk." I say, "Oh no! I guess we won't make the 12:50 bus." We start to walk. Now we pause. We are sort of in a house. At least the road is blocked by a wall with doors and windows. There is a picnic lunch there. I see sweet gray kittens eating fried chicken. They are growling and I hear an awful grinding noise as they up and eat the chicken. Then I see a horrible thing. It is holding a miniature woman upside down by the ankles and is milking her body of all its life force and fluids. Her face is swollen, red and pained. I turn away. It is too horrible to see. The old man has followed us and he says to me, "You shouldn't talk to strangers." I thought he meant my friend and I laugh. I look up to see my friend preparing to lunch on another upside down miniature woman. I am sickened and now scared. I see the old man lock the door. He and another old man pretend to have a gun fight with exaggerated back-to-back and drawing-out-of-the gun movements. I know now that I am trapped here with all these men and they are going to have their way with me and then eat me. I am sick with fear.