I was at an ice-cream shop. Mom and I went there to get this drink like an ice chocolate, then we got another. Then we went back for another one, but I changed my mind. Later I was at this place involved with animals (maybe a pet shop). There was a snake in a container and I asked someone what to do with it and this lady said I couldn't do anything with it because I didn't have a snake license. Later I was at university in a lecture theater. There was a big storm outside so heaps of us were sleeping there. This lady said the whole world was going to flood. Two of the teachers slept in another room. I saw water starting to come in through gaps in the wall. I went to the other room and the carpet was slightly wet and I told her what was happening. She came to look and it stopped raining. We ended up leaving at some point. There were crazy people with long hair we had to watch out for (I think everyone with long hair was crazy). We were trying to work out where to go, etc. I can't remember the journey, but this girl ended up with a backpack and was leading us, which I was annoyed about. We ended up in this shop and we went into the elevator. These two crazy, long-haired Asian girls came and started singing some pop song and we kept hitting the close button. Eventually someone came and distracted them and we went up. They came up the stairs and we went down a level. Some others were already down in this place. I followed, crawling along on my stomach. These people went up the stairs to a little section (not another floor, but like a balcony), but they saw us. The girl who had been leading us was called Izzy too. This girl with the other people asked for "Izzy the Leader" and asked who I was, "Greek?" and I said "no" and she said "Izzy the Not-Greek". She got a box for the other Izzy and I guessed "dead rabbit" and it was actually a rabbit toy, but it was screwed up. The brought a box of mine and I said "oh no, not Grey", but Grey was still intact. Calvin was there. We joked around and he asked if I knew "two lesbians".