I was outside in the street with people from university and some others, including Ezra and Dad. I was driving a high car but had pulled over to the side of the road. I had to cross 4 lanes of traffic and then I missed my turn. I went to turn around and a big truck (with multiple carriages) drove through. I waited for it to pass, but then I was on foot. I looked away for a second and I heard everyone gasp and when I looked around a black car was upside down and completely smashed in the middle of the road. I asked what happened and it had clipped a car. A guy had flown out of the windscreen. Someone said it wasn't that bad and Dad was like 'He was decapitated and lost his hands and feet. How much worse can you get?'. A few of us were a step below and couldn't see as well. I took a peek and no-one was there. It was dark and completely silent. I saw a cop asleep on the side of the road. I used my phone to see and he woke up confused. We asked why they left us and why no-one else was around. We were trying to figure out what had happened when we saw this little blue buzzing thing (it was like round in the middle with two 'wings') hovering just above the ground. We were then in a bathroom and there were two of them. Wherever we were was similar to Dad's house, but different though it might've been his place. Then there was a spark of light and Dad touched it. It sparked again but it was 'nice' and pretty. Then I walked out and saw some monster outside. I ducked and waved at the others saying "Oh my god, it's Cloverfield!  It's Cloverfield!". I went into Ezra's room and said 'it's Cloverfield! Don't go past the windows, it can see you'. This other guy was asleep in the lounge room (I think it was the cop). I went into my room and heard someone in the bathroom. I went and told him to be careful. He freaked out and was goin on about Godzilla and I sent him to Ezra, but saw the monster standing at the door and I said to Ezra 'don't talk, it's at the door'. Then I was with different people and at the door was a girl who was part of a cover up. She left us alone in exchange for a 'peg' sometime. She left and I said we had to leave. She found us later though and Eugene and Darius had joined us. At some point I bought a DVD of The Room and started watching it, but it was different. I was laughing at the sex scene with Lisa and Johnny. The flower shop scene was different and there was randomly added dialogue. There was a closeup of the flower shop lady (who was different). I messaged Dad on Facebook saying it was different and "now it is teh suckz". There was another new scene with two girls, possibly prostitutes. One went into a shop and the other was annoyed.