I was at school and had befriended this dude who was kind of goth [like Adam Ant style]. He had dark black hair, very white skin and rings etc. Samantha made a joke that I liked him and he had brought weapons to fight zombies with she went with him and when I looked up at him he took it to mean that I liked him and I was jealous. I said 'I was just wondering why I didn't get a weapon. I'm out of bullets'. I was in a classroom and a teenage girl was there and I went to the back and put my head on my desk. The guy was talking to Samantha and asked me if I wanted something and I said 'no, Samantha makes stuff up'. The teacher came and it was a drama class. She told everyone to take their shirt off and trade with the first person they saw. I crawled out through the door and she said something like 'Izzy has snuck out' and I tried not to laugh. Then the people had to change back into their shirts. There was this series of shorts called Window which was about zombies. They were in a few lists. The first one was good and was a bit weird. The second one had two guys in a car on a TV in the background but they were out of sync. At the end there was a 40 second scene which was creepy. Then it was real and we had a room. Then I was in a hall and there was a room full of zombies. A female zombie came into the hall and almost broke down a door trying to get in. We got her back in, but someone opened it up. I had one bullet left. I started whacking them with the gun. I walked to the side of the room and went through the window. Then people were doing an ad for TV with a black woman and a white guy. A guy was filming and kept pointing the camera at her boobs. When they played it back, they laughed about it. Then I was driving and was driving under 50km/h, but a guy was right behind me, so I sped up. Then I was walking but I had no pants on and was wearing bright pink undies. I thought it was a dream so I wished for pants and I looked down and I was wearing shorts. Everything became clear. I was walking around and it was quiet and no-one was around. It reminded me of a One Tree Hill episode [that I watched last night]. There was a path and I called out for Eugene. Because it sounded and felt so clear, I was worried about saying it out loud in real life. There was a big oval and a wind sound, but there was no wind. I heard someone start talking and it was Eugene. [I then woke up in real life because of people talking].