I was in a building. Dad had a letter for me and I was being accused of being a traitor. Bill and Sookie from True Blood were there. I was confused about what was going on thinking that I'd done nothing wrong. Bill told me to calm down and she explained that it had something to do with her and letting him into the country by water and something to do with mixing with a werewolf. He said "oh we did that". They had to pay a fine later and left the city. There was a big monster that was like a chicken with big wings. It was very big not quite as big as Cloverfield. The front of the building collapsed a little. I was hiding in the wreckage and Eugene was there too and we were dating. There was some kind of bubble that was limiting the air. Dad came and had a lid and we told him to hide. People came and caught him and some others but not us. They drove off in a little buggy. The chicken had made a deal with them to collect people and stuff for it. As they drove off we opened the lid and it made the sound of releasing air pressure. Eugene was confused and I kissed him (just a peck) and touched his face and he smiled. They came back and we couldn't get the lid back on so we just pulled it down. A guy came past and caught us. He had a blade that was short and that he could throw. More came out of the building with guns with other people (there were four of them). They argued and Eugene ran and I followed. We hid in a bush but they found us straight away. We begged them not to kill us and said we would do something in exchange. They had to collect a quota of these broken things that were in the ground. I agreed to do so and the others reluctantly followed. There was a lady at a pub and a guy stole her handbag down her phone rang and she came over and he was like "Lynyrd Skynyrd" reading off the phone and she said "yeah". He started hitting on her and asked her what year they started performing. She said "1979" and he said "1976" and she said "they recorded in 1979 and released it in 1979". Then they were at her house talking about her music collection. She had something called Ensemble from 2008. She said they thought they sounded weird. They put on one of her CDs. The first song was Rooty Toot Toot, which was catchy and the others were ok.