I was questing on World of Warcraft. It was in space and people were floating around. Then I was with Dexter (Dexter). We were at this party thing and Eliza Dushku was with us. She used to be a dancer at this place with Britney Spears. Eliza and this other couple that we knew would scope the place out for people to scam. Britney Spears had been one of these people and had recognised her but she pretended to not know who she was. She had bruises on her. Dexter and I went around the corner and we pretended to argue and he beat me up to explain the bruises and nervousness and we got into an elevator and we kissed. Then it had been a girl that we were going to scam (Britney, though she was a black girl). We would go up to a random floor, find a room and use that. We got off at the second floor and left the elevator and waited for a family to come out of this room. We were going to use the room across the hall (we had been kept out of there for a while). I went in and Dexter started cleaning up. I locked the door but then he said "please leave the door unlocked" and I unlocked it and then this girl came in. She looked excited and happy that he had beaten me and that we had a house, as it meant that her suspicion hadn't been correct. She ran away excited to tell someone. We left the room and went down the hall which was the only way to get to this big area. There was a little bridge that we had to lie down on to get across. He said that next time we should have more of an adventure. He got on top of me and kissed me. I'd told him to be quiet in case someone heard us. I put my hands on his back nervously and he pulled closer to me and I relaxed and we made out. He rubbed against me a bit. It was very vivid and I really enjoyed it. Then I had this creature which would printscreen for me. It was like a little floaty jellyfish that would float on top of my finger. Then it was like a guinea pig. I couldn't remember what I had called it so I called it Alan. I was telling Mom about how awesome it was. I had gotten it when we got Rover so Rover had taken precedence. I wondered how I'd forgotten about it. She said it was because in summer they needed extra cooking and care