Nathan Fillion's Twitter said we was going to be downtown and working at some competition. I told Mom and ended up going by myself. There was a little forest section and a cave. You could pick your name and your skin tone. There were only a few people there and he was in the cave. You could get and lose points. There were some people in charge and I got their name wrong at first but I recovered from it. We hung out most of the day. Then it was night. There were rooms for each skin colour. There was a big square bed where two people would lie from the top to the bottom and two people would lie left to right next to them. Calvin and Genevieve were in my skin colour group and were working together. I wanted to change to Nathan Fillion's group but I couldn't find the people. There were spare rooms and Calvin called out for one and Genevieve was annoyed. Calvin called me over to the computer lab. They sat me down at one and I had a password and the name of a site from Nana. I entered it in and it was a news article about homes and it mentioned Barlow way had been caved in. All of my storage stuff had been there and I started shaking and crying. I eventually left and one of the rooms I passed was Mom's. I thought I saw Nathan Fillion in there and then I heard sex sounds and I was sad because I wanted to have sex with him. I went to his room to look for him but I couldn't tell if he was there. I kept walking past and then turned down a corner and saw Eric (True Blood) lying on the floor. I jumped and he wanted to know why I kept looking in there (it was his room too). I said that I was just checking it for the 'middle guy' and Eric added "with the big puppy dog eyes?" and I didn't say anything and he said he moved upstairs. I went up and saw Nathan Fillion there and was happy and then I remembered about our house and collapsed near the door. Dmitri came out a bit later and saw me and helped me up. Then I was still there but in a shop. People were doing Glee type of things and singing and dancing around. I turned off the lights and they passed by. I was hoping to get Dmitri in the dark to makeout with him. We turned off two each at one point and they were angry but they continued dancing to a different song. We then all had to get out of the place as it was collapsing. I got out but didn't see Dmitri and started worrying, but he was ok. Mom picked me up. We drove home and I mentioned the house and how important everything in there was to me and I started to cry again. As we were leaving I had texts come through from her and Dad about the house and this other thing. Dad mentioned something with Robert Downey Jr and said he was hilarious. There was some show with James Gandolfini, as well as The Sopranos. We were 'in' it. His last name was Gunn in the other show and he was a lawyer. I kept calling him Tony Soprano and he was looking at me in confusion.