Mom and I were doing some test/game and you could die, but you could be resurrected. We were in a place with a lot of noobs and it was almost like a World of Warcraft dungeon except you could get close to the enemies without being attacked. There were threes stages/quests in the area. Someone was on the last one and summoned a huge dragon from the water. I quicky ran out. Then Mom and I did the next bit together. We had to go up steps and we had lots of platforms and steps to go. When we got the end, we then went back. One bit had a bunch of cows fall and then they ran across and one went the other way and I got stuck and left behind. I dodged it on the way back. I drove back and everything looked different. I was in a field where giant needles rolled towards where you were. Then I was on foot and alone. A guy was in front of me running backwards slowly and talking to himself (but no words were said). I ran towards him, but I didn't really catch up. I was scared and freaking out. I got to the 'end' and it said to not open the 'pressurized chest' until September. I felt a slight to open it but then I just wanted to leave. This guy had a white mask on, only showing his blue eyes which now looked red. It was then a girl. I asked if she was real and she said yes and took it off. I hugged her and I thought 'that's weird of me'. I managed to get out. Then, I had a small scooter and was with others who were on rollerskates and scooters. There was a big dippy hill and a girl was there with her daughter. Then a big truck backed up behind us. I warned them to move but it was slow. Then we got to the side of the road and it followed me. I got him to crash into a fence and he found a saw and laughed crazily and started cutting people up. We ran. I found a small deli with weird hillbilly types. There was a four lane road and lots of traffic. I waited until there was a red light and then crossed. A mall was on fire and there was a car with Linus's name and picture on it. I went to get help. Then I was at school. Mr Stevenson saw me writing my dreams into my book. He tried to get it and I snatched it back. Mr Noonan and some others were there too. I was up to April 2008. There was a dream with Dmitri and some girl and they both died, and Alain Delon was on top of something.