I was in the UK. Mom was there too. We were staying at this house. I was trying to sleep but there were no curtains on the windows and I had a hard time. I eventually fell asleep but I woke up to people talking outside. Mom and I went to the shop. The checkout was at the back and it was like a deli section. There was a fudge section and 2-3 rows of ice-cream freezers. A lady came up to us with a 1-2 year old daughter in her arms and said to Mom 'do you have a daughter? Why aren't they dressed in school uniforms?' and I said "I'm in university". She said oh and I added "back home". She still said she was unhappy with what I was wearing and I said we were practically wearing the same thing -- black shirt and black shorts (she was wearing pants though). They were her work clothes. I found a box of dark chocolate Golden Gaytimes in the ice-cream section. I was trying to find a single one instead of a box. They also had lamingtons, but not many. Then we left. An Asian lady at the counter asked what we were looking for and I told them and she said they didn't have them. I called Mom and she drove off and I said 'how am I supposed to pay for this?'. I asked a lady who knew me and she paid for now. Mom went to this house and said some Asian guy had mentioned me wanting to move there and everyone knew. Then I was in some group. We were planning something illegal (but for a good reason). We were in a place that was like a hospital. We saw nurses starting to trickle in and they yelled for us to surrender. River Tam (Firefly) was there and started running and I followed her. There were lots of floors with just beams and she ran easily but I had to go slow so I didn't fall. She led me to this guy and she said 'he's found a cure' and he asked something and I nodded and he kissed me on the forehead. He looked like Preston. He told me to go and I surrendered. We were out the front of this place during the day and the 'police' pulled up fast and in front of this cute cat and I said it was kind of mean. I was trying to work out who would go in what car. Then I was waiting in a car with Ezra in a carpark full of cars. Then there was water nearby with boats. Ezra asked if I saw the guy and I said I did and he was trying to guess what car he was in.