Tanita posted on Facebook something like 'omg The Walking Dead is awesome' and a reference to some place they were going to on the show. I commented saying 'lol I can't wait until they get to that place. That was my favourite part of the comic'. Then I was in show. Kelly, Dmitri and Alisha (all from Misfits) were in it too. We were in a group along with Rick from the comic and some other people. There were two kids. We were in a house. Another group found us and they were bad guys.  They wanted to talk to this guy and his kid (but didn't realise there were two). They argued over which kid would go. Eventually Carl and Rick left, but it turned out the people weren't so bad. A black guy in our group betrayed us. I was telling two girls what happened while I was putting my shoes on. Then people started trying to get in. We couldn't open the back door as it was controlled by a computer and we didn't have someone who could program it. We did manage to open it and we ran. It was night and I was very slow. There was a strange grass field on concrete (like a small park). We lay on it, but the people found us easily. They shot one of us and questioned the rest of us. They asked why I didn't run and I said "well, as you can see I'm overweight, unfit and have a dodgy knee". They asked what was wrong with my knee and I said "I don't know, I think it's hereditary". They let me go and now the group was huge. I sat at the end of this long table where everyone else was sitting. Alisha sat next to me, chewing gum. Dmitri was at the desk behind me. Then I came later, running in saying there were zombies and we needed to run. They all aimed their weapons at me but then we all got guns and ran. We were shooting zombies as we ran away. I ended up in this building with two others. We had to climb through this duct and they said it smelled. We dropped into this big office. Something in the light had busted and smelled. We looked out the window and there were a few zombies around, but we saw people that we knew across the road. They stood still and the zombies passed by them. We did the same thing but this person we were with whistled and ran and hit the zombies with chairs. We met up with the group again eventually and were in cars. I ran into a fitness shop at one point and Dmitri was watching me.