I was watching a movie that was set in the past, but it was kind of weird and not accurate. There was a house that had a circular room that could spin. Jim Carrey's character went into the room and then got excited that the room could spin. Breckin Myer had a small part in the film and George Clooney was in it too. Then I was there and Jim Carrey was following me around like a puppy and I was trying to get away. Sometimes we liked each other. The doors wouldn't lock. I went outside and the back of the house was like a barracks. There were notebooks that I used as diaries. There was a guy with a big ring on his second finger and ring finger and I slept with him. People were coming after me and I ran. Jim Carrey met me behind this wall and had a bear costume. We held hands and skipped back, then ran. There was also a movie with John Cusack in it and he got a letter from the director saying "please do not use your real hair" and to wear this cornrow wig. It also had the words 'fuck' and 'cunt' in it and ended with 'Wolfman'. Then it was World of Warcraft, but in real life. I was driving back from 'Azeroth' which was in Norway, which was near us. I was then on a bus and it went to turn right at the lights and I realised I was on the wrong bus. The girl in front of me called someone and said she was on the wrong bus and I tapped her on the shoulder and asked if I could go with her and she got annoyed because she was on the phone and I told her not to worry about it and that I'd call my Mom. I tried calling Mom but she wasn't answering. I got off at the next stop. I went into this building and outside I could see huge waves. There were boats and trains nearby. I asked how to get back downtown and this guy said I had to get hit by the waves a few times. I said 'I got here on land, I can get back on land'. I ended up with Robert Sheehan and this girl was helping us. She invited us to a cafe. He ordered 'pseudo spaghetti' and I didn't want anything, but there were chips and I ate some. You could buy carrots for $7. His dish came and it was spicy. It was also rude to not eat all your food at this cafe.