A bunch of us went to a party. Santana and Brittany from Glee were there. When you hovered over someone with a mouse, it came up with a percentage and first it was like a compatibility score, then how much you had done with them. Sexual energy was high. Brittany said "this isn't a smile" and just had a blank face. She was then trying to do a crazy smile. Santana ended up naked and lay down on the counter and began to hump it. This other girl whose name began with M was wearing a black dress and had a vibrator with her. I liked this guy who looked like Judd Nelson. Some random guy kissed me. The Judd Nelson guy and his friends were talking to me and they mentioned something about a first kiss and I said it already happened and that "a guy shoved his tongue down my throat". We were supposed to sleep in cages and we were involved in something that I think was a set-up. I went into a bedroom and as I left, Judd Nelson came in. There was a cupboard next to the door and he kind of flirted with me and got close to me. I got around him and said we should get a room across the road in case it was a set-up. But then we were called outside. We were guests there and as people sat down, the numbers on this screen increased. We had to run across this lake. Then I worked somewhere until about 4am [last night I had to go out at 4am] and I walked home. There were lots of joggers and cyclists, so I started jogging but I started sweating and felt tired. I ran through a school and it was usually empty. There was a class of just guys. I talked to this guy and he said his daughter made $2000 in a week doing some 'low' level job. I got lost and then remembered where I was. I went to this shop and then it was Lie To Me. Lightman came out and said "hello Izzy" and then Torres and another person came out. Everyone looked at me. Then Lightman was like "pay up" and the other one was like 'damn' -- it turned out they bet that when I came back I would kiss him. He was wearing a wedding ring and was married to this dark skinned girl that he had been friends with before. This girl was married to Andy from The Office. I said I hated being away because everything changes.