I was at a video shop with Ezra. I had a list of my top 20 movies and I told Ezra to give it to the guy behind the counter. We waited a while and he came back and said he found 11 of them. I said 'let me see' but when I looked at them he said he had rearranged the list a bit, but had actually made his own list of 21. He said "you like cool movies". He asked us what we thought of Sean Connery and I said I didn't really care. He said that James Bond films needed to be studied. I asked if they had any Alain Delon movies there and he didn't know who it was. Then he said "have you seen Le Samourai?" and I was like 'how can you have seen that and not know who Alain Delon is?'. Carl Weathers was then with us. I said that I felt like rewatching Arrested Development and he started singing 'it ain't easy being white'. And I said '... black'. Everyone else asked what we were talking about. Then this weird stuff happened. There was a reddish liquid on the floor. It Cortexaphan and I said 'oh no they di'nt'. There was another liquid that glowed green. It turned out the guy behind the counter was dodgy. There was a lab out the back. I said that I knew something was up because he didn't know who Alain Delon was. Then he was Alain Delon and I was watching him in his lab and he was watching me and had a knife. I said 'I'm just watching'. Then we were outside and he used the liquid and sprayed it with water and he explained (in a French accent) that it kept the wall in a different 'plane of existence' so that the water wouldn't stay. I asked 'so if it was used on a human, they wouldn't age and their eyes wouldn't fail' and he said yes. Then he was actually a 'good' bad guy. There was another bad guy doing other stuff. Alain Delon stood on a little step and yelled at the guy and I was thinking he looked really hot. I started checking him out and was staring at his butt and was thinking that wasn't like me. Then he said that "it's now" and the liquid was going to explode. We lay down, as did the bad guy. Then he told me to run for it. As we did, it exploded and there was red smoke. We walked through a highschool and people were leaving and not even paying attention. They looked very 80s-ish. We walked away and he put his arm around me.