I work for a rock star (Prince?) and am travelling with him and his girlfriend. The auditorium is being set up and I'm not doing anything much when I remember I haven't set out, gotten their clothes for the show. I'm slightly panicked and hurry back to the place we're sort of "encamped". She (the girlfriend) has set up some triangular cardboard boxes as a sort of tunnel into the area and I don't want to crawl through because of my weight, so I have to stumble past them. This place is kind of like a huge warehouse and we're camping in it like little rabbits or something. I go into their "room", where clothes and things are. As I do things I overhear her talking to someone, who says how remarkable it is, she's 8 months pregnant and nobody knows. She wants to keep it a secret. The publicity would be awful, and everything would be very messy. (He's black and she's white - they mean to stay together and be a family but don't think they could have any private life if this got out.) She's quite nervous and dithery about the whole thing - not her usual style - and comes in to hand me something, saying keep it for her. I think I should sort of hide it so she can't find it all that easily and keep getting it again (I don't know what it is - papers? - but I know she's only dithering about it out of nervousness) - I put it behind a lamp on a small table, with something that I just put there myself, but it's kinda precarious so I go to put it in (or near) my suitcase, on the floor by the opposite wall. [This is really a room, sort of - there are outside windows in it but they don't let you see out - frosted, I guess.) I'm repacking it anyway and trying to put a couple of new yellow sweaters in it, I've got several crew-neck sweaters there already, a couple more yellow, a couple beige. They mightn't fit. A little girl comes up and looks over my shoulder, her mom not far behind - she asks the usual questions, what are you doing that for, etc. I mention she has a couple of yellow sweaters like these. (Or does she?)