I am thinking that I want to or should go to the library in S City. Bonnie comes by and we go in her car. It's a small old green Volkswagen. Others are in the back seat. I'm in the passenger seat. When we get to S City, I ask Bonnie, or rather hint to her, that I'm not sure of what to do and would she help me. Bonnie/Corinne says, "You can do it," and tells me to push the "county" button on the phone and dial 514 ----. I try to, but can't find that button. Two other categories are added: "cars" and "driving." A woman comes on the line and asks me what I want. I say that I want the library. She asks me if I am B. She recognized my voice. She is Cheryl S and then I'm at the library. She is very pregnant. She suggests we take some time out to enjoy ourselves by going swimming. The old lake has been paved. So now we are in a boat, a small motor boat, blue and white. Bonnie is driving and messes up by driving us up out of the water and onto the lawn. There is a row of apartment houses and I'm concerned that they will come out, mad at us for being on their lawn. I notice how close they live to the lovely swimming pools and think how nice. I drag the boat back into the water. It is damaged on the aft side and starts to fill up with water and sink. I pick it up, now small and a "handbag or plastic carry bag" and empty the water. I take things out of it and use it to float on like water wings. I float along. I notice the pretty turquoise tiles on the floor of the pool and see walls covered with arts and crafts. I want to kick to get exercise which is good for my health, but don't because I might splash other people and they'd get mad. Then I see all the water is gone and a sign says that from the hours of --- and ---, swim in the other pool. I walk to the other pool and see a long, long flight of stairs. It leads down into a huge room like in mansions. There are a huge grandfather's clock, antique crystal glass flowers on a brass wall lamp, a series of dolls and oil paintings. Then I see lots of people taking their places, in costume, for a historic pageant which will start when the water comes on and fills up the pool. I lean my hand on the stair rail which is broken and shakily leans out over the long fall. I back up and feel nervous so close to the edge. Paulina sits next to me on my left. We move to another vantage point near another rickety rail. An Indian man walks past me and goes down to be a part of the pageant. I am intrigued by the Indians and watch as he opens a beaded pouch. He opens a bag and there are blankets and jean jackets.