It kept going back and forth between reality and the Game of Thrones universe. I was a new character and later in the books I got married to Jon Snow. Kit Harington and I were friends in the real world. I think I was flirting with him and said I was looking forward to it and I think I asked him to ask me out. He lived in this village (in Game of Thrones) in the common area. There was a tunnel and you got richer as you went up. I was on a raft with Jon and others. There was another raft ahead. Joffrey and Cersei were standing up ahead and Joffrey liked me and hated Jon. He called out and said he wanted Jon and two other 'good looking' guys (he said their names but I figured that was the connection between them) to swap rafts. Jon obeyed and rubbed my shoulder. I tutted and made a face going past and Cersei told me to watch myself. Then I was back at the village. There was a really peaceful and pretty park. Kit asked how the ride was. Then it got weird. I was alone in the park, standing up against a tree. Two girls came to 'check my weight' and I was 53kg and they bullied me and were hurting me. Then it was only one and she'd been doing it for some time. After some attempts, I got the better of her. I held her arm out and stabbed her wrist with a pencil. I did it to some others and then I went back and dragged the pencil down her wrist so she would bleed out. She died and collapsed. I text Kit saying 'come to park NOW'. He turned up 25 minutes later and I had disposed of the body but he had seen it all and helped me take care of the other bodies. Then I had pretended to be dead as a joke. Then I had a baby in the park. Its head and name was on a box and it was called 'Chander' and I wondered why we called it that and how I misspelt it. Someone came with an Aussie accent. Kit said it was a baby of my favourite [something]. He looked at it and there was a pic of me and Kit with the baby, with Joseph Gordon-Levitt's head on it, and he took it off. I assumed he knew about the murders because of this, but I don't know what the connection was.