I was at The Janitor's (Scrubs) house, and there was like a party but in this shop area. He collected old books/art and fixed them up. He kept offline records of things people bought/what he spent (he also owned this shop thing) and noticed he was spending too much and he announced to everyone that he was quitting his job of being a janitor and doing something else instead. Then there was like an explosion and a panic in the streets. People were trying to get in and we tried to keep the doors shut. Then we either got on a train, or it just changed to being on a train [note: I watched Snowpiercer recently], which was owned by The Janitor. There were a few other friends/acquaintances on there. There were about 8 carriages and they were separated by sliding doors. Each carriage also had a door to the outside which was open and zombies were climbing in; even though the train was going very fast. The Janitor knew of a way to shut the doors so they wouldn't open from outside. There was an emergency latch to the right of every door and we had to pull it towards us. There were 5 of us and I said that 3 of us would go through and start clearing out/closing the carriages and told one to stay behind and the other to trail us. It was mostly easy and then there was a whole bunch in the next carriage. A guy was standing right at the door and we told him to move because there were lots of zombies and he was being cocky and then it opened and they surrounded him. He got out, but I think he was bitten (or maybe just scratched). We only had these guns which shot arrows and they had a slight reload time. We were shooting them in the head, and had good aim. We cleared the carriage and kept moving. The carriage at the end had humans in it -- a teacher and children. We saw them climbing in. I yelled 'get off our train' but then a female 'friend' of ours was with me and opened the vent and said that they needed to close and secure the door. She somehow got in there and started doing it and then something pulled her up through the vent. I was like 'holy feck' and then a dog came in and it started attacking the group, but then I saw it coming towards me and I ran. It was getting through these holes below/above the doors. I got to the first carriage, where everyone was armed and waiting up high. I climbed up and waited with them.