I held a school reunion at the old house. Some people there were people who were strangers, but I'm not sure if I knew them in the dream or if they were strangers to me in the dream. Dmitri was there and looked really hot. Eugene and Bradley were also there. People were sleeping over too. I put a glass in the fridge and there was a countdown from five and it exploded. Dad yelled and said to never put a glass directly in the fridge. Later, I went to the toilet which was facing 90 degrees counter clockwise from where it does face and left the door pulled to. I peed and went to wipe, when Dmitri started talking to me and someone else came along as well. Later, this girl and I got into an argument and she was being bitchy to everyone. Her friend was also bitching with her. Everyone was then gone except those two, and she was still carrying on and I turned around and started yelling at her calling her a bitch. She got up angrily and I had this butcher knife and I hit her and her friend with it, and then ate them. I went out to Dad and said I ate them "not in a weird sex way" and he started helping clean up the evidence. They had been on a mattress with blankets and had left some spots of blood. I put the blankets in a basket. I put her suitcase and stuff together. Dad went out to do something. There was a knock on the door and some salesmen were there. They gave me a card and a paper bag and left smiling. The card said 'to Izzy' and then had some crap about donating to poor people. They returned not long after and I gave it back and said 'sorry, not interested'. They were bothered by this. The girl's phone on was the bed and kept vibrating because a friend was ringing. There was a voicemail from me, which I'd left earlier, of me yelling at her. I took the suitcase and a bag outside, and got a few houses down but then I saw people from the reunion across the street and the salesmen coming back, so I left it and went back. The salesmen had gone inside, but I couldn't find them. Then there were kids in the house demanding donations. I was thinking this was ridiculous and that we weren't going to get away with this at all now. Then it changed to a father and young son. He had 'made' friends, but they had died. Then they were escaping from something, and the kid got new friends and a dog (all created) and then they walked away happily.