There were zombies. I don't really remember what it was like but we'd had some massive fight against them where we felt like we were safe and went to sleep. We were in this big building which didn't really make any logical sense, because sometimes it was like a massive mansion or an office or a mall. I woke up and heard people. I looked outside and saw normal people just doing normal stuff. I went to find my friends. I looked in a room and saw a hand lying on the floor from behind a desk. I went in and Hank (Breaking Bad) was lying under there sleeping. I shook him and he said like 'that was the best sleep ever' and I nodded and grinned and then said 'there are people outside'. I opened the curtains and outside were tons of people coming into the building. It was like there were no zombies/nothing had happened. He went to find his mate by opening the drawers of the desk. He wasn't in there. Two cupboards were at other side of room. I opened a drawer and he was sleeping in there - it was Simon Pegg. He jumped out and we explained and went to investigate. Outside the room it was now a mall, and tons of people were coming our way. I was doing like karate poses when they came near but realised they weren't zombies. People were running shops etc. We went to one shop and Silas was yelling at the lady about a 'doll rack' in the back and she was like 'how do you know about the doll rack' and I said exasperated 'someone told us about it, please would you just check if it's there' and she went and checked and said yes. I didn't know what the relevance was. Then there was something about a 'vampire' thing and there was a container of these like bottle holders, but they were squishy and had like bubble wrap on the inside. One had fangs on it. They were like £53 pounds or something though because it was some charity thing. I wasn't sure if that's what we needed but I was like 'too bad it's so expensive'. Someone said that centuries had passed after the zombie invasion had died down but I didn't think that was right because no-one was acting like a zombie invasion had happened.