I was watching How I Met Your Mother. Lily and Marshall were getting a divorce or something and she and Ted decided to give it a go. Ted had inherited the 'property' of something and had this small, but nice, house in a quiet street. It then cut to him and Lily lying in bed after 3 days. He was right next to the wall and obviously not interested in her. She complained they had nothing in common. She stormed out of house and he followed and then was shown whispering to Marshall who was waiting outside. It was a set-up so she'd go back to Marshall. He caught up with her and they seemed happy to see each other. Then I was there and there was a car waiting. As they were coming back he said 'run', and I struggled to lock the door and then ran. The doors were open and he got in the left side and I got in the right (though the car was facing us). We were driving for a while and then The Mother was in the front. She was wearing a white, fitted dress with white heels. She got up to change stations and had to bend over and Ted perved on her. She turned to us and saw what I was wearing and went off, like 'what the hell are you wearing?', 'you need to change' etc and I yelled back saying 'I'm wearing what I'm comfortable in and I am comfortable. You're dressed like you're modelling or going to a ball, I don't need to dress for attention every second of my life' or something. I realised I hadn't put my shoes on and we pulled into a shop to get some. They seemed to be out of clothes everywhere. The Mother dissed my clothes again and I was like 'I'm just wearing jeans' and saw I had a hole, then saw they'd been like slashed across the front and back of the knee and at the bottom. I was like wtf and accused The Mother. She didn't deny it but I didn't know if it was actually her. I was looking for jeans too. Ted seemed to be getting annoyed and I was annoyed and worried that he was going to ditch me for her. She ended up buying me this little fish. She gave me the bag and I saw the fish (it was red and white) but then it was gone. I couldn't find it and she took it back and there was also a Korean family staring at the fish and we assumed they were going to eat them. The Mother went to this old lady and came back with my pants 'fixed' - the lady chose between 'bringing the fish back' or fixing my pants. I was annoyed but like I didn't need a fish and I was going to get new pants anyway.