I was at a table in a restaurant (like a big one, ball room type of thing). It was a place where some play or something was going on. The other people at the table were the actors in it.  I think I was friends with one of the actresses. Then I was at home and I lived with Dan Palmer and we had a son who was about 5. We were in bed and I was waking up. I was on my back and he had his arm over me, sleeping. It was our son's birthday or something and we were in his bedroom and Dan was joking around as you would with a kid and then gave him a Caramello Koala from behind his back which was apparently his favourite chocolate. And I continued joking around like 'gasp, he doesn't like Caramello Koala's' and then I pulled another one out from behind my back. The kid was really happy about it. Also the Caramello Koala's were more like small Easter bunny chocolates with just tons of caramel in them. Then these 'officer' types came and demanded to look inside and we let them. They looked for 'illegal' animals, like you needed permission for all the animals on your property and I was like 'what if a random animal just wanders in', but apparently that was ok. I looked out the window and there was this bizarre lizard creature, it was like two animals together; one was this lizard thing and the other was brown and had a long neck and a sort of ET looking face. The lizard had an iguana-ish face and would drape itself over the brown thing and it would like carry it along. I said 'we don't own THAT' and they were like 'yeah we know'. Then there was this species of chicken which was pretty but dumb. They gathered us all in the backyard (which was massive and there were a bunch of other people but I don't know who they were). They tossed forks in front of the normal chickens which picked them up and the stupid chicken just started running around like a fool. They wanted the other chickens to attack it, and they started chasing it around. I was like 'I don't want to watch this' and gathered my son and Dan and we went and placed ourselves in a position to not see it. Another lady had done the same with her son and on the way to the place to sit she looked at us in disgust and was like 'I'm not subjecting my son to this' but I was too sad to have a go at her. I had the feeling that the son was confused and not bothered about the whole thing and I was thinking 'I hope he doesn't end up a serial killer'.