I somehow ended up in one of those crop plane things with someone else. Either he or I was the only one who knew how to land it. We were messing around for a while when it started getting really windy, so we put it down. In the distance there was a bunch of smoke. We landed on a strip that was near this like cabin thing (like in horror films when they stop in at a petrol station or something in the middle of nowhere, it was that kind of look). There was just sand everywhere too, no roads nearby. It was dead quiet and there was no-one around. The guy was now Dan Palmer and we were suspicious, so hid behind this thing in the middle of the path leading up to the cabin thing. There was another building to the right and I saw a zombie stumble out from behind it. It started coming towards us and we moved around the thing we were hiding behind and as it came near I think I wrapped my arm around it and broke its neck. Another zombie from near the cabin saw us and started coming towards us and I did the same thing. We moved closer and Dan was peeking out and I said 'stop, don't move' because this big green monster (which I referred to as The Hulk) was lurking behind the cabin/near a tree. It was just a little taller than the cabin and was slim-ish, not like a massive thing like Hulk. It saw him anyway and I think it just left. I can't remember what the deal was but I had to chop off someone's hand and I chopped off their right hand and there was lots of blood; it was quite graphic. Then I had to chop off Dan's hand and he said to get rid of the left one and I found an axe and started chopping it. There was lots of blood and it was fairly easy to cut through although it took a few hits. I also chopped off some zombie's head with the axe. Then I was at some like beachside town and there were jetties and whatnot and stuff decorated for Halloween. I saw some kids wearing costumes and I realised it was Halloween. It was dusk and I was on my way home and I thought I might come back down to check out the festivities, but needed to get some movies watched for challenge first.