I went to see The Lords of Salem which was actually a live show. Rob Zombie was hosting but he didn't look like him and he also had a Northern accent and mentioned he was from Yorkshire. The show was held outside in a field thing. There was a big stage. I can't remember what happened at all, but it was pretty fun. There were lots of lights and stuff. Then it was inside. There were lots of kids in the show. Something weird was happening and they were taking people? I either went on stage or was talking to Zombie and he took my wallet? I went to leave coz I thought they were going to take me and I went out the exit and then realised he had my wallet. I went back in and wondered how I was going to get it. I was with the kids and they seemed to think something was going on too. A lady came and said they were looking for Eleanor or something similar to that, which was a codename thing. I said confidently, 'It's me,' even though I knew it meant they were going to take me (it was to save the kids??). She said to follow her and we got to the edge of the stairs at the stage and she said they'd be a while and asked if I wanted to sit. So I did. I also needed to pee. I was trying to work out how to make a run for it, when I realised they weren't even guarding me or whatever, so I walked out. I started running for the tube station (it was night) and the lady came running after me. I think I tripped over or ran into something and they caught me. They took me to this place and made me stay outside. It was fenced off and guarded by this one dude. The lady, who was now Jeb, told him to not let me through. I was crying and saying let me out and he started crying but wouldn't budge and said he had to follow orders. The only thing outside was one of those small rectangle plastic bin things, so I grabbed that to use as a pillow and curled up, trying to sleep. Then the guard was talking to another guy, so I got up and slipped out and he gave me a look like he'd done it on purpose. I ran, and they didn't follow. I got to the tube station and you had to scan the Oyster card and then your ID. Another guy was having problems with it, but it finally worked. I did mine but my ID said 'CONNED', and I realised they tricked me with a new licence thing. I had another one in a pocket, so I used that. I ran to the elevator and a fat guy was behind me so I tried to keep it open but he just stood there, so I went in. I ran to the first train I saw but I didn't recognise the next stop and realised I had taken the wrong line (a lady said it was the "Green" line). I got out and tried to work out where to go. It was like 1.30am so I wondered why the tube was even running.