I was on PirateBay but it was the freeway. There was a guy advertising his game, not a torrent, but for like $6. I watched a trailer and it was a racing game so I wasn't interested, but then I saw it had Diddy Kong Racing characters, so I bought it. There was a bit where you race these hovercraft things over water and then a giant lizard tries to get you (the 'boss' was called Swamp Thing 2). At the start of the game you are in a room with shelves and empty boxes. The game was all happening in real life. The lizard attacked and the controls were weird. I killed it and then nudged it, but it was just sleeping. Then I had to tiptoe through a room full of dogs and cats sleeping. I got outside and a kitten came up to me. It looked sick so I was careful patting it. I talked to Layla and she said she had played it and it was hard. I was messing around with the settings and then Mom came running out in a towel saying 'you're up?' and ran into this dark building/room which was a bathroom, and threw her towel off and ran into the darkness. Then it was real life and I was near a store which was called Svengen. There were mailboxes and I'd left some Maltesers in one. I went up to it and it was number 361. A guy was opening 360. I pulled out the Maltesers and he handed me a $5 note and I went 'huh?' and he smoothly put it into his box and said 'what, I'm just putting $5 into my box'. I said ok and left. Julian Barratt was my boyfriend and I went up to him and he said it was probably a drug deal and said to be careful (to 'act natural' because the guy looked dangerous). We had an arm around each other and we were talking and giggling and he kissed me a few times. The guy was nearby and I felt uncomfortable. We went into the store and walked to the other side and then heard it was getting held up. A guy was talking about how he'd rape some woman 'even though she was Native' and I was worried they would rape me, so I ran to this door and ran out. I ran down one way but then back tracked and snuck past. I had no pants on. Julian was still in there and slowly edging towards the door and I wondered why I left him. I was walking past the first road I'd been on so I didn't walk past the front of the store and get the guy's attention. I saw a bunch of people run out of the store and realised they were free. They kept running though. It was getting dark (dusk-ish). A cute, but odd-looking, guy was walking down the street. He stared at me with a grin and came over to me. I started panicking but then I saw Julian at the end of the street and he ran towards me and the guy left. We hugged and I apologised for leaving. Then I was at home which was like the old house. It was dark and apparently a murderer was around. I found Mom's head and a brain in the microwave. I assumed it was fake and was looking for a trickster. I found Ezra and I told him and he looked at them and the microwave was on and he stopped it and implied there was a murderer around and that they were real. I freaked out and grabbed a knife from the kitchen. There was something to do with a horror film which was fairly popular and well-known within the horror crowd. It was playing on TV. Ezra cut out some carpet and found a hole full of horror movie posters selling for £70. We weren't really talking because Ezra said the killer was probably around. We got split up and I text him saying we should meet somewhere to talk. I got a text later from 'Lukas' saying we should meet at Svengen, 'it's where everyone used to meet before Facebook' and I was like wtf. Then I had another text from an unknown number about something related, but different. I assumed this meant either Ezra was the killer or the killer was taunting me by having many people's phones (having killed them). I was hiding in my room and all the lights were off now and it was very dim. The door kept getting gently pushed open. I was really scared and started crying. I got the knife ready and the next time it happened I stabbed them and got them. They started crying out and it was Ezra. I opened the door and he'd gone into Dad's room and was sitting on the bed. I kept stabbing him and he kept saying stop and then the lights came on and he had stab wounds all over him and one big upward gash across his stomach/chest. He said he thought I was the killer and then there was a creepy laugh in the distance and a light turned off and I realised he wasn't the killer and I'd just injured the only help that I had. I had an intense feeling of dread and fear.