John Cusack and I were in some group of thieves or something. Catherine Zeta Jones was also part of our group. Cusack was supposed to grab like $78 million for us, but he took it and ran. Sometimes it changed into a movie and there was a scene of him driving down a road in a car at full speed and then leaping into another one, with the old car crashing. We caught up with him at this place. We searched everywhere for him but couldn't find him. Finally we were at the last place to look. There were two playgrounds, but they were like houses. He wasn't there. The guy that was in charge was getting angry. In the smaller playground, we found Cusack's 'wallet', and the guy got excited and thought he found cash but it was just cut outs of puzzles from newspapers. I saw a ladder leading up to a window in the house next door. I wanted to wait until the others left before going up, but they seemed determined to stay and search the place. It got later and I heard old video game noises (pew pew pew) coming from the room. I gave the impression I was leaving and went behind this thing and then climbed up the ladder into this boy's room. He asked if I was looking for the other person that had climbed through and I said yes and he said he was in the basement under the bed and was bleeding. I lifted the carpet up and slid under it and went under the bed to find him. But then it was just under this bed and he said hi. A younger kid came in and said "What are the shadows doing? I can't sleep" and we tried to be quiet. He asked if the others knew he was there and I said no. I saw blood under him. There were pads and I opened one and he said they were noisy and I tried putting it on the cut but realised I had it around the wrong way. Then I heard a noise like people climbing through a window. We were now downstairs under a bed. He jumped up and walked to the front door. He looked out the window and saw them. It was now night. He got ready to open the door and we ran out -- it was now day. They shot at us and we ran for this van thing. I yelled asking how to get in and he said 'the window' and I shouted 'which window?'. I smashed one and tried to jump in (it was in slo-mo) but my boobs were too big to fit in, so I unlocked the lock and got in. He drove off. I was bleeding from the broken glass. Then it was raining and I was washing away some of the blood. He said 'you're not going to die, are you?' half joking and I said I was fine.