I was with The Doctor (David Tennant). We were close and possibly going to take it further. We had some other girl with us temporarily as well. We went back to the 40s, during the Nazi era. There was this blonde lady (about 40) who was evil and running some thing. She wasn't meant to be there, so the Doctor was trying to fix it. We were outside at night around these buildings and a market. Then we were in this underground lair place. We got separated and I got tricked and trapped in this room with lava. There were some places to stand but it was sinking. I was calling out for the Doctor and panicking. I jumped onto this lower platform and managed to get out of the room. I ended up with a lady and others following me and I ran and opened this door. The Doctor came and through and I realised he must've used me as bait. We got trapped somewhere else and she had this thing there which was like a red light preventing the sonic screwdriver from being used. There were blocks on the wall and they were all black except for a white one in the corner. It was Minecraft like and the screwdriver would work on the white one, so he pushed it back and we climbed through. It led into this hall and we climbed up a wall into this big room which was like a museum. The lady confronted us but didn't try to kill us. The Doctor was talking to her saying we had to take what we wanted and leave. I was wearing a coat and it got caught I considered leaving it, but I liked it so I unhooked it. The lady looked stunned and wanted to take all this jewellery, but couldn't. I didn't know why he was taking her with us. We opened a door and it led into the TARDIS, which looked totally different. It had a curved entryway and had a window which looked outside and was underwater. Apparently the TARDIS was parked underwater somewhere but this was a portal to it. Outside, two stingrays were swimming towards each other and the Doctor said they were mating. Then we left and the stingrays joined together and began mating. Then it was beavers and there was a sort of comedic British voiceover describing the mating and birth. At a certain point in the pregnancy, their heads changed and they looked like they were wearing a pointy white mask thing. Then it would fall off and she would give birth by swimming upwards and the baby beavers would just pop out, followed by the placenta.