I was at Hillary's, but it was different. Lots of the shops were hiring, and were all clothes stores. I applied for a few and went to check my mail (still at Hillary's). There were two for me -- there were cushions inside with a sticker saying 'you suck' on them (and no to the job obviously). I went to university, which was different. It looked like a mansion thing. A lady said university was closed -- it was Easter Monday (which she called 'good Monday') and I'd forgotten it was closed that day. I went back home and realised I was working today at Cannington. It was almost 4pm and I started hurrying to get ready and told Mom and Darren I was leaving for Cannington and they were like 'oh god, you're going to be late' but I said I started at 5.30pm and they said 'oh you have plenty of time' [IRL, I'm working at Cannington tonight]. People on the forum were giving me directions. Quizzleygirl said there'd be a sign saying 'Quizzleygirl's 4[km]' and to turn there and the rest of it would be on foot. I did so. Then people from the forum were there. FlyingSquirrel had a disguise on and I was out of the room and he was talking to me, then took the mask off and he was like 80 (he looked very old) and I tried not to act surprised. He went back inside and I saw everyone sitting stunned. Benjamin was there and he looked at me through a window and I mouthed 'FlyingSquirrel' and he was like 'oh my god'. He came outside and then he was The Doctor (David Tennant). FlyingSquirrel was outside too, just a bit away from us. I thought something was dodgy. Something happened and he got younger (about 50). The Doctor hinted it was The Master again. Then I was his companion and was saying he couldn't kill him and there was a dead bird and the Doctor looked vengeful but picked up the bird and it came back to life; suggesting what he'd do to the Master. He also said something like 'remember, I didn't kill him') [IRL I'm rewatching Doctor Who and watched the Master episode last night]. I wondered if it meant FlyingSquirrel had been killed and the Doctor thought so.