Portal had alternate endings. It didn't actually matter what you did, it would just give you a random ending. It showed up on a blackboard like in Antichamber which endings you'd seen. For one, the lab was on a spaceship. After Chell broke free, the engines/gravity thing were turned off and it began falling to Earth and would take 30 seconds. Then she woke up in bed and was young (maybe 12-ish). She had two sisters and a brother. She was trying to work out if this was a dream or if Portal had been a dream. People kept showing up in blue and orange clothes (sometimes it would be a person wearing both colours, other times it would be two people together). Then I was her and I'd recently watched Wishmaster 3 and 4, though it wasn't actually the Wishmaster films. Each sister was scared by a different film. I told them I'd recently watched them and one remembered a naked guy in her 'scary' one and I said it was the third one. In the third one, some weird stuff had happened and this naked guy ended up with this 'frozen' bit of jizz in the shape of a plate and was riding on it over a waterfall. Then I was at university, doing a film course. I had to do accounting and economics as 'essential electives'. After accounting, I was sitting with some friends. A guy came up to me and started talking to me saying his name was Kenneth (?) and had sat next to me in accounting. I was like 'yeah, whatever' and didn't even look up at him, though I didn't remember who had been sitting next to me. He was apparently flirting. He stayed friendly even though I ignored him and then left. My friends Facebooked him and he was 17 and Turkish. They said "he didn't look 17!" and I said "yeah, and I'm not a pedophile". There was also a movie which may have been Clerks 3, but it also kind of wasn't (didn't really follow any continuity except for Dante and Rosario Dawson's character being together). She had a nose piercing (between nostrils, like a bull) and was really scruffy looking. There was this whole story about Dante's childhood crush and best friend, whose name I've forgotten, but she moved away during early adulthood and drifted apart. She returned and so did his feelings. She obviously liked him too. At the end he was being sad in his room and sort of crying and she turned up at the window and said "I love you" and he said "I love you too" and I can't remember what happened next. Then it showed this 'after the credits' thing where it showed Kevin Smith revealing carvings on a floor that had 'his name &lt;3 her name' and dated like 30 years ago or whatever and it'd been based on a true story.