I was at home, but it was different and I think I lived with Dad. Something went wrong with the lock on the front door and it wasn't locking. It had been like that overnight but I'd only just realised. I said we had to get it fixed straight away because I was working tomorrow and wasn't going to leave it like that. We called over a lock dude. He was young (about my age) and chubby, but average looks. I was doing all the talking for some reason and taking care of it. He said he could do some today and come back in the morning to finish it (it had to 'set' or something). He was sort of flirting with me (though I wasn't sure if he was) and then he asked me out. I said no and he was just like ok and left (I was polite and he seemed ok, though hurt). The next day he came back and I'd written on my calendar two lines from the exchange and he was near the calendar and I thought 'feck, I don't want him to see that'. He didn't seem to notice (though I think he was pretending to not have seen it). I was paying with Dad's card and was at the computer/ATM thing with the guy. I needed Dad's account number and pin, so I called him to ask for it. He said his pin was like 1420 but it started breaking up and I couldn't hear him. I think I went to look for him and it turned out he'd been killed by the lock guy. I was like 'why did you kill him?!' and he said he thought it would convince me to go out with him and I was like 'you killed my Dad because you thought it'd make me go out with you?'. I then wondered if he'd read something of mine where I'd said I thought serial killers [in films] were hot. He did seem more attractive though. I ran away and he followed - but didn't seem like he was going to hurt me, he just seemed sad. It was dark outside now and I ran back to the house and turned on the light in the lounge room (it was like Dad's old house now), but it flickered and didn't come on. I tried turning on the other lights and nothing happened. I then thought it must be a dream, so I started shouting 'Turn on!' over and over and the light started getting brighter and then they were on. But then I 'woke up' within the dream and was telling Mom about the weird dream I just had where 'this guy was flirting with me and then killed Dad to make me go out with him'.