I went to some nightclub thing. It was a bit strange though. It was near closing or past closing and we were still in there. There was me, Mom and Ezra. We went to the toilet and the doors were all closed, but they'd just been pushed to. Mom went into a cubicle and I went to the one next to it. Ezra decided to go to one as well. Then a lady who worked there came in and I put the lid down and stood on top of it because I thought she was dodgy. Mom made a noise, but the lady ignored it and went straight into my cubicle. I ran out. We all got back together somehow and I was saying that I'd read about something or other where it's a maze to get out of and they 'take' you. This place didn't look that difficult to get around so I wondered why this would be the place, but then the lights flickered and went out. I'm not sure what happened next but I was captured as well as a friend of Ezra's called Cody something. The people were saying that originally we were going to be paired together, but they swapped us around so that I would be with Stephen Merchant (who they had captured a few days before). I kept asking why we were paired up but no-one answered me. I was thinking 'well, I might die but at least I get to be with Stephen Merchant'. We got moved to some place where a whole bunch of us were crammed in and walking fast. Stephen Merchant was there and I was asking him what happened to us and where they were taking us but he said he didn't know (also, he looked a lot younger). Then were in a big cabin thing in the woods. There was a big room full of beds and lounges. We each had a bag of stuff and had to pick a bed. I waited for Steve to walk over to a bed, and he went with this soft one near the window in the back of the room. There was a paired-lounge across the wall. He put his bag on it and started taking stuff out when this guy put his bag on the bed and I said 'that's our bed' and he was like 'I was here first'. I jumped on the bed and said 'no, he just put his bag on the lounge which goes with this bed and we were already taking our stuff out so we were here first' and the guy begrudgingly left. I was still trying to work out why they needed us and why we were paired up with someone. Some theories were they were going to 'breed' something, sacrifice us, use us as food or combine us.