I still lived at Dad's old place. I was home alone during the day and just messing about in my room. I heard this weird noise and got up to check but didn't see anything, so went back to my room. I heard it again and again, found nothing. The third time I heard it, I happened to peek into the laundry and saw a man coming through a cat door (we had a cat door in the laundry, but on the side next to where the freezer was, and one on the back door). He had tufts of curly grey hair. I started shouting 'what the hell do you think you're doing?' and he saw me and quickly backed out and ran off. I banged on the door, still shouting. I grabbed a phone and couldn't remember the number for the local police and then I was trying to decide whether I should just call emergency police in case he came back or if I should call Mom or Dad. I went back to the laundry to find him coming in again and I again, started shouting and he backed out and just stood there. I opened the door and tried to find something to scare him with, but picked up a piece of broken glass and slit his throat with it. He fell to the ground and died, blood everywhere. I dropped the glass and went inside. Then there was a knock on the door. There were two men claiming to be from a phone company, but they looked dodgy and had a van in the driveway with no markings. I told them to 'fuck off' and slammed the wood door. I called Mom and asked if she was home and could come round but she wasn't. I said "I heard a noise and there was a man coming through the cat door in the laundry, so I slit his throat. There are two dodgy guys hanging around outside." but she didn't seem to really care.  They started making their way out the back, so I went back to the laundry and grabbed the glass and slit another one's throat. Then suddenly the other guy fell back and I saw a guy standing near the shed, who'd thrown a knife at the guy. He said he was a vampire and would take care of the bodies. I was confused, but said ok and went back inside.