Brienne (Game of Thrones) was being forced to work at the gallows? She didn't like it though. It was at a castle which I didn't recognise and I was there too. Jaime came on a horse and had a fight with Cersei and then left angrily on his horse. Had to wait for gates to open and then took off. I was later at an outside area, which was undercover, next to a river thing. Restaurants etc. I was sitting at a bench next to the river doing something. I had my laptop with me as well. This lady told me that they had better Wifi on this side and that between certain hours you could download as much as you wanted. I was like ok, but she kept hassling me. Eventually I left with two friends of mine and got in a car (who sat in the front), and we picked up two strangers (a couple) as well (who we had met briefly, but didn't know). We drove for some time and were going through some country road with mountains and stuff. The wifi and car began to sputter and the driver said to lock our doors (apparently this was a 'common-ish' happening. People using EMPs to stop cars and then mugging the people [EMP thing possibly reference to Godzilla which I saw the other day]). I realised the two strangers hadn't locked their doors and I thought it was suspicious but I leaned over and locked it, she unlocked it and I said to the driver that it was "an inside job" and he said "I know". I grabbed my laptop bag and another bag I had and when the car stopped I got out. Everyone else heaped their stuff into a pile for them to take and I started walking. They were like 'where do you think you're going? Put your stuff over there' and I said 'no'. The guy started coming towards me and told me to give it to him and I said "I would rather kill you than give you my laptop" and he pulled out a 'knife' but it was actually a plastic fork. He kept coming closer to me and I reached for it and snapped the top off (it wasn't a perfect fork btw, it was wide and had big forky bits). He just looked at me confused and I tried to stab him in with it but it barely did anything. He laughed and said you had to make more than a surface wound. So I sliced it down his arm and then started cutting into his face. Then I wrote 'I am 69' on across his forehead and on the top 'DOOM' and I think I wrote 'gay' on there. Kept cutting into him and stabbing him and then he was just bleeding from everywhere [I rewatched Scream last night, possible influence]. Then I was at a shop and it was about 6-ish and I bought this ice-cream which had a cool name like 'fluffy bunny' and it was round-ish. The guy from before was following me and he made a reference that it was a real bunny, so I took a big bite of it and made a 'so there' face. I pulled the bunny bit out of my mouth to check though and it was just like a little fluffy bunny toy. I thought it was a weird idea for an ice-cream, but it was soft and delicious. I kept walking and he was sometimes following. I found a Donut King and was looking at their donuts [yesterday I really wanted donuts] and the two girls behind the counter were talking ignoring me and then just turned it all off. Everywhere was closing. At the end of the store was a Big W and I saw Ben &amp; Jerry's ice-creams but their lights were turned off and they were closing, so I walked back to leave. When I got back in my car, it was then like a 90s video game. I was driving and had people following (people who were angry about me killing this guy, because they didn't believe it was self-defence and they loved this guy for some reason) and were trying to stop me getting home. There was a map on the corner of the screen showing where I was and all the other dots for the other people (lots of them). The controls were annoying and it was hard to drive, also only had the four camera angles. I wasn't sure whether to drive home because they'd know where I lived, but as I drove I realised this game only had one location you could drive to. They kept trying to run me off the road. Then there were flashbacks to before I killed the guy; we had an AI called EDI [been playing Mass Effect 2] and she was talking to us in this room with a container thing in the middle with swirly light in it (my mind is a blank, like a 'core' or something). She seemed cautious about the guy, telling us in private, but then when he was present she 'jokingly' referred to him as 'Mr Doom' so I started calling him that. The core or whatever was unstable and the surrounding power started to glow and I yelled at EDI to fix it, calling her Wheatley at one point.