I was at home, though it occasionally flipped between looking like the old house, looking like it does and being slightly different. I had two sisters (one was Haley from Modern Family [been watching it lately]). Ezra was there as well. We could hear some weird noises and looked outside to see these flying things whooshing about. I kept looking and one started coming towards us and it was a hot air balloon full of teenage girls. They pulled out their cameras when they saw me and I quickly went back inside and locked the door. They landed out the front and came up to the door trying to get my attention. I told everyone to ignore it and they would go away. Darren opened the door and said hello and chat to them briefly. One girl said they were looking for "a down syndrome" and I thought they must've been doing a checklist thing. Mom and Darren left to walk Rover at around 9/10pm. We had a big mattress in the living room (it now looked like the old place) and the sisters and I were sitting on it, talking. It got later and later and they still hadn't returned. We were starting to get worried and I questioned calling the police but didn't. Then it looked like home again and it had been hours and I decided to go for a quick drive around the block just to check on things. I started walking towards the door when I saw a light and car coming up the driveway and I said 'Or not, they're back!' and felt relieved. But then I looked out the window and saw that it was a white limousine. I was confused, but thought it was strange so went up the hallway to my room, turning off lights. I said 'this is the strangest night ever'. I tried peeking out my window but couldn't see anything, then I heard a scream. I went back out (and now it looked like the old place again) and Haley said that a guy had come around the back and looked through the kitchen window at them. We could hear him doing stuff around the back, trying the laundry door etc. I dialled 000 and the guy asked what I needed and I said 'police' and he asked if it was urgent and I said 'uh, well not really but kind of' and he said 'no, then?' and said he couldn't help me and I said 'but there's a guy trying to get into the house and my Mom has been gone for hours' and he said he would send links to my phone on what to do. I started panicking and could hear the guy fiddling with the laundry door. Then it was back home. I grabbed the big knife at some point and went back to my room. Oh, when we were at home, my sisters were lying in Mom's bed and Ezra was nowhere to be seen. I heard the front door open and I crept out and saw a man walking towards the back room. I snuck up behind him and stabbed him. I was shocked and didn't know what to do now, then Darren walked in the front door. He seemed battered and not really upset, just happy to be home (this wasn't regarded as suspicious, just thought he was oddly calm). I asked what happened and he said they'd been attacked. He said he'd been looking for Mom for hours but couldn't find her and that she was limping (he acted out the motion of dragging one foot) and it was harder before because she had twins - which I took as meaning she was with Rover. I was relieved they were ok, and thought we should go for a drive to find them when he said that Rover had been hurt by the people and taken off and he'd run after him, but he got hit by a truck. Then he looked distraught as he said he tried to help him, but it was too late. I started crying and howling and it got worse every time I thought of his puppy-like innocence. Not long after that, Mom turned up as well and then we were all crying, but then we were like 'let's go to bed'. By this point it was early hours of the morning and wasn't that dark outside. I couldn't sleep though.