I was at home - though it was different and I lived with Dad and Ezra. We were in the lounge room watching TV and sleeping out there. I can't remember exactly what happened, but I think a sniper shot through the window at us. We had some kind of idea who it was, but I don't know why or who. I ran out into the bushes outside (it was a house in the middle of the bush, though it was still sort of local). People were chasing me and I kept running and was running over buildings and stuff. They almost caught me a few times, but I kept escaping. I ended up at this factory thing, I think it was for ice-cream or something, but it had been abandoned for years. When I went in though, it was still running which I thought was odd. I think I was then with someone else and we were trying to hide from the people and escape the building. We eventually left through the front door and there was a group of people outside. Then we ended up in this neighbourhood and broke into a house. I can't remember why we were in there and I think we were hiding from people in the house, but then it was just us two. Outside a kid and an older guy approached the house and were looking through the windows and apparently had seen us. I crept around to the back and left through a window. I climbed up this hill behind it and crept along the fence. They were walking away and I walked onto the road behind them but they saw me and then I thought that was stupid. I asked where the train station was and they pointed and I acted grateful and like nothing was up. I met up with my friend and we got on the train. The kid and the guy had followed us and sat on the opposite side of the train. I think they questioned us about what we were doing there and I said I was their niece (the wife was called Olive, can't remember the husband). Then we had actually met up with them at the house, but we were involved in something dodgy and I think there was some orgy or something, so they hadn't answered the door when the kid was there. They called the people and they confirmed that they knew us, but they still seemed suspicious. I was trying to work out what my next disguise would be and I chose a green wig, which I had worn before and had a fondness for.