I was to be stocktaking Northtown McDonald's (still in the old place) at 9.30 this morning and I woke up and it was 9.30, but then I remembered my start time had been changed to 10.30. I had done this store before and it was always just me that did it [note: we do not stocktake fast food stores]. For some reason I still got there at 9.30 and they said they couldn't actually get started until 10.30 because of something that needed to be counted with a member of staff. I left and did something for a bit and came back. The parking was split up into how long you could park there for (right outside was 1 minute, around the back it was like 8 days but it was in blocks and it had to be either multiple vehicles or a big vehicle to fit all the blocks [as if it were a video game], but I managed to convince a guy to let me park). The stocktaking at McDonald's was super secret, I had a notebook there with my name on it which had all the stocktaking info from previous ones (the earliest date was 2010). Since it was still too early, the manager guy took me around to where there were like units. It was like a university/school and one side of the building were little units (all one storey). Mine was next to his. At some point I was doing some quiz with a heap of other people, writing down answers in this book. I was wearing a Le Samourai shirt. The questions were all about films and I was answering them all easily. Two guys next to me called out and asked if they could look at my answers and I shooed them away. It was because I only had a few answers left and was rewriting them into another book (which I was going to hand over to them) and I wanted to do it in peace. They were 'teasing' me for not giving them the answers but when I finished I said 'I was going to give you the answers, I just wanted to finish it'. One of them had dark hair, the other blonde - the blonde one was chubby and more attractive, the dark hair was average build, slightly above average height and meh looking. He took an interest in me for some reason and started following me around. He followed me to the unit thing and I let him in. The manager guy came back and into his unit and I told him to be quiet because he listens. Then the manager guy knocked and I told the guy to hide, so he went into the cupboard. Manager guy said they were ready for me now and I said I'd just get my things. I closed the door and told the guy to leave after me and to leave the key somewhere. I walked out and knocked on the manager guy's door, but the guy left my room already and started walking down the other way. I distracted the manager guy for a bit with the notebook and then left. At some point later, something happened and people started going crazy. It apparently was similar to The Signal, where a transmission was setting them off and they would gradually go crazy. It also seemed that being in large groups was an issue as well. We were in a small group (including the guy from before) and had been ok so far (it was some time later now). One of the group began to 'hear' the signal and it would get louder as the group of people got bigger. We discovered the group thing when we picked up a new bunch of people and they went crazy and we started to go funny. But the other people died and then we were ok. It seemed like the group had to get smaller as time went on (and I thought that eventually we'd all have to be alone and I thought this was counterproductive for biological reasons). When we were in a house, the sound would get louder and then I suggested that it had something to do with the size of the area, so generally we were always wandering around outside. We met up with some other groups and the guy was testing his signal sound by putting us into groups and edging away and placing a new group when the sound subsided - this way we could see how far away we needed to be from each other. Then we were somewhere in America and apparently a meteor had hit my hometown. I started to cry because 'all the stuff we've worked for, all the stuff we owned, all our pets are all gone'.