The beginning was a little hazy, but I was involved in a plane crash (it didn't take off and explode or anything, everyone survived) and befriended some guy while waiting around. We'd been friends for a bit, when we were involved in another similar plane crash and I forgot most of our friendship (aside from the fact that we were friends). He also claimed to be in love with me and seemed slightly obsessed and I think we slept together occasionally. He was ok looking, but wore a thumb ring and another ring on his left hand. We were also regulars at this 'fancy' restaurant/club type of thing and I had a dress just for going there because you had to dress up to get in. I loved going there for some reason and really wanted to go tonight. We went there and sat at the table and it was very purple inside and our table was up a couple of steps on this raised platform. There was a stage where we first came in, but the curtain was closed. The menu was cheap looking and hardly had any options, all really standard stuff like steak. I was really flirty and giggly for some reason and I tapped him on the head with my menu. His hair went out of place a little bit and he got annoyed. There was a mirror behind me, so he fixed it up a little and I was giggling at him and he said 'how would you like it if I ruffled your hair?' and I said 'you can ruffle my hair tonight, if you want' and he looked at me like he was going to jump across the table and rip my clothes off and I giggled and felt slightly embarrassed and said out loud that I didn't know why I was acting that way. Later I was at Granma's house (which was different). She had quit smoking, but Mom was smoking out the back and she asked for cigarette. She had to hide it from Uncle Gabriel, who was out for the time being. After she'd taken a couple of puffs, her face looked really old and wrinkly (almost comically). She also had a dog which had had puppies a while ago, but the puppies had been given away and the dog was locked in a lounge room. She let me in to see the dog and I gave it a pat and said 'good boy', but then realised she'd had puppies, so had to be a girl. I went to leave but the door was now just a block of black wood. It had been door sized before, but was now about 2 inches wide and I didn't know how to use it I kept messing about with it and it turned into a cloth. I went to Granma and said I couldn't work the door out and the dog ran outside. She came in and grabbed the wood, which was suddenly bigger and it had folded up 3 times over, so she expanded it out and put it in place. I said I didn't see that. Later, I was at home, which was the old house except Mom lived there. The guy friend from before and I were sitting out the back talking. Mom came out and saw him and said 'hello... little guy'. I said it was my friend from the plane crash, and she said she was wondering how she didn't know him. We came inside and I lay down in the games room md he sat in the living room. We were talking over the wall about random stuff and then Mom came to the kitchen to make lunch. She said she was going to make pumpkin soup and I said 'noooo'. She didn't offer an alternative and was basically like 'deal with it'. I sulked back to the games room. She asked why I was in there when my friend was in the other room and I said I felt like laying on the floor and he wanted to sit in a chair. She made an awkward romantic/sex joke and there was a pause and then I said 'don't be creepy'. I could tell that we were both sort of thinking 'we're already having sex', but I wasn't going to let her know that.