I was supervising my first job which was a massive banquet thing. I don't remember seeing anything to actually scan, it seemed like I was just sorting out where people were sitting, and I was rushing about trying to get everything done. People (all stocktakers) were showing up and I was showing them to their assigned tables. Niles turned up and whenever he had his back turned I was making faces. He was at the dessert table and I showed him to it. Some time later he came up to me and said that he'd been talking to this like human resources person called Vicki Station saying that I stared at him 'nastily', made him feel uncomfortable and excluded him from the group and I was like wtf. I went past the tables and into this other room where there were people scanning around the perimeter and told them to download when they finished the walls. I went to find Esther and started talking to someone who'd just come out the shower with the same colour hair, and then she put her head up and it wasn't Esther so I said "... you're not Esther" and continued looking for her. I found her in a little office and told her what Niles had said. I said I didn't have a clue what he was on about because I treated him just like everyone else. I was wondering if my hatred for him was actually apparent, but I thought I was polite enough to him in the flesh. Esther wasn't sure what to do either. I had a name card on a table too and it was one spot away from Benjamin, but I thought he wouldn't make it because he's on holiday [he's on holiday at the moment], but then I saw him over the other side. The card next to mine on the other side said "Morisey" and I held it up to some people nearby and said "Is Morrisey sitting next to me?" and we joked about it. Later, at either another job or another thing, Sergio and Niles were doing the assigning and I went up to them and Sergio asked what I wanted and I said 'desserts table' and he said 'I'll put you on cigars' and I said, calmly but firmly that I didn't know anything about cigars and it'd probably be better suited to someone who could contribute to the conversation, whereas I know I can enjoy dessert and bring something to the table. He, seemingly, reluctantly put me down for desserts. I was worried they'd change it when I left.