There were lots of dust storms and the end of the world was near [saw Interstellar last night]. We lived in a different house and some guys who had been injured were staying with us. One of them had this stick which was decorated and had spikes on it. That guy was like the 'leader' and decided to revolt. We fought and fled. It ended up being four of us left at the end in this room. It was me, a guy I liked and another couple who were my friends. The room was bare and some kind of 'black hole' type of thing was sucking stuff in and throwing stuff out. It was windy because of the motion. We didn't have much longer left and we decided that the first thing it threw out that we could kill ourselves with, we would use it so we didn't have to die slowly. The guy I liked and I were holding each other in tears and we sort of admitted that we liked each other and then had sex. Afterwards, we continued to sit and wait. Somehow, we then ended up in a kind of spaceship and were saved at the last second. A computer screen showed all these different systems and planets, which lots of information about each one - the day cycle, the temperature, the general climate, average number of natural events; plus extra information about the fauna and flora, gas make up etc. One looked like Earth but with lots more water. There was a continent that looked a lot like how it would look if the ice caps had melted [I saw an artist's rendition of it once], and it said that in this continent the temperature was like -600 degrees. Most planets had major extremes - there was a tiny planet that sat around 60 degrees, yet was covered in ice. We landed on a cold planet that was in winter, but had tolerable conditions. It was covered in snow and ice. There were buildings there and we wandered into a deli. There were people frozen in there (like, aliens that looked almost just like humans and they were frozen doing stuff - one guy was reaching into an ice-cream freezer). As we walked past, they began to thaw out, though we didn't see until one of them attacked us. We ran from them and one girl seemed personally intent on getting us. She led a group after us and we ran down a corridor and we unlocked this door and hid behind windowed glass. I tried to lock the door, but it wouldn't lock and she slid a knife down the side of the door, which I grabbed and turned on her. When she didn't back down, I sliced her throat. Then a group of older people-aliens came and told them to stop. One of them was her father and was distraught to find her killed. He drove us back to the spaceship and when the others left I said I was sorry for killing his daughter, but I didn't have a choice. He seemed to understand.