Mom, Rover and I went to this place and I'm not sure what it was supposed to be, but it had a big house/mansion thing which had shops and stuff, and there were stalls outside - all along this bridge and an outside area which lead to a beach. At one point Ezra was there too and he'd taken my phone. Luna was hanging upside down in a pool (like, his legs were over the edge of the pool and he was lying in the water. This was a normal, but amusing thing for him to do and I told Ezra I needed my phone and tried to take a photo. I complained phones made it difficult because I was worried I would drop it. Luna ended up moving and I didn't get a photo. There was a pet shop section and there was a cute dog, sleeping. At first I thought it was a cat, and then it woke up and its ears went 'dog like' and it jumped out of the pigeon hole and started getting excited. I felt bad but gave it a pat and then went on my way. Mom went missing. The guy who ran the place was really shifty and I suspected something else was going on here. I grabbed Rover on a lead and went looking for her. Mom's name was 'Claire', so I was calling that as out as well. There was a group of people in this 'well', and I peeked in to see if she was there. They all disappeared, but she wasn't part of it. I kept walking and then I saw her leaning against a half wall as part of a walkway. She was the woman from American Horror Story. Her face had been disfigured and she was blind. I ran over with Rover and said 'it's Mom', but when she talked her voice sounded different (croaky and scratched), and he didn't seem to recognise her. This upset her, but I kept insisting to Rover it was Mom and he started warming up to it. She asked how bad her face was and I said it was pretty badly disfigured. I went back to the house place to find the guy. Apparently he was taking the occasional person and turning them into 'ghosts', but not really ghosts, and they would be like his slaves. I found him in a kitchen and he told me to follow him and when he walked out, I grabbed a knife and put it in my pocket. I lost him, but I was going through tunnels and one tunnel passed the back of a stage, so I walked through the curtains and he was standing on it and said 'ah, the stage ending! Only 50% of players get this far' and he gave me this sharp pointy thing. I thought it was a trick weapon, so I took out my knife and started stabbing him with it. I then used the sharp pointy thing (which was hook like) and slit his throat (it barely cut the surface). But he just lay there on the floor and it healed. I was like what. Then Mom was there too and had been healed too (it was the place?). I demanded we be let go, but he just laughed. We ran and got outside where all his 'ghost slaves' were and they went after us. He said he was going to take Rover and Mom begged him to take her instead of him and the ghost slaves just grabbed her and pulled her inside.