I was part of a group of people trying to hide/take down 'goblins'. The 'goblins' took over people's bodies/did some kind of body snatcher thing. I had this cave type of hideout (which was near other hideouts), but some goblins were nearby and I was trying to cover up some of the holes that would make it obvious it was there. However, someone called out that they were setting the area on fire, so I ran. I followed the others and we ran to this elevator outside this building. I had a guy friend, who I liked and was possibly my boyfriend but I'm not sure, and he was with me. The first elevator was full and we waited for the next. Some of our group had deserted us. We watched the floor the elevator went to and got in. The floors had extra bits, so it was like floor 38.1. We got there and there was another set of elevators, which looked like train carriages. There was a notebook there with stuff highlighted. I assumed they left a note about which floor to go to. When I finally found the hint, it was for this current floor so I assumed they had forgotten to write it. But I went outside and saw the floor it had come from, which was floor 41. So we went up. I'm not exactly sure what happened from here. The guy friend and I ended up at a petrol station, behind the counter and no-one was there. Customers came, so to keep up the pretence, I served them while the guy looked for stuff. We left and at some point we were given a car by our 'leader', and there was me, a girl and my guy friend. I'm not sure what we were, but the goblins could possibly smell us, but generally would only do so if we aroused suspicion. The guy friend and I went to some event that a friend of mine was involved with. I was talking to her and thought something was wrong. She took me outside and I turned around to see her eyes had gone a weird shade of white, surrounded by black, and I said 'are you trying to be a zombie? What are you doing?' and her eyes went back to normal and her face broke out in a red, lumpy rash. I just acted confused and annoyed and it seemed to convince her that I didn't know about the goblins (which she apparently was). I walked off, pretending to be upset at her actions, and went to find my guy friend to leave. She had realised by this point I was pretending and we had to run. The other people there seemed to be acting strange as well, and I said 'It's everyone'. We were then driving and it had been a while since we'd slept - as the goblins would locate us when we stopped. We finally found a hideout where we could relax for a bit. Our leader brought us a new car - a van, which had two rows of seats in the back and a big boot for storage. It was also apparently very good for handling corners. We were excited because it meant more room to store stuff (which we had trouble with) and could fit more people if needed.