I was stocktaking in a big clothes warehouse. There were rows and rows of clothes up to the ceilings and I was hoping someone else would have to do them because I didn't want to have to keep climbing up ladders. The supervisor of the job didn't have enough guns for everyone to be scanning at once, so some of us were wandering around trying to find something to do. At one point me and another guy were tidying up some of the floor racks that had clothes just piled on top. Later, we started taking barcodes out, and then the supervisor gave us check sheets - which was like a map of the area with houses and the houses represented something or other. There was some house where these twins lived and they had an exact copy of themselves (so 4) and each pair shared a bed. Anyway, later I was doing some more wandering, when the supervisor said we needed more people to be guarding the entrances and she referred to me as the 'sheriff' and put me at the front entrance. There were zombies or demons or something around. I wasn't particularly scared, just slightly nervous (apparently used to this). I walked back and forth for a few minutes, when I saw a group of 4 of them in a line shuffling backwards towards us (two of them had been our staff, another one of the warehouse's staff and they'd been possessed. Pretty sure they were demons since they were intelligent, but we called them zombies). I ran in and called out and said 'there's 4 in a line coming towards us!' and she told me to sound the alarm. There was a big red button on the wall and I pressed it. The alarm sounded and people just came out of nowhere grabbing weapons. I got a rifle but it had no ammo and I was still looking in the bag of ammo, putting some into the gun (it only held 2 at a time) when they entered the room. There were 2-3 entrances on each side of the building. One was near me and a demon came through and I shot him right in the head. Lots more kept coming. There was also a building next door (about 5 metres from this one, exactly the same) that sounded like they were getting slaughtered. When we'd finished them all off, we looked next door and no-one was left alive. Then shadows started going weird and these things that are hard to describe, but sort of like a stapler remover - there wasn't much to them, they were solid black and had one sharp pointer on the top and bottom. They also had this deafening squeal. They were shoving their pointers into people's legs and such and dragging them off. One stabbed me in my leg and it hurt like hell and they didn't seem to respond to the guns. I then had a knife or something which seemed to get rid of it.