I was doing a stocktake at a small-ish store. The guys who owned it were Arabs and it was a travel job and the place I was staying at was very 'Arabic' [in my head, I mean. Not actual Arabic style] - to move upstairs and such, there were these floating steps and you'd move them to jump up and across and such. I was trying to get up one, but I moved the last step too far and when I jumped across I fell. A lady and her young son were in the room and started laughing (friendly laughter, I was laughing too), she didn't speak English but said something to me. I decided to just walk straight to the place instead since I could get to it another way. I printed out the check report and there were huge numbers of coffee - it said like 'squintillion' etc. Hector was there and I thought of something funny and started giggling and he asked what I was laughing about. I said nothing and walked away a little bit, still giggling. I had to go to the toilet and went back to my room to do so. The rooms were all shared here - the rooms came in levels and in a circle so there were no real inside walls. My room had 3-4 beds. I walked in and a girl opened her phone to shine the light at me and when she saw me she went 'oh no', and I said 'sorry I have bodily functions that need seeing to' in a snarky tone and went looking for the toilet. At some point later, a guy that looked like Ioan Gruffudd was making a speech. I was lying in bed and I had this vibrator that looked like a piece of lettuce and it was easily adjustable and had it on, lying between my legs. He was someone I sort of knew. He came over to me and I tried to turn it off, but he was already crouched next to the bed by the time I switched it off. He said something to me and then went back to his speech. He said something like 'is anyone tickling themselves right now' (which made sense in the context of his speech, but I knew it was secretly aimed at me) and I put the blanket over my head and giggled. He also sent me a message saying 'I know there's a man under there, I can help you out' and then a meme-like picture of Stephen Merchant that had some kind of play on words joke about 'Slow Face Merchant' which was the name of a font and another one that was a quote from Stephen Merchant about buying something cheap.