I was at a shopping centre and 3 other girls and I were sitting on this couch. They were all friends and talking amongst each other. We had won a competition to meet Michael Fassbender? He came up to us and shook our hands (I was the last one). They were all giggling and I was laughing at their reaction. He walked away and they were commenting on how hot he was and how he walked, and then when he got a little bit away, he turned around and came back. Then there was a food place just near us and he lined up to get some food. I got up to go to the toilet and he walked by me. The girl's toilet was occupied and he went into the men's. Co-Worker-F-04 was somewhere at some point and in America there was a hat called a thong, which had two hats joined together and a bit of material hanging down at the back. I got to the conversation late and she gave me the hat to try on. I asked which hat I was supposed to put on, she took it back and showed me - the back one was actually on your head and the front one sat up slightly higher and I said 'oh yeah I've seen those rapper people wear stuff like that' and they giggled. Later I was playing this game where you could make all different choices, eventually leading to all these different endings. It was 'real' though. I ran down this hall into this area where you could train your 'agility', I reset at one point and saw someone go outside to train 'strength' and I didn't know how they got outside. When I kept 'dying', I decided to follow the other person and went outside to train strength (there were a few options, I picked one of those strong man games and hit the hammer down on the button and the thing went ding in the highest area. Then later there was this room with lots of shelves with useless stuff on them. Someone was coming in through this door and I had to hide. Sam (Supernatural) was also there and when he noticed the person coming, he climbed into a cupboard and closed the door, and I only had a few seconds to find somewhere to hide so I lay down in one of the aisles but the guy came in and switched on the light and found me (I also struggled to keep my eyes open while I was there and felt like I was going to fall asleep). I reset and tried running back into another room. There were suitcases but I didn't fit in them. I reset again and realised there was a cupboard joined to the one Sam was in. I paused and climbed up and slowly moved backwards into it. There was some stuff, including a roll of wrapping paper and I pushed it under me. The wrapping paper was between my legs and from moving back and forth I ended up coming. As I went to lock the door, the game unpaused itself. The locks didn't hold and I had to keep grabbing Sam's door and my door and closing it back up. I passed the area and continued onwards, but I can't remember what else happened.