There was a wedding going on. The bride was a French girl. I was not at the wedding, but outside on some grass nearby with some others. She walked over and she had shoulder-length blonde hair with a slight wave, light blue eyeshadow and a subtle colour lipgloss. She was average looking, but probably considered conventionally attractive. She started talking and had a weird mouth with a gap between her teeth and I thought she was ugly. I made a comment after she left that French girls are ugly. Some time later, I ended up with Esther and a girl who looked Eastern European or something like that and we went to a pub. We were scanning some fixtures on the floor with lollies and stuff, then Esther got a drink and asked if I wanted one. I was full and said no, but I'd take a pack of Salt and Vinegar chips. I then decided to get a drink and went to her and asked for a Budweiser. We sat at the table waiting for our stuff, when the guy behind the bar started spouting hate talk about women. The other girl with us started getting visibly angry and got up and confronted him. He just sort of smirked at her and she hit him with this candlestick holder thing. It made a loud 'dong' noise. He punched her and she kept hitting him. She came back over and he came over having a go. Esther said leave it alone and he started at her and I said 'oh, so we're picking on smaller and older people now' and he yelled at me. We got our stuff and got out, but he chased us and we had to run. Esther got in the driver's seat and I got in the back behind her. The other girl was far behind and I told Esther to lock the door. She got to the car and came around my side. I didn't know how to get her in the car, but then I moved across and she got in. She knocked my Wheatley bag out when she got in and I reached out to grab it and they were shouting to leave it and I said no. The guy got there as I pulled it back in and we locked the door and drove off. I was later at a shop and Trinny and Susanna or whatever were there and one of them started talking to me, asking if I wanted to stop 'sweating all the time' and I said yeah and she said "drugs?" "no" "alcohol?" "no" and some other things and then she handed me this weird looking towel, which was also a blow-up towel that heated and she said it would be effective. She was giving it to me to test but it cost $100, so after waiting a while for it to heat up I left. I was sitting on a lounge at some point and Bang-a-Boomerang came on and I was miming along and 'dancing' to it and this guy just looked at me like wtf. It ended and I said 'aw, I want more ABBA' [listening to a lot of ABBA at the moment].