I was outside with some people, in a bush-type place (though it was quite open, not many trees). This fog was hanging in the distance, but we noticed it coming closer. Someone else said to run, so we did. I had my work ladder, and other people were carrying more of our ladders. There was a young girl there as well. I couldn't run properly with the ladder. I knew we had to get to a 'save point', which was marked by an orange line on the ground. We reached it barely, the girl falling over the line and I went back to make sure she was over it and she was. It was a type of 'game' (we weren't willing participants, I'm not sure of the details), and the area was marked out with these orange lines. Then it changed slightly and the area around was actually flooded, every hour the water would fall and the walls around these areas would go down. We would then have 15 minutes to get to the next area. We were in an area that was nearing the exit (though even after we left this area, there was still flooding or whatever so I'm not sure what we were going to do) and I gave my ladder to the other guys with the ladders. They were putting them in the car, which was later under water. I was looking for my ladder, and they started pulling out the ladders but they weren't mine. Then I went underwater (it was quite deep) to check the car [I'm not sure how they got the ladders before, dream logic] and had to swim down and found the ladder under the car. I could see clearly underwater and it just looked like an underwater forest/city. In the distance I saw an area where a bridge would've been, but without the bridge and on the other side was a big group of zombies. They saw me and started climbing down (they were slow zombies). This was what the water 'protected' from - we weren't trying to escape the water, but the zombies. I went up and said they were coming and everyone started getting into action. The next area was like a house with rooms and stuff and I think wasn't affected by the time limit. Outside I could see a big shopping mall. A while later the water went away. These bad guys found us and started trying to break in. We were trying to make weapons and stuff to fight with. The mall was also full of zombies and I found it amusing how accurate Dawn of the Dead and stuff had been.