I was in the world of Brazil, except it was different and stranger. I wasn't 'from' there, but I don't know how I ended up there. Jonathan Pryce looked like Mr Dark, except was Sam Lowry except that he wasn't and I was calling him Jonathan. We were dating and his place was basically just one room - it was rectangular and not very wide, I only remember seeing the room from the bed which was at the far end, there were cupboards/wardrobes around the back wall, and then the bed was next to that but the bed was facing sideways, so the back wall was to the left of the bed. There was almost no space from the end of the bed to the side wall. At the front end was the kitchen and the door was to the left of that. There was a couch and table and some other bits in the middle. I'm not sure where the bathroom was. Anyway, I remember lying in bed in the morning and he had already left for work so I was bored and awaiting his return. I went about my day and was outside in the garden later and was wondering why he still wasn't home. This policeman type of dude was around and he came by and asked to see my ID card or whatever (for the person that lived at the house) and I said it was my boyfriend's house and gave him Jonathan's card which he scanned. He then said he'd been arrested and I was like wtf. He left and then Jonathan ended up returning but had like escaped or something. He explained what happened (can't remember), then we could hear sirens coming closer so I said we had to leave now, I grabbed my phone and left everything else - I was slightly annoyed about leaving all my stuff and I only grabbed my phone because I wanted the music on it. Jonathan had this vehicle thing which sort of flew and there was only enough room for two people so we got in that thing and were 'flying' away. It was difficult to control and was all over the place though. After being chased for a while we got caught and ended up in this underground science lab. I woke up in this passage way and walked past these rooms which all had a big glass window, door on the right and inside were big eggs. It turned out the place had been cloning dinosaurs and a few baby dinosaurs were wandering about. I saw a big T-Rex type of thing at another end and I started running for the door at the end of the passage way and started climbing up the walls. A few more T-Rex things appeared as well but they hadn't seen me yet.