I was at the Technical College, which was different and much bigger. We all went into a classroom and Ms Nowak was teaching us, but I thought it was supposed to be Screen Studies and I asked a couple of people and then someone asked her and she said Mr Hoover was sick, so she was doing a class similar to hers. Everyone left early and we ended up in a computer class. I was next to Tristan. I left the room to do something and when I came back Classmate-M-01 was sitting at my computer playing what looked like Solitaire. I went up to ask him to move and then decided to just sit at a different computer, but then I realised I was still logged on on that one so I sat in a chair and pulled up next to him and realised he was playing Runescape and I said 'no-one plays Runescape anymore' and told him to get off my computer. He slowly did and I went about my business. I was also browsing the forum. I left the room again for something and all these people had this printed out screenshot from the forum of Elmer saying something weird. I started grabbing all the pieces of paper and I was really angry and maybe embarrassed about it. I found Classmate-M-01 and yelled at him about it. Then I walked back around to the classroom and I saw Tristan sitting on a bench in a hall. I got to the classroom and no-one was there and it was locked. I went back to Tristan and he was like 'just leave it and get it tomorrow'. Then I can't remember what happened but we left the building briefly and when we returned it was like an abandoned building. Leaves were everywhere, dust covered everything, windows and walls were broken etc. It was dark and creepy. I noticed that the lighting was really bad (as if it were a film with bad lighting), but that it added to the creepiness. We returned to the classroom and there was a big woosh of wind as I opened the doors (it was like two big doors) as if they were going to shut on us, but they didn't. Everything was old in the room too; smashed windows, leaves blowing about and it was like it hadn't been touched in years. I got my bag from under the desk I was at and we went to leave. Not sure what happened next but we were outside and Tristan had been acting weird and then he was evil and was doing this evil grin and it was really dark so I couldn't see his face, just a bit of his chin and the rest was under exposed from the bad lighting. I was trying to get away from him but didn't know where to go.