I was in class, but everyone kept leaving and some guy was going to McDonald's and was going to get everyone breakfast, but then he only had 20c left, so I opened my wallet and had lots of coins, so gave him a whole bunch of 20c and 50c and said I wanted a plain Sausage McMuffin and as he walked out I added 'and a hash brown'. When I went back to class I noticed everyone had gone (Tristan and a few others had left with the McDonald's guy). I was annoyed I hadn't gone now. The teacher asked if I wanted to talk to Cecelia and I said 'where is she' and she was lying under a table I was standing next to. Cecelia shook her head and I said to the teacher that 'I think Cecelia needs to work things out on her own'. Some time later I was told the guy was back and I went looking for him and found him outside somewhere. I had to keep asking people where he was and they kept referring to my McMuffin as "Izzy's pancakes" which confused me. When I finally found him, it was a muffin. Some people were playing with one of those things that spins a tennis ball around and you hit it. I ate my muffin in my car and I took off my bra for some reason. I was trying to put it back on, but people kept coming up to me. I tried to hide it and then when I got a spare moment was trying to get it on. I ended up driving to this toilet which was called the philosophical something because it had philosophical quotes on it, but the seats were sinks and were up high. I sat on the floor of a cubicle trying to get the bra done (the cubicles were tiny), and I also needed to pee badly but the seats overflowed with water and were dirty, so I was using paper towel to dry it off. People were peeking in through the main door and asking why I was on the floor and what was wrong. I jumped up and said I was drying the toilet seat and they were all like 'oh she's ok' and came piling into the toilet, taking the other cubicles. I got out of that one and went into the shower cubicle as it had a higher door. People still kept harassing me and watching me and I ended up screaming at this one girl saying 'I will literally kill you'.