I was in this house but people from class were there. Most of them were sitting around a table in a kitchen, which was also the main room/where the front door was. It was morning, but it was really dark. I went to check my phone and I had almost no battery and realised the cord must've fallen out last night. Because it was 'morning', I needed the phone for the whole day and then for Good Advice later. I asked if anyone had a Windows phone charger and Fernando said he did, but his phone looked strange so I asked to look at the input and it was almost the length of the phone and completely different. I tried to call Mom so she could bring it but either she wouldn't answer or the signal was going funny. I went outside and was walking up and down the street trying to call. It was very dark and definitely looked like night. A man's voice from the shadows said 'are you a boy or a girl?' and I quickly walked back to the house. Finally there was an answer on the other end but it was a creepy guy's voice. I checked the number stored in my phone and it looked strange, so I tried calling her number but couldn't remember what it was. Then there were also two kids at the house, but they went missing. I turned my back for 3 seconds at one point and when I turned back around they were gone. As we looked for them, other people went missing. We closed the front door, which we had had open, but people were still disappearing. Soon, only three of us were left. The lights kept turning off and we had to keep turning them on. I suggested we make sure we're always touching or in sight, but one of the guys went around a corner and disappeared. The other guy and I held hands and I switched on the kitchen light and I went to close the kitchen door which had opened again, but he went around the corner to close another door and we lost grip for a split second, but when he grabbed my hand again it was really tight and when I walked back to see him, it was this scary person with white hair (kind of spiky out to the sides), with dark rings around their eyes and a kind of 'dead' looking face. I tried to scream, but no noise was coming out except for a couple of squeaks. I started to wake up, but not quite so I kept trying to force out a scream to wake myself up and eventually did.