I rewatched The Babadook but it was a different movie; a guy was alone in his house and it was dark and stormy outside. He could hear this banging outside and he thought someone was out there messing with his head. It kept cutting to these 'flat' 2001 A Space Odyssey-like images of the sky and clouds, in different colours (purple was the most prominent), with lighting flashes and thunder. At the end of the film, it turns out the banging was a plastic bag attached to a fence that was blowing around in the wind. But it had been so tense and you were sure someone was trying to get in. I then 'woke up' and was telling someone about the dream and how it was such a cool story, so I was going to write it into a script. Then I was somewhere with Tristan and Cecelia. Tristan had cupcakes and gave us one each. They were really nice cupcakes. There was a room with a bunch of my stuff in storage and Cecelia wanted to look at it and she pulled out an old school book which said 'year 16' but it was from 2003, but I had quotes from How I Met Your Mother on it, although they were made up quotes like 'Marbles'. She said she thought it was a surprisingly good show for most of it and I agreed. We went to a cinema and I saw a movie and then was packing up all my stuff and was going to go buy a ticket for The Martian, when the people for the next session - which was The Martian - came in, including Cecelia, so I pretended I already had a ticket and just sat back down. Later, I was walking on the road and I wasn't sure where I was. There was rain coming and there were these 'blocks' in a column which showed what kind of rain each bit held. There were lots of alternating purple ones and I wasn't sure what that meant and was worried it was an electrical storm. There were a few sparse houses on one side of the road, but there was a 'blow up' toilet on the other, I ducked into that as the purple block hit and it was just 'lots of rain'. But I couldn't close the door and had to try and hold it shut and the rain kept coming in and hitting me. I was also trying to get my phone out to call Mom to get me, when I saw a police car coming past, so I ran out to the road and waved my hands and he stopped. I quickly looked back into the toilet to see if I'd left anything and he started taking off, but I started running down the road after him and he stopped again. I got in and there were some other people in there. I quickly explained that I was lost and couldn't contact my Mom, but they were in a rush to get somewhere so didn't really care. Not sure where we went from there. Later, I was in with Cecelia, Tristan and Juniper. Juniper was a vegetarian and wanted us to join her in some protest thing. We were in some place with chickens. Rover was there and he picked up this fat chick (which was brown/black and bigger than a regular chick) by the feathers on its back and I told him to put it down and he brought it over to me and put it on my lap as if it was a present. I thought it was cute. All these chickens were scheduled to be slaughtered next month and Juniper wanted us to stop it. Then I was in a car with Tristan, Cecelia and maybe someone else. We were on a long drive in the middle of nowhere and were stopping at every petrol station. We got to one and these 2 guys - one blonde and one black haired - came and Cecelia had dated one some time ago. They were douchebags. They turned up at the next one as well, and we noticed they had a gun. My card wasn't working and Cecelia had to pay for something for me that was $20.10. We got back to the car and they 'jokingly' held the gun up at the car. We were worried they would do something at the next station. Then there was another car with Technical College people, including Jolene, but their car was full of Skittles and something else, so a bunch of them piled into ours and then we were squished. We then were on a lake and in a boat. They were throwing things at us from another boat. They were all lying down paddling and I hid behind this thing at the back. They realised we were hiding and got these long sticks and punctured the boat and were trying to get us with it. I got hold of it and hit him with it and he went flying. I kept hitting him and he was hitting other things and his legs and arms were all bent back and he was covered in blood. Eventually he was dead.