We were waiting in a classroom, which was just this big room with not much in it. Fletcher had posted a picture of a bunch of us, including Brock, and Brock sent him a message to ask to take it down because it was a bad picture of him. He looked different in it. People were lying on the floor, and I lay down too and I said it looks like we've all just crawled up and died. Tristan took a photo of us. Then Mr Norcross finally arrived and we had to go to this computer lab to look at our footage from The Interview [assessment was on Friday]. I went to sit next to Fletcher, but someone took the chair as I went to sit down. I grabbed another seat. Tristan was last in and had to sit away from us. The computers were old and I was like 'what is this, Windows 98?' and then saw it was Windows 95. Because they were so old they couldn't run the software to look at the footage and we had to load up something else instead. I couldn't remember how to do anything and I had to go to some setting and choose 'full bean', which loaded up a list of applications. Then I was playing a game which was playing out in real life. It started with you out the front of a huge mansion/house. It was a game which had multiple storylines and endings. I first went left into the forest and into this little house. It was then night and also dark inside. The house was against a wall, but the front side of the house was all windows. It was only one room, the front door went to a little kitchen which then opened out to a living area. A warning came up to say a werewolf was outside and I tried to stay still but it noticed me and I failed. For the next start I went into the house. I was running through this open space which looked sort of like halls of a shopping centre. I went into this room and Sam Raimi was in there. He was like part of the game. He was talking about being in some movie when he was younger and not being adorable and I said 'oh Sam Raimi, you are adorable'. Then there were these creepy people at the door - they were wearing masks and had this long hair. I was trying to climb to this top shelf. I got up there but then the stuff on the shelf was suddenly those heads with the mask and hair and I was thrashing my arms about knocking them all off and I reset. I went back to the little house in the woods and this time crouched down on the floor, hiding behind the fridge and the cabinet. The werewolf came and was sniffing around and then someone came and shot it. It suddenly became day and the werewolf changed back to a human, but was dead.