I went to some science school thing. It was very secure. I was in the lobby area and no-one was there. I looked behind the desk area, which had a glass window showing another area, and I saw a guy walking away from me. I knocked on the door and he turned around and looked at me. He explained to us they'd accidentally released some zombie virus. I can't remember exactly what was said, but it was contagious through a weird way. It could be instantly transferred through a bite or whatever, but you could get infected and it wouldn't take hold until a certain thing set it off (think it had something to do with a kind of food). He couldn't leave the quarantined area because he was infected, but it hadn't been set off. We left and walked past another area of the school where some of the scientists seemed to be just working as usual and we realised it had only just happened. As we were leaving we saw zombies coming out of the area and we got to this huge shopping centre. At the top was some kind of helicopter ride. We started making our way up there and as we got a few storeys up, we saw the zombies starting to come in to the shop. We got to the top and they said they had one more space in a helicopter and my group sent me. But they let me and this guy, who was my boyfriend or something, on and still had another spot, which they didn't fill. The helicopter started flying and flew out this window, but then it stalled and started to fall. This had happened before and I grabbed a railing on a building outside and this gave it enough time to start spinning fast enough to fly. When we came back from the ride, everybody was gone. We collected a few chocolates and things from the shop and went outside. I said "it's a ghost town" and started singing the song 'Ghost Town' by The Specials. We wondered if it was because we were in a 'desert town' and had gone to find more people or if they would come out at night or something. We did come across some at some point and found these outside showers and covered ourselves in water because we thought they wouldn't see us and they didn't seem to be able to, but we were worried it would evaporate quickly.