I was at the McDonald's on Beaufort street, except it was different and I was in America. Rover was also with me. There were lots of dogs there and they all looked very similar to Rover. It was very busy, and I found a seat outside at a little table with an umbrella. I saw Harvey Keitel walking around and he had this weird ring on his little finger. He came over to me and said something and chuckled. He was talking to me for a while and then we talked about Rover. I think I came back a second time and he was there again. This time I was trying to point out which one was Rover but I couldn't tell. He said 'you couldn't even tell which one's your dog' and I said 'yes I can, I just haven't found him yet'. When I did find him, Keitel made Rover follow him into this truck and took off. I tried to chase it, but it was too fast. I think I then 'woke up' and kept reciting the dream in my head, especially the fact it was at McDonald's Beaufort street, but in America. Then it kept like melding between reality and the dream. There was a picture of me, Fletcher, Tristan and Frederick where we were in a room and had posed in positions that were also reflected in the mirrors, so there were 2 of us. Except for Frederick, who was in the window. We were talking in a group on Facebook and Fletcher posted a link to all these notes I'd written which had been private and I had no idea how he got them. One was a list of the guys in my class from one year, ranked in attractiveness and other things like that. I deleted it and was like wtf. I had a message from Mason on Facebook, to a group we were in but I didn't remember being in that group, and was complaining about a job he got put on which was putting bottle caps onto bottles, which he implied I was also on. Then I was on a job with Hugo, who looked younger and shorter and because I knew it was a dream world [I wasn't lucid, I'm not really sure what it was] I tried to change him to look like he normally does. But he kept noticing his height changing so I was trying to be subtle about it. Then we were trapped where we were and needed to stay somewhere. There was this school place with dorms that we could stay in. The guy one had a lot of bunk beds around the walls, but no-one was sleeping on the top ones. We soon discovered it was because of this horrendous wind that came blowing every now and then. It was blowing as I left that one to go the girl one. The girl room was a lot smaller and had less beds. There weren't any free, so I had to wait for a new one.