I'm at a place that's some kind of institution, and I either work here or am studying here, either way it's where I spend my time. There's a lot of Life Training people here, and yoga people. First I go to a kind of arena, and take my place in the stands near the front. Sue is nearby and we say something to each other, I don't know what's going on out in the arena itself. Shortly it seems to be lunch hour, and everybody breaks up and goes places. All very casual, people just drift away. I stand talking to somebody for a few minutes. Then I'm at a kind of concrete ramp-affair, like you might find in a parking lot. The corner of the ramp goes up and around, and the sides are open from about shoulder height so you see sunlight and trees and all. There are quite a few people about, including Sue, and I tell her about a conversation I just had with somebody, and I tell her his name, which she finds hard to believe, but I insist once or twice,, and then start to say, "You know, the guy who used to work with you", but stop short because I realize that it was Bill Wold instead of who I said after all. I'm embarrassed but amused and I tell Sue I've remembered that the person I'd said was wrong, but I'd tell her later who it was. So I settle down on the floor with a blanket or a mat of some kind, and set it up just under the turn of the ramp where the upper part creates a real deep slant to the lower part, and I'm going to do some exercises. I'm not sure I meant to at first, but after I get settled I just think I'll try sitting up and reaching for the upper-thing, since it's so close. I'm lying so that I'm on a slant, with my head down. So as I reach up, I come up easily enough, hands straight out, but they have to bend soon because of the wall. Then back down again, hard but I can do it. I continue to do this for quite a while, and one or another people come to talk to me, including George, whom I'd rather not see because I don't want him to watch me do this. I'm not doing it to "work out" anyway, but for fun and to see how long I can. George, having seen me do this, decides to set up some kind of an exercise in the vicinity, which involves him being behind a curtain, and the other people laid out in rows that remind me of streets. I at first think I'm taking part in this but am not very enthusiastic. Then I see by the clock (that I never noticed before) that it's 1.10 and my lunch hour's over anyway. I start to pick up my things and go.