I was with Eric (True Blood) and we were investigating something. We were in this building and went into this arcade type place, but it was dark and just had a bunch of private booths down one side and airplane seats on the other. I walked down and saw a machine at the end had been destroyed. Eric hadn't seen it and said it looked like no-one had been here until I pointed it out. There was another person with us as well. We slowly walked down the aisle checking the booths and seats and when we got to the end, a dog jumped out and started attacking Eric. For some reason he was unable to shake him off and he couldn't heal himself from dog bites. I tried to hit it away but felt sad about hurting the dog and couldn't do it. The other girl felt the same, so Eric managed to pull it away enough for us to cut it a tiny bit and then he ripped it off and killed it. I apologised and said I just couldn't hurt an animal and he didn't seem too annoyed. There was a clue to whoever it was we were looking for and we left. There was a hotel nearby and we asked some questions there. There was an information screen and Eric told me to search for him and I started writing in Alexander, then started writing Eric Northman but kept making mistakes when typing Northman. It found him anyway and it had all this information about how he was this famous viking dude hundreds of years ago. He left to go investigate a room. The other girl was now a clone of me and she asked me if we should get a room (so we could spend the night with Eric, and we were dating him so it wasn't a new thing) and we approached Eric and he was like 'ah, only the two of you' referencing a time when there had been two clones. We started booking out the room when these people cut the power for some reason. We thought it meant the guy was in the building and I think there was an explosion or something somewhere else. We kicked into gear again to find him and I was annoyed because I really wanted to have sex. On our way to wherever we went next I was thinking about how the clones kept dying (and that possibly I was one too) and being replaced, so even though we were dating he was never really with the same person.