I was at 'home' which was a massive place with 2 storeys and I think I was babysitting and had other younger siblings. I text Mom to say that Cuddles had scratches on her shoulder. I heard a noise outside and we formed a conga line with me leading and I got a knife from the kitchen and walked back around avoiding windows. I heard a person out there trying to get in so I turned the TV on and then heard them saying on the phone that the TV was on but they couldn't see anyone. We were hiding and saw them walk past a window. They tried to get in somewhere and a long glove was hanging down and I cut through it with a knife and it fell apart but there was no arm inside it. Then I saw a guy sitting on a lounge in an office upstairs and I went in and sliced his throat but nothing happened and he said he was invincible and that this was a game and whoever 'won' (ie survived) by sunrise would go back to hell with him. It could only be one person and everyone else would die. I ran out. He slowly killed us one by one. He could sometimes control people and got this old lady to put 'menthol' in the oven and then try to take it out and burned her arms and then she put her face in there too. Then we were casually sitting in a room with him and he was normal looking but had devilish type of features. I could draw and had his notepad with lots of good sketches in it and I tried to sketch him but I kept getting distracted. Fletcher was there so I told Fletcher to sit at the table and I tried to draw him and he kept moving but was looking at me and when I tried drawing the side of his face, we almost made eye contact and I felt weird and stopped. Later we escaped the house and ended up in this place with a ghost train. There were only a few of us left and Fletcher decided to sacrifice himself for me and I said no don't be stupid and he did his serious nod thing and I was crying and really upset and I said "why?" and he was like "you know why" and he stayed behind and I ran the other way still crying. I went on the ghost train with some other girls who were my friends and got off at the end and we were outside and the sun was coming up. We were walking in a crowd of people and we were like 'we're going to make it' and as the sun came out, the sun suddenly turned black and smokey and we realised literally only one of us could be alive. I was determined to survive now, even though I was the guy's favourite. I ended up back at the house and he said 'you always win' and showed me a book with photos of me in the past but it was now a movie and my part was played by Jennifer Lawrence. She was younger and looked kind of rebellious with dark eyeshadow. He said she normally worked out to do telekinesis much sooner and she was confused. She 'won' and I think defeated him and stood triumphantly.