I was at the Technical College, which was different, and Tristan had to do some test. Our Thursday classes were a bit of a jumble, although we still had editing in the morning and I was thinking about skipping it. I was walking somewhere a bit later and saw Fletcher about to jump on a train and I called out to him and he stopped. He was excited to walk with me. We went to this busy pub and Brock was there. Fletcher admitted to having read a journal of mine and my heart dropped because I realised he knew I knew that he liked me and various other things [coincidentally, Fletcher gave me a letter this same day admitting his feelings for me]. He brushed over it though and I didn't get a chance to ask him about it. We went outside and somehow a fire started and because the pub was made of wood it caught fire very quickly. I was worried about Brock, but we found him in the crowd that evacuated. Some time later, there was a zombie somewhere. It got killed instantly, but I knew this was the start of the apocalypse. I decided this place near the sea would be a good place to settle, so I went to get people to take with me. I first went to Tristan and his he was with his father, who was in a caravan. We were waiting for him when he made this screaming noise and came out and shot himself in the head. It looked like he had been zombiefied. A couple zombies came around the corner (they were fast) and we killed them somehow and got in the car. I went past the Technical College to find Fletcher and stopped in the middle of the path and yelled at him to get in. I said 'the zombie apocalypse is starting'. We went to this house/apartment for some reason and we got attacked while there but this girl came and shot the zombie and we invited her along. We ended up at this dormitory place and were hunkering down there for a while. We had more than enough people that could fit in one car, so we were deliberating on where to get a bus or van from. One girl was downstairs looking for clothes, but had left the curtains open. I found her and told her off and said people could see in. She then went to turn on a light but I switched it off as quickly as she turned it on (it made a flicker though). I told her to lock the door and saw movement outside. We quickly ran back upstairs and I peeked out the window and saw the streets littered with looters. The others were sleeping but I woke them to say we might have company. The next day we were driving through the streets and it was just normal business. We were discussing why and suggested that most people were just sick at the moment and in a few days all the people coughing would turn. I realised I'd been coughing and joked that if I turn, just kill me instantly.