I was friends with these 3 guys (all looked between 20-25) and had been for a long time but I'm not quite sure how everyone was related. The three of them had special powers to go to 'The Middle' where they could morph into any creature and do other things. The 'leader' was called Karl and he had sort of Nordic features. Another was quite fat and the other looked like Tom Hiddleston and had medium-length black hair (very similar to Loki's). I can't remember what his real name was but his 'Middle' nickname was Table. I had a crush on Table and I was pretty sure he liked me. He was kind of like the 'rebel' though and kept using The Middle to do things, at one point he went to a zoo and 'stole' a leopard and tiger. The guys were disappointed and said 'you'll be on camera' and he just shook his head and looked regretful and they realised he'd used The Middle. If they used it too often they could be lost in The Middle or something, but they could also become masters of the power. They were saying they were "50% human" and said they should just focus on being human for now. I lived with them and we all shared a room with a single bed each. Karl was at the very end next to the wall, then the fat guy, then Table, then me closest to the door. We were in bed and just sort of talking but Table decided to sleep on the floor so got rid of his bed and put the matress on the floor at the end of the other beds. He invited me to join him and I thought about it. We had shared a bed before and were comfortable with each other. I threw a pillow at him and he giggled and then I got up to join him. They made a little jokey fuss about 'getting into bed with your boyfriend'. I put my pillow next to his on the left side and he moved over. I got under the blanket, facing him, and he put his arm around me and my shirt had ridden up a bit and he brushed it down first. I rested my hand on his side. We were both wearing socks and he was rubbing his foot on my foot. We were very close and he was also kind of giving me Eskimo kisses. Eventually we began kissing and he got up a little to shift me underneath him but I could feel the feet of the 'fat guy' who had also switched to a mattress but had just left it in place of the bed. He woke up and it was now Frederick and he was like 'oh Izzy's getting lucky' and we changed positions so Table was hugging me from behind and Frederick started going around us taking photos. He eventually got bored and went back to bed. Table hugged me tightly and was kind of spooning me.