I was in a mansion type of place. It was a huge house with lots of storeys and basement levels. I worked there somehow, I think. They had made or captured this Godzilla type of monster which they called the 'fog breathing dragon'. They planned to set it on the public and I knew but couldn't say anything. I was in a basement level when it got out and I hid and watched it walking up towards the main level, but then it stopped and walked back down into darkness. I panicked because I didn't know where it was and where it was going. I was trying to find somewhere to go to hide from it. I went outside and there were a few people just chatting and being normal so I assumed it was still inside. I was looking around for an entrance to another part of the mansion (there were other separate buildings too). I saw Emmanuel walking towards the place so I waved him over and quickly explained and said we had to hide. We found an unlocked door and went in. There were a few people inside and it wasn't a great hiding spot, so we left. I could now see some fog near the main part of the mansion and realised it was out. We kept going into places and leaving. We went into a house but people were actually there making out in the lounge room, so we snuck past and left through the back door - which had two chains on and I had to quickly and quietly take them off. We jumped over the fence into this alley. We found a display home and I thought that was perfect. There was no door handle, just a sliding door. As we walked in, two couples turned up and came in as well. I tried to make small talk and said I was just having a look. They asked if I had a boyfriend so I pointed to Emmanuel to shut them up. They asked if we had kids and I said no. I thought maybe they were trying to make it sound like they were more deserving of the home. I was looking around at the rooms. The main bedroom had a little changing area for babies and a baby was on it and almost falling off, so I grabbed it and moved it to the pillow. A guy who I assumed was the father came in and I told him it was falling off and left. I said we should leave and we got in a car. There was lots of fog in the distance. Tristan was with us now too. We started driving and going down the road we could see the fog trail leading up to the road where we were going. I said we just had to go. We got to the main road and we could see it close by on the left. I put my foot down on the accelerator and turned right. There was a bit of traffic though. I drove to this theatre place at the top of a hill, thinking it would be the safest place. We went in and there were lots of rooms and people around. We were trying to find some guy that was performing and looking for his dressing room, but there were too many staff members around for us to check. We were in a hallway with a food cart which had prawns and other things on it. Tristan saw his grandma and started talking to her and she was like 'oh it's good you're here with friends' and I got impatient and they finally said bye.