I was at the Technical College in some class. We were on a bridge and Anaya was there and did something to annoy me. Some other people had annoyed me as well so I went to Mr Hoover's office to complain. There was a queue and then I was next. I was really angry. Fletcher came with a piece of paper and I was ignoring him for some reason and Mr Hoover called him in and I said "I was next" and he said that it would only take a second. He handed him the piece of paper and then I went in. I started saying 'I was in class and Anaya was annoying the hell out of me' and he seemed shocked, then I realised it had been a dream and I went 'uh, I just realised it was a dream' and we both laughed. I said 'never mind' and left. I felt better now and talked to Fletcher as normal. Someone asked me what my Gronk film was about and I explained it was meant to be that the three people were dead and the bar was limbo and after they realised they were dead the bartender led them to their final destination. I explained the final product was a mess and he agreed. I was somewhere with Tristan and Reuben came and had his hands in his pants and said that he just walked around masturbating and no-one noticed. He was then shaking people's hands. Then we had to meet in this outside area and get into groups of about 30. Mr Hoover came and said he was giving us some black students and about 5 of them joined us. Then all the groups met up in this big area. He told everyone to get into a circle, going girl boy girl boy, and hold hands. Tristan was on my left and Frederick on my right. I felt uncomfortable about holding hands but went through with it anyway. I wondered where Emmanuel was as I'd prefer him to Tristan and was glad Fletcher was somewhere else. We then had to separate and the girl had to go behind the two boys and then put our hands on their backs. I refused to touch them so hovered my hands behind them and the exercise was a 'trust' exercise where they would fall back. We just didn't do it. Then we had to go with different partners and Mr Hoover randomly paired me up with someone else. There was more physical contact involved and I refused to do it. I just sat down and ignored the person. There were a couple more that I also just ignored. I went ahead to the next area and it had this little grassy/forest area and then a temple at the bottom. I ran to the temple and went behind some columns and stayed in the shadows. But some people had seen me and this girl started coming towards me trying to touch me and I put my hand into a fist and said I would punch her in the face if she touched me. She left and I joined the others in this room with a bunch of tables and I sat down at one at the front. There was some kind of number puzzle on a piece of paper. Brock sat down at mine and asked if I was having fun yet and I said no. Mr Hoover said that he forgot to see if there was anyone who disliked physical contact and I put my hand up as did a lot of others, including Fletcher who was near the back. I ended up back at the temple area and it was like a game. There was a T-Rex standing over me and I ran and tried to run into some bushes to hide but rocks blocked most of them (like it would in a game). I finally found this big leafy bush and hid under the leaves. It couldn't see me and stopped chasing me, but then started eating the leaves. I could see it through the leaves (a game mechanism) and it was getting really close and I thought it was buggy because I couldn't escape now.