I went to the editing class today and it was different [attending a different editing class today]. There were desks organised around the teacher's desk, but they didn't have computers and then all the computer desks were in another corner. I sat the desk next to the teacher's desk and waited. Fletcher came in and sat next to me. Reuben and Emmanuel were also in this class. I ended up moving to another spot and Fletcher followed. He also gave this huge 'book' of notes and papers to someone and it turned out it was an OHS report or something he had done for them. I was thinking he needs to stop doing people's work for them. Tristan came in at one point and I pretended to hide under my desk. He spotted us and said something or other and left. I then realised it was Saturday and I said 'you have class on a Saturday?' and Fletcher said it was because it was full at all other times during the week. Teacher-M-01 came in and made everyone sit together around him. There were lots of people and he said everyone had to tell a story. I was looking away and he said 'how about we start with Poppa's girl?' and I got a chill and turned around and was like 'what? How do you know about that?' and he said 'I saw it on the family car' and everyone nodded like it made sense and I said 'yeah but I've met you once, months ago'. I said I didn't have any stories and he said it didn't have to be recent. Fletcher said 'lots of stuff has happened, oops you can't talk about that, what about moving to England'. So I said 'oh yeah, when I was 13-' and Teacher-M-01 interrupted and said 'that's a young age to move' and I said 'no, that's later. When I was 13 I really wanted to live in England. When I was 18, I thought I could do it so I got a job and I was also studying at the time. When I was 22 in 2013 I moved there and lived for about 9 months'. He seemed satisfied with that and then asked if everyone had done something on their blankets from last week. Fletcher and I moved to sit on this couch and his blanket was this weird abstract type thing with lots of dots in patterns and it was purple. He covered himself up in it and I borrowed a yellow blanket to put on me. There was a fishtank thing with a decorative thing in the middle and when you looked at it from the side everything looked squished and small for comical effect. There was some squid type thing that kept hanging around at the corners waving one tentacle about.