A zombie-type virus had wiped out a lot of people. The zombies were all underground though and hadn't yet come into contact with us. Something was happening to the atmosphere which was forcing us to all go underground. I was at the shop with a group of people, including Mom. They were getting food, mostly canned food. I was bored and then she asked if I wanted chocolate and I grabbed a bunch of chocolate, including a big bag of Ferrero Roche's. Later I noticed my bag had been opened and another lady shopping said she wanted some and I said 'you could've just grabbed your own bag' and I showed her where they were and she apologised. I got a new bag for myself. We went down a couple of levels and each level had a trapdoor. We would then explore the entire level to make sure it was clean. We got to one and were listening for noises. We carefully opened the trapdoor and it all these flaps covered in blood. It had filled with water and a guy floated to the top but was still alive. We pulled him out and could hear hissing and zombie noises coming from down there and we thought it was odd they were underwater. It was all flooded except for the first 2-3 levels and we wondered how everyone was supposed to fit. Later we were somewhere else. We had a random mix of people. There was a blonde Scottish lady, kind of mousey librarian looking. There were a few actors, one called Iain Softley. One of the guy's I was kind of friends with got excited when someone said we had a new addition to the group who was a girl and it was big news for everyone. I took issue with it and asked why it mattered if it was a girl. He said 'because we're guys. It's someone new to look at'. I said it makes no difference, girls and guys are the same. He said 'yeah but we like anal' and I shouted 'so do girls!'. I didn't know what the relevance of this point was. I was thinking about the guys we had in the group and came to the conclusion there was only one I found attractive and a couple more that I would sleep with if I had to.