I was in the UK and I had my car there. I was reversing out of a parallel park and my car started sliding and it hit this fancy old car. I quickly reversed and took off because I was scared it would cost me too much. Then we were at the Technical College. Our class was doing a production for a music video. Tristan made a list of all the people and their roles, Anaya and another person were put down as potential directors, and someone I didn't recognise as editor. I was just in 'unassigned'. I got angry and started asking why I hadn't been put in a role I wanted, or at least considered. Someone said there had been a meeting and I said I never heard about any meeting and if I wasn't editing or directing I wasn't going to participate. He changed it and put me as director. I calmed down and said my problem wasn't that I hadn't gotten a role that I'd wanted, but that I hadn't even been considered or asked. I was later walking outside and bumped into Fletcher. He stopped me and said hello and apologised for ignoring me saying he had a lot on his mind. He was being really awkward but I was glad he was talking to me again. Later some of us (about 5 girls) got taken down to this basement area by Mr Hoover. There were little artifacts and such. There was a table with containers under glass of 'disgusting' things. The only one I remember was an 'ectopic pregnancy' and it was like blood and a little fetus thing. All the girls had a look and got disgusted and walked away. I was fascinated by it and used the magnifying glass on all of them to get a closer look. There was a door nearby with a little window and I had a quick peek from far away and were told it was the doorway to hell and Satan was in there. A light in there came on and you could see a silhouette on the far wall of a big horned creature. One of the girls looked in and he opened the door and invited her in. It then turned into a kind of movie and he sat her on a chair and immediately got this knife and sliced the top of her face and cut it off. It was very graphic and bloody. He kept her alive and asked what her biggest regret was/what she felt guilty about and then healed her face and told her to go and repent or he would reverse the effects. He did the same to another girl. I was worried I'd get asked to come in because of the car thing earlier.