I was in editing class, which was different. The room was bigger and more spread out and the computers were all around the edge (and were PCs and old-ish). It was kind of L-shaped (but like a fat, squashed L), with the door at the top of the L, and in the little nook was the computer I liked. But it wasn't there, so I took the one next to it, though I made a comment that my computer was gone. Malcolm McDowell was our substitute for the day. He was a lecturer at the Technical College and although we had no classes with him, had had him as a substitute before. As I was busy complaining about my computer being gone and sitting at another, everyone had been told to have a break and it was just me and Tristan left in the classroom. I said I had already finished cutting Box and was going to leave early to print stuff at the library and would get a break then. I started to say that it was distracting having Malcolm McDowell as a teacher but he walked back in and I cut my sentence short. Everyone came back in and Fletcher came in and wanted to use the computer Tristan was on. He seemed frustrated/stressed as usual and didn't look at me. Tristan moved over to another computer and Fletcher started importing something and left. You could see the video playback and it was all this footage of people in a lecture theatre, filmed from behind them. Frederick appeared in one of them. Tristan's monitor broke somehow and he grabbed the glass and cried out 'ow' and Malcolm McDowell, in a joking/weird way said 'what a fucking arsehole' and we laughed. Tristan asked me to go get him some chair and I said 'what chair?' and he started having a go saying 'just get the chair' and I got angry and said 'I don't even know what chair you're talking about or where it is, so I don't know what you want me to do' and he pointed out it was some chairs that we had been near earlier that were at the 'front' of the school. I left and was walking down this 'hall' (outside, but undercover and paved). I saw Fletcher coming but walking backwards, so I stood behind him with my hands out to stop him but he turned at the last second and I laughed. The conversation was a bit awkward. He said we hadn't seen each other in a while and implied that I'd been ignoring him and I said 'I thought you were busy, so I left you alone' [haven't seen him or spoken to him in a while]. He said 'I could never ignore you' and I felt more awkward. We were standing in front of the windows to the class and I noticed everyone watching and felt more uncomfortable. He said 'I'll walk with you' and I said I was getting some chair for Tristan. We walked off and past a few people who were sitting in another room, including Claudine, and she made a jokey signal that she was jealous we got out of class.