There was a trip for 20 people to go 'the moon'. It was leaving at a specific time and a group of us from the Technical College decided to go. Tristan and Hubert were there. We were just walking from the Technical College and got to the building which was like a hotel, but then Hubert and I realised we'd forgotten our wallets so we ran back to get them. As we reached the top of the building we saw the shuttle in the distance and it was a couple minutes past the departure time and we saw the shuttle take off. We were disappointed and made our way back down the ladder. We bumped into a lady who asked if we had wanted to go and she said they could send just us two. She had a clipboard with notes and asked what we would like to do there. I said I used to study to be a vet so could do something with medicine, or that I also liked numbers so could do financing. She seemed annoyed at me. Hubert said something media-related. She quickly began organising for us to leave and I told Hubert it seemed odd that they would want to send just two people but he didn't listen to me. Then we were there, though I don't think it was the moon now but some other planet. The inhabitants were human looking, but usually had strange fluoro warpaint type of makeup styles. They gave me a room which had a bed and TV etc, and was quite nice (it was just a bedroom I think). I was watching TV one night and it had Foxtel but it had lines through it and the reception was really bad. I went to bed and heard a noise and when I opened my eyes I noticed my 'door' (which was like electronic) had been turned off. I turned it back on and went into my bathroom and I walked out to see the 'leader' guy in there and he said he was in love with me and wanted to have sex and I said no. He said that on this planet when someone felt that way about someone it meant the other person felt the same and I said that's not how it works. He said that he had these 'feelings' about me that weren't like normal feelings so it meant I had to feel the same. I said something like 'I have those feelings about Stephen Merchant, and only Stephen Merchant'. I ran out of the room and ended up in his room which was next door. I left there and ran to this place where there were people I knew. There was a guy I kind of liked called Doss or something and I saw through the window a guy having sex and I hoped it wasn't him and I looked into the room next door and that guy was having sex too. One of them was Doss (I couldn't tell which was him), so I walked around the corner and saw a black lady lying naked on a bed with a guy with his mouth around her vagina and both were still. I said something to them and then left and went to the room that I thought was Doss's and snuck in and as the leader guy and his people came, I went under the bed and then I heard my phone go off and thought I'd been found but then I woke up in real life as it was my alarm.