A bunch of us from the Technical College were staying over in this store. It was across from a Target and I had to use that as my landmark to find it again every time we went out to do stuff. There were mattresses across the floor in two rows, each mattress was right up against the one before it. One row was incomplete and I grabbed a mattress and my pillows and blanket and tried to find somewhere to put it. Luis and Emmanuel were sitting on a mattress and Emmanuel said to go next to them. They were trying to figure out where everyone would go and Luis asked Emmanuel something like 'is anyone more familiar with anyone else' (to work out placement of the mattresses) and Emmanuel said no. Then after a pause he said 'well there was that one night' [referring to the time he kept hugging me] and looked at me and I was like 'yeah no' and Luis was like 'wait, what did I miss' and we waved him off. I put a video camera down facing the beds and left. Some time later I noticed my pillow cases were off my pillows and when I grabbed the pillows they were obviously not mine. My pillow cases were from Lord of the Rings. I angrily left looking for my pillows and went into other areas I knew people were sleeping. I saw one girl sleeping and squeezed the pillows and they felt like mine so I grabbed them and woke her up and asked where she got them. She said they were from a friend and I kept saying they feel like mine and she said she didn't know anything about that and I decided she was probably legit. I continued going around squeezing pillows but none of the others were like mine. Eventually a girl said 'you were filming, why not check the footage'. So I went back and played the video and it showed a guy and a girl who didn't like me (and who I didn't like) planning to take my pillows and plant something in them and give them back a week later so that it would make my hair itchy. I asked someone if I should tell Mr Hoover about this and they said to wait for them to do it and I said 'but I have proof right here'.