There were dinosaurs which were taking over or something. I was at a house that was sort of in the middle of nowhere with a few people and we were trying to hide from these small-ish dinosaurs. We were inside and I asked if someone had closed the door and they hadn't. I went out the front door and I climbed on top of this patio area and one of them walked under it and I tried to stay still so it wouldn't see me. There was a harbour where the government was telling people to go so they could get on boats and be sent somewhere safe. I went there and there was a massive queue. We got put on a canoe thing at the end and after sailing on that a bit where no-one could see there was a huge green alien (typical 'little green man' looking thing) with its little mouth slightly open making a kind of quiet 'ahh' noise. Everyone started screaming and trying to escape but there was nowhere to go. Then the 'camera' showed it from a side wide shot of it picking people up and eating them and you could hear the crunching. Later, I somehow survived this and was trying to warn people but everyone thought I was crazy. I was telling them 'don't take that path' and not mentioning the alien but they wouldn't listen. This detective guy was after this guy I knew. The detective and I were standing out in front of this house, the street had lots of trees and bushes either side. The detective was staring at something in the trees on the other side and I looked and I could see a blue shirt and realised it was the guy he was after. He took off after him and I ran as well. All three of us were running through the bushes and fairly close. I was exhausted from running. Eventually he caught up with him and we ended up at the harbour, but it was now connected to a hotel/hostel place. The room we got was a shared room, with lots of double beds. People were lining up directly outside the door. The path to the alien was parallel and blocked from view. I whispered to a few people in the queue to not go down there. The door had about 3 locks and I used all of them. We were laying in bed, I think I was sharing with the guy I knew and he was spooning me. Someone looked out the window and I warned them not to in case you saw something you shouldn't. At some point, a guy got set on fire and ran into our door, almost opening it but we all pretended to be asleep and they dealt with him. In the morning, a fire broke out everywhere and people started running everywhere. Our room was on fire, but I grabbed my carry-on suitcase and took my diary, fat little notebook and something else, as well as my phone before I left. I asked where some people went and they said 'down that side' and I was annoyed and said 'I told them specifically to not go down that path!'. People were jumping on the canoes early to get them away from the fire. I saw some people I knew in one and I told them to jump out and not go. The next canoe set off and I saw some more people I knew and Emmanuel and I stopped the canoe and I grabbed Emmanuel and the other people I knew and took them out and pushed the canoe away. I told them there was a giant green alien at the end that will eat you.