I am in bed and having a restless, tossy turny night. The man I love is chasing to be with another woman. I am jealous and upset. I see blood spots on the mattress. I had started my period. I wake up. The blankets are all wrapped up around me in the middle of the bed. Burt Reynolds, my man, and his new lady come into the bedroom. I'm glad I'm covered. They go into the kitchen. I crawl under the bed to pick up my writings (maybe diary) that had fallen to the floor as I slept. I see underpants there too and chose an old white pair that won't bind me at the legs. I get dressed and go to the kitchen to pour my breakfast cereal. She is there. We are snotty to each other. I pretend it doesn't matter to me. I start to eat my cereal only to notice it's quickly gone and pour in some more. (It's shredded wheat miniatures like I had at the coast.) I then look up and notice lots of ants marching across the living room floor in a line. I comment on them and think about stepping on them. As I watch, they change to small dolls marching to the Christmas tree. The dolls keep getting bigger and bigger and some fall down and then pick themselves up. I go to the Christmas tree. It is like Grandma Agnes's living room. Aunt Charlotte and I pass a present by the wall on the right. I hear Lydia behind me saying, "I'll just sit out the first part because we couldn't afford to buy a present." We sit in a group near the tree. I then hear loud crying and I'm in a movie theatre. The woman in front of us is crying. She turns her head away from the screen so I can see her more clearly. Tears are flowing copiously to the point the back of her movie seat is getting wet! She's saying, "My mother. It's so sad. She died." I then notice her kissing and hugging the woman on her left. After the kisses, she and the other woman turn toward us, the audience, and wink with big fake smiles on (pretty hair do and bright red lipstick). She cries loudly about her mother's death and I suddenly realize it is two lesbian women who are kissing sexually and pretending to us they are lamenting the mom's death. I feel surprised. Other people are crying too.