Our house was different. It was small and like an apartment and there were no windows. We had built a second entrance in Emmanuel's room as he had a bottom level to his room. I was sitting on Emmanuel's bed with him and we had been messing around with the video camera. I think I made a suggestion to have sex and he kissed me and fondled my boob and then we had sex. I was thinking it probably wasn't a good idea because now I'd slept with two of my housemates. I didn't feel weird around him though and I assumed it was because I was closer with Frederick and there hadn't been any build up with Emmanuel. Later we all went somewhere with the video camera. It was like a school but it was maze-like and there had been a zombie apocalypse or something, so it was a mess and there were dead bodies everywhere. I was with Tristan, Frederick and Emmanuel. We were looting and going through these lockers. When I was alone with Tristan I told him I slept with Emmanuel and he took it ok but seemed worried about it and said to not tell Frederick. We got to this area with a huge pile of bodies and chocolate. I was grabbing chocolate - lots of Snickers and Twirls and I got a Time Out too. I was getting them carefully in case any of the bodies were alive. When someone else went to get some, a hand twitched and they stabbed it. We were somewhere with a TV and were watching the video camera recordings in fast forward with a bunch of people. It was VHS quality. I said maybe we should skip a few scenes and they were like why and I signalled to Emmanuel, who was in charge of the controls, and he realised it was because we'd filmed the sex. I stood in front of the TV and he distracted people as our one played. No one noticed except one guy and he said he wouldn't say anything. Later we were still scavenging at the school and Emmanuel was saying how he had told someone about us having sex and they hadn't believed him and said something like 'why would Izzy sleep with Silas' and Frederick was right behind him and clearly heard. He didn't say anything though.