We were staying at some resort near the beach with a pool. Lots of people we knew were there. I was in a group chat on a dating site with a bunch of people and someone said that last night Frederick had bought presents for, and gone home with, this 55 year old lady. I was very angry and upset. I posted 'he didn't even get me a present'. We were then home and I had to leave and I opened his door and he was sitting on his bed and I shouted 'you suck!' and left. Bryce came out of the house asking for a lift but I was so angry I didn't notice and got in my car and took off down the street. Then I remembered Bryce and went back for him. I dropped him off home and went inside. It was like a weird apartment in the jungle. His mother was weird but nice. I was then back at the resort. Someone called Izzy on another chat said 'I almost slept with Frederick' a few days ago. I replied 'I don't know who you are Izzy, but don't sleep with Frederick. It will ruin your friendship'. He was in the chat too but I didn't care. It was almost evening and I wanted to go for a swim. My pants had gotten wet and were hard to take off. I took off my shirt too. I was looking through my cupboards for my bathers but couldn't find them anywhere. I stepped out of the cupboard and noticed my door was open and a guy was looking that way. We both screamed and I covered up and then we laughed. I shut the door and put a shirt on but peeked through it and said I didn't realize it was open. Frederick came and was like 'I wanna see' and was being his usual flirty self. He walked away and came back and sat on this chair. I thought he looked skinnier. Then I closed the door and turned around and Frederick and another guy were in my room. I said 'how did you get in here?' and Frederick was just giggling. I looked back out the door and he was still sitting there and I was confused. Then he stood up and they said it was someone else with prosthetics but it looked just like him. I joked 'I thought you looked skinnier'.