Melinda and a few other people and I wanted, we were in this bank, and she had to cash a check, and we were bored waiting for this lady to finish doing her thing. And we convinced them to give us an elevator key so that we could get on it. We got on it and we said, "I wonder what's up on the tenth floor?" So we went up to the tenth floor, and this elevator had a blue interior, and we got out -- or we didn't get out -- it was this very dark, closed-in room with light-up stained glass murals on the walls. One was like a map of the world with red continents, another was like something really abstract. So we decided, "Nah, let's not stay up here. Let's go down to the below-ground level and see what's down there." And I thought, "Oh gosh." I hung onto the railing in the elevator as we descended, almost like a bullet, we hit bottom, and the door opened, and I was expecting it to be as dark as anything, but it was a banquet, luncheon hall and there were people having their lunch in there. And Susan stepped out of the elevator and was going to go spy on them. But then I was up last night, and I had a dream that her and I were with some other people, and oh, she came by to say sorry that she hadn't called me any more, and she wanted to go through a box of jump with me. There were like a box of broken eggs and empty cans and there was a ball and things like that. there was this two-channel mixer that apparently I had gotten for Christmas, and I just ditched when the current one came along but it was in the bedroom, and it could play ___?____ and the bedroom one could only play __?__ which was not true in real life. And so I'm constantly switching back and forth between the two, and then we started going through this stuff. And I thought I saw the CD at the bottom of the box; I thought it was the one that I had been wanting, but it wasn't. It was just some blah CD. And then she and her family and I were at the beach and we were diving in this cave, and they were saying, "Oh, look at this, oh, look at that." And it was pitch dark, and so I was feeling around and there were these like huge tarantula things swimming in the water and big sharks with scaly fins. And I was running out of air in my breath, so I had to get out. And I had to take my clothes off for some reason, and then run past everybody and ___run_ in the bathroom so that I could put the clothes on. And Mr. Powell (?) and everybody saw me as I was running past, and they were just shocked. And when I got in the bathroom, I woke up.