I was at Six Flags, but it was really a college campus. But the weird thing about this was, it was like a continuation of a dream that I had last week. Last week I dreamt that I was at Six Flags, but it was really a college campus and I wanted to go on this water ride. And I was with Melinda, and we were going up an elevator to get to it, but the elevator door didn't close, and I was standing at the edge and it was going up, and I almost fell off because the door didn't close. And then when we got up to the place where the seats were, it was like this roller coaster, and we started to move forward and my strap thingy didn't lock in place and I felt like I was going to fall out. And then I woke up. And last night I dreamt that I was at Six Flags, but it was really a college campus, but instead, I dreamt that I was with Hayleigh and Kendra and Susan and that we were at the table eating a lunch. We were at like a little table, and I swore to myself I was going to ride the Montu_ before we left, but first I wanted to go on this water ride. And I went up with Melinda and Kendra and Susan on a really fancy elevator this time. It had like a crystal door to it, and the little thingy that you activate it with that was a crystal key. And then when we got inside, it had a white floor and it was like really fancy and high class looking inside. The panel was very sleek; it wasn't "blah" like most of them are. And we rode up four floors on it, and then we had to get off and get on another elevator and ride up four more floors. This elevator had a dark floor and it was still very formal and very classy looking. We rode up four more floors on that one. And then we crossed the hall, we got on another elevator that was kind of average. It had a dark floor. We rode up two floors on that one. And when we got off, we were on the roof. And we got into these seats that were like water ride rafts and we started paddling out. And then I jumped out of mine and I started swimming around, and I swam in this little ____ thing. Then I grabbed onto it again and I swam back to shore, kind of back to shore with it. And then I had to take my wet bathing suit off and wrap myself in a towel and I walked around like that for a while. We kind of walked through the, got back on the elevator and rode down a floor, and were walking around in different halls and things, and we went into somebody's dorm room and it was so messy. And then I realized it was somebody's private space, and I turned around and I rode down the elevator, the fancy white high-class one, and we came out in the lobby, and we were going to the principal's office to get me some dry clothes. And she put up a big fuss about how we weren't supposed to walk around wrapped in a towel 45 minutes after we got off the ride. And I was trying to tell her that I just now got off of it, and then I woke up. Last night I had a dream that we lived in an apartment, that our house was like a unit in an apartment complex, and that the apartment complex had just gotten a new alarm system installed. I don't remember if it was a fire alarm system or a security alarm system, but it was something. And I dream that we couldn't have Archie any more because his fast movements would activate the system all the time. So instead I had eight small cockatiels in a cage and they were all fluttering and flying around, and two of them got away somehow. And I was looking for them and looking for them in the kitchen table, and I started moving too fast, and I activated it. And then I dreamt that Mrs. Gammons, my old Gifted teacher, was standing in our kitchen, and she was talking about my gifted first grade, my grades when I was her student in first grade. 