Our receiver wasn't working and that Dad got all upset and decided that he didn't want anything to do with it. And so Mom and I were going to fix it by ourselves. And we started working on it, and we got the front left and right channels to work just fine, but no matter what we did, we could not get the rear section to work. And we had a movie on pause while we were doing all of this. And then somehow I ended up at the Homecoming dance and I was on the second floor of the main building looking out into the courtyard with Ms. Richards and Ms. Salazar and we were talking about an overhead projector that was rolling through the courtyard to somebody's class, and then I told them I had to go down and go to the dance. And I was at the dance and it was hot, in the bright sun in the middle of the day in the courtyard, and there was a girl named Kendra that was sitting at the sound board and her and I would talk. I had a dream that I was on a ship, of all things. And that we were going up and down and up and down long, narrow staircases with a bunch of my friends, and I was seeing alarm boxes everywhere, like fire alarm boxes. And I would get all nervous and jerky when I would see one. [Continued on side 2. I had a dream on the other side of this tape that got cut off. It was about, let's see, I dreamt that dream that got cut off, but the other one, I don't.] Dad and I were testing out the portable two-way radios to see if they work, because I can't remember if it was Carol or some other person, or Josie, somebody coming. And we were going to go to the beach with them and we wanted to keep track of them. So we were like testing them out. And the one that I had turned into a cell phone and called somebody's phone number, and we kind of like interrupted them during supper. And then, as we were trying to figure something out, it turned into this like computer keyboard desktop tape recorder type of thing. We were going through and listening to past transmissions and past conversations that it had saved. And this is really a watered-down version, man, this is dumb. And the rest is on the other side of the tape.