And last night I had a dream that we were having a family picnic and that we were going on like a family picnic thing, like with Uncle Carl and Aunt Joyce, and Dad and Mom and I were all sitting on a picnic table and we were riding on it through the street as if it were a car. And Uncle Carl and Aunt Joyce were on a convertible riding next to us. And I had my portable CD player packed in a bag, and then Dad stops the picnic table and went into the bathroom, and I put the unit on real quick so that nobody would see it. And then we kept on going until we saw my Aunt Janice and Uncle Larry, and all of a sudden we were at this huge English palace mansion thing, and I was going to ask Uncle Larry how his 5.1 system is coming along, when I realized that Uncle Larry was a police officer now. And he was singing a song to me about how he really cared for me, and he had a bunch of his other officer friends close by. And for some reason I was kind of apathetic and he was really hurt, and he wanted me to recite this poem. And I started crying. And he thought that maybe I just didn't like officers or something, and I was trying to tell him about some good experiences that I've had, like with Mr. Harris. And then all of a sudden this girl with this English accent comes by and starts talking to me and wants me to bow and say hello to these people dressed up like porcelain dolls who are supposed to be English royalty. And then she asks, "Can you play the organ?" And I said, "I know a few bars or something, but I'm not really sure." So we went out into this big, vast room with columns and things, with an organ in it. And this maid person comes out and says, "Don't disturb them, because Uncle Larry and his officer friends were having a conference in the other room. And so I started to play what I thought I knew, but none of the keys would make any sound, and then the girl told me that we needed to put a new set of keys in. And they were all paper, and I was like playing these paper, white paper strips in a box, and these were supposed to be the keys. And then I woke up.