Dad wanted to move his fire truck and hitch something up to it. So I crawled under it and it was like a trampoline thing, and when I went in it, it was kind of low to the ground, and I wondered how am I going to get out of here. But when I realized what they were going to do, I was scared, and I thought to myself, "I've got to get out of here somehow." And then I asked Dad, who was up above, I asked, "Can I walk and down the walk while you guys do this?" And he said, "Sure." So I wormed and squirmed my way out from under the truck. There was just enough room for me to squirm out from under it. And I realized that they were going to start up the engine and back it up a little bit, and then move it forward, so the result would be I would hear the back-up alarm and then hear the siren. So I figured I would walk as far away as I could and then be far way when that happened. So I took my bag -- I don't remember what I had in it at this time, but it will come to me, I'm sure. I took my bag and I went walking, and I walked, actually then I realized that the truck was parked in front of our house and I walked all the way up to 8th Street. And then I turned down 8th Street and went to 23rd Avenue and like went around a few blocks, and then I came back and they hadn't done it yet. And then I figured, "I gotta get out of here somehow." So I started crawling over all these boxes that suddenly appeared, and I started crawling faster and faster and faster as Dad started -- I couldn't see him, but somehow I know that he was getting in the driver's seat and getting ready to start it up. And I crawled faster and faster and faster, and all of a sudden it started becoming dark and I faded into consciousness. One other important thing about this dream that I remember is that somewhere after that I had another little dream about the digital recorder that we were using, that it was part of the truck, and that I was worried that maybe the back-up alarm or something was integrated into it because it had like the click on the side of it that went "drive, park, reverse" and I was deathly afraid of putting it in reverse. But I did, I asked him and he said that wasn't the case, but they did, the gas fuel alarm thing on it. That was strange. But in real life it didn't have any of that on the side. In real life it was just hunky dory, but it had bad sound.