Our Spain group was in the mall again and they want people to go to the food court for some reason, they wanted to stay in a little area. Somehow I got to meet in this big white dome-like area with this black guy, walking beside him, and we were getting on this people-mover thing to get across this area. And for some reason he was talking about that he still had some slaves and that he was one. Let's see. Then I had another dream. Then I dreamt that Dad and I were up in the sound room doing something, and I don't remember what we were doing, but all of a sudden we were laying down and he had the remote to the receiver and all of a sudden, "Born to Be Wild" was playing while Mom was vacuuming downstairs and he didn't seem to mind too much. He was asleep. And "Boom," the feminist song, started playing and I was hoping that he was still asleep. And then Mom turned on the power suck head of her vacuum cleaner and it was really loud and it sounded really strange, I moved over close to what I thought was Dad and I woke up and found out that it was Mom. The last dream that I had, I dreamt that we were all in a little theater and that I was sitting in a rocking chair in the very, very back of the stage. No, wait. First I was down in the bottom, and somebody called me up on stage and asked me what, what level I was, whether I was the first or second soprano, and I said, "I'm the first." She put me way in the back in the rocking chair that we have in our living room. And I'm laying there in the rocking chair, almost asleep, while we're singing and I'm like three half-steps lower than the rest of them, and I can't seem to be any higher. And it's Monday night already, and there's tons of people out there watching us and we're just not cohesive. Everybody, half the group is talking while the rest of us are singing. Ms. Dougherty was in this big, white tee shirt with white pants. I've never seen her in all white before, but in my dream she was. And another dream I had last night, I dreamt that we were having some kind of a party in the kitchen and Uncle Larry rode up on Mom's bicycle with his boom box in the basket, blasting. And I knew he was coming because I heard his boom box. And we started talking about sound stuff and all, and then I woke up.