First of all I dreamt that I was in Spanish class, and there were only four other people there. And I remember telling Ms. Hollander that I have a mandatory chorus rehearsal to go to, and she let me out, "no problemo." Then I went and I came into the auditorium and I sat down with four other people who were kind of in the auditorium; we were up in the balcony. And Mrs. Dougherty was kind of pacing around and talking to us, like she does, and kind of instructing the other people as to how they were supposed to stand and all when we went on stage, and then all of a sudden, in poured the class and they were noisier than anything. And they were just real loud and ruckussy in their sound filled the auditorium, and trying to get everybody quieted down, I don't remember exactly how. But we were supposed to be taking pictures for the yearbook, I guess, and everybody had to be in long pants and some kind of a shirt, which really didn't make a whole lot of sense, but that's how it was in my dream. And then Mrs. Dougherty was explaining how some of the boys were so fat that they couldn't even sit down in their chairs. And then I woke up and it was like 6:00. Then I went back to sleep and I had another dream. I dreamt, first of all, that I was in my bedroom and that it was daylight. And I had this bathtub full of Christmas decorations, which that's the place I was storing my presents for Christmas. But I was taking the bears out and putting them around, and this one bear I hung on the door, and it was this snoring musical bear where it had a three-way switch to just snore or just snore and play music too. And the other thing was this reindeer. It was just like the mechanical one that I used to have, only the mechanical one doesn't run any more. But in my dream the mechanical part didn't run, but for some reason it was playing 94.9 and it was sound, and that just made me go bananas in my dream. [laugh] I closed my door, I closed both of my doors so they latched in my dream, and [whispering] I kind of perched on the bed and then it was the bathtub that I perched on. It was so wild that I was kicking my legs around and stuff, and I was holding onto the railing. [regular voice again] Oh, that was another one of those embarrassing dreams. I hope nobody ever listens to this tape. And then when that wild episode was over, I came back into the bedroom from being in the bathtub, I came back into the bedroom, and there I found Mom on my bed snoring away, and I wondered how she got in there and what she saw. And then I woke up.