I had a very significant dream last night and I think it's perfectly explainable, but it's one of those that's like near and dear to my heart, even though it was extremely embarrassing if it had really happened in real life. Okay, I can't remember any of the miscellaneous that were going on beforehand and some other little side dreams, but I do remember the main part. I dreamt that I had been practicing on the keyboard and I had it plugged in with an AC adapter to the extension cord under my dresser, and it was set up on top of its box on the bed so that I could stand up straight and sing, but still be able to see the keys like I did that one time when they were at the movies. And all the lights were off in the bedroom and I was talking to Mom in her work room. And I go in the bedroom and I turn the lights on, but for some reason, me turning on the lights powers up that extension cord underneath my dresser -- it doesn't really, but it did in my dream. And having power at that AC adapter powered up the keyboard, even though I didn't turn it on. And that familiar robot voice that greet us and I was like, "Oh my gosh, you mean to tell me I didn't put it away?" And so, and then it said, "Select a song." And then it starts playing this song because, see, in real life it can do this song demonstration thing, and when you activate it, it says, "Select a song." So we did that, but it started playing this song to demonstrate, but it was like a Celine Dion song from 94.1. That was kind of cool. And then Mom wanted me to teach her how to do some things and teach her about the notes of the staff and all, so I turn it off for a minute and I go to my desk and I draw a five-line staff and I start labeling the lines and spaces on scrap paper. And I'm ready to go back and give it to Mom and start teaching her, and next thing I know, she's back in her room sorting her papers and I missed my chance to teach her and show her. And then I woke up, and I was so mad when I woke up. I think I had this dream that I missed a chance to show her something because I don't want to be too stuck on a one-track mind. I've been thinking a lot about that lately, and I've been practicing on it every chance I get when there's nobody in the house. And I really am dying to show Mom some music theory and stuff, but I don't want to just, I'm so shy, and it's like when I bring this thing out and am practicing on it, I swear I'm never going to tell anybody. But I always end up telling Mom anyway. [laugh] 