First I dreamt that Dad was doing some kind of remodeling up here, and I not only had a fan with black blades, but I had this air conditioner that was mounted in the ceiling and I was going to control it on the wall with the fan switches. And so I remember I didn't know how to shut off the air conditioner and I was ice cold, and I was going to tell Mom to come shut it off. And I dreamt that in Mom's room, she had this rack CD player that was like a box machine that goes with system stuff. And it was kind of silvery and it had a little design in the front. And I was trying to figure how she worked it and stuff. And it wasn't connected to any amplifiers or anything, so I don't know how she got sound out of it, but I remember it was pretty, kind of neat, and I was thinking, oh, she could finally play CD's and maybe she'll start getting rid of her tapes. And then I dreamt that Mom had a tape of the X Files that I made a CD of so she was getting rid of that tape, and I was thinking of saving it so I could recycle it, but I said naaah. Next I had another little dream, after I figured, I dreamt that I was so ice cold in my dream because the fan was making me cold, so I got up and turned it off. And I went back to sleep and dreamt I was at this fair thing with Mom, and there were these kids over in this one booth that she was watching while their mother went to go do something, and while we were in the bathroom, Mom told me she knew some stuff about Celine Dion, like her address and her phone number, but didn't want to tell any of us, and I guess because I knew who her baby doctor was, because she blabbed it all over TV. And what do they call that -- obstetrician? [Mother: for the woman; for the baby it's pediatrician.] But I mean when the baby's pregnant. [Mother: no, when the mother's pregnant with the baby.] [laugh] [Mother: you mean the mother's going to have the baby, not the baby's going to have the mother. That's the obstetrician.] Yeah, that's what I mean! [laugh] Anyway, the obstetrician is Dr. Rosenwax -- she blabbed it all over TV. But anyway, so there were these ducks and these geese hanging out by these kids and they were so tame. And I was over at another booth doing something, and I was crawling over to the booth where Mom is because there were these air vent gratings in this tent thing, and I was crawling on this tent material over to where Mom was. And then I was just sitting down doing nothing, and I had my mini-disc recorder for the radio station, but I didn't have the personal CD player. Next thing I knew I was riding home in the car with Dick Jorgenson, and he was talking to me about editing and stuff, and about -- I forgot my personal CD player, but I could have transferred some songs to the mini disc player so I could have one thing to do both jobs. And then I woke up. 