I was at Six Flags with Hayleigh and Stacy and their gang, except one girl was named Jenn, another girl was named Bush and we were with our kids too. And we stayed on one side of the park that looked like Circle Lake and then we were at this petting zoo section, but we didn't go in the section where all the rides and the show and stuff are that I'm familiar with. We mostly just stayed at one end of the park and walked around and stuff. And then we met up with Dad over at the petting zoo section and all the girls went on to do something else, and I was stopping and talking, and I was standing under the post of the fence of the petting zoo and I was talking and she said that there's this, he was glad we stayed on this side and all. And I was thinking, "Yeah, of course she would be." And there was this person that was going to do a concert show that was a guitarist from the '50's, and I didn't know the difference in my dream between a gunner and a guitarist, so I kind of thought that guns were like guitars and guitars were like guns. I don't know why I would think something so whacko. I mean, they're, I don't know, they don't even make a similar sound. Well anyway, and then I dreamt that we were home and I was looking around the house as if it were Six Flags, trying to find stuff, and then I realized I was at home and I shouldn't even be looking. Then I dreamt that Samantha, Sandra and Derek were in town, which they were because they were at Six Flags with us. And they were, I mean, I was laying in bed and Derek was like in the shower and he had this tube and he was spraying water at me and stuff. And so I closed the door. Then he came in with a cup of water and I thought he was going to pour it on my head, but instead I like got him in a wrestling hold, and he was like, "Ahhh, you gave me snake bite." And I was thinking, "What in the world is a snake bite?" And we started like kind of wrestling and the cup of water just kind of went away, and he kept saying, "Ah, you gave me a snake bite!" And then I dreamt that that all went away and I was kind of snuggling with Sandra the way I snuggle with Mom and I was telling, I felt comfortable enough to tell her the story of way we found the keyboard, and I started asking her if she remembered when we had it, and she said, "Yeah, I know. Your mother kept asking us to take it each time we came, and I didn't want to take it because Dawn [their real mother] said don't take stuff from you." And I was just like, "Okay," I wasn't hurt or anything, I mean, I was just sort of like, "Okay." And I was drawing little bitty pictures in this notebook while I was talking to her. Somehow And I didn't tell her the rest of the story; I never did. And then I woke up. Oh, and I dreamt that the time said like 10:35 and when I woke up it was 7:30.