The kids were still in town, and that Samantha and Sandra I was having such a good time with, and I was really sad about them leaving. But for some reason I was remembering a lot of things in my childhood to do like with Bluebird and stuff, and I was pacing around upstairs, and I was really nervous. And it seemed that all the girls were taking a shower and Derek was reading, but I came downstairs and I thought I heard Derek playing the keyboard in the bedroom. And I know this is really stupid, but I'm going to have to say it anyway in order so that I can analyze my thoughts later. I dreamt that in order for the keyboard to work, we had to bake a cake, and there was this cake. And [laugh] everybody would eat a piece of the cake, and when it was all gone, it wouldn't work any more. And I don't know what the connection was or why that happened like that, but it was weird. And it wasn't anything wild like he used to do. He was really sincerely trying to learn a song, and it was the Entertainer song that the ice cream truck plays all the time. And let's see, I dreamt that we also had a pineapple cake and a pear cake that I really wanted a piece of, but apparently Mom said they had containers that snapped shut and she couldn't get them open without making a whole bunch of noise. But she wanted to save them for when it was just us, so when I wanted a piece of cake, I had to have the other cake that made the thing work. That is so bizarre. How bizarre; how bizarre. And I also remember that later on I got my school schedule, and we had to whip up this like cake mix in order for my schedule to coincide. [laugh] And it was this like real powdery, awful-tasting cake mix we just had to whip up, and we had to spread it all over everywhere. [laugh] And I dreamt that I was going around on my first school schedule and that I stayed back and was talking and talking with Mrs. Dougherty with Mom, and that I missed Math completely, and there was an absence on my first day. And Dad was complaining about it, and we said, "What's he complaining about now?" And there were these pictures, and there was one of Mrs. Gresham, there was one of Mrs. Hollander and there was one of Mrs. Dougherty. There were these pictures that were like photo pictures, I guess. And Mrs. Hollander's was bigger than life, and it was like almost poster size except it was just the head. And she had a blue background, like she had this beaver outfit on like she was this beaver on stage, and her hand was extending off to the side into the next picture. And her hand was extending like almost over the top of the Mrs. Dougherty picture, except you could still see her. It was just that the hand was in the way of the picture. And I dreamt that I was going to enlarge the other one and fix it up and get rid of Mrs. Hollander's hand and all, so that hers would be bigger than life. Now I think that could have some meaning to it because Mrs. Hollander is pretty vain and stuff, I think, and [sigh] so, I think, and that's it. That was bizarre, huh?