I had a dream last night that I was still in Spain. For some reason I'm stuck on a broken record of having dreams about being still in Spain. But anyway, we were still in Spain and we were all roller blading down the street, and then we were going to go see a show of somebody rollerblading. So we got in these escalators and held onto the railings. They went twice as fast as normal ones do. I think maybe even three times faster. We went up four or five of them until we got to like this place where there were chairs for everybody and a little road thing. And I sat on a ramp right in the front, and my feet like dangled into the middle of the road thing, and then Mrs. Hollander told us that we were too early and we have to come back in a half an hour. And then I had another dream that we were at dinner, and we were eating and eating these things. And I had already had a course, and this Spanish waiter came by with this tray with six compartments in it and gave me two spoonfuls from each compartment, and it was like, "Oh gosh, more to eat?" And I had some water that I was drinking, and then I was offered some vanilla ice cream and it turned out to be milk. And then I had another dream that we were walking around we went in this church. Let me think a minute. I remember more to it now. Some of our group was performing up there and going to sing and play their band instruments, and Clark and Marilou and Colin Hanks were sitting by the sound board, and Marilou was going to run it. And she was showing it to me and showing me all the things about it. And it was silvery with white faders, and it had these little white levers that you could make it say certain words, so you could just like make them say these words. And then the preacher came up and was preaching about these boys that all they wanted to do was fight and broke things up. And there was an image of some men up on the wall and the priest asked, "What would you do if this image wasn't there?) and these wives would stand up and say, "You stole our husbands' image." And then I woke up.