I was going to be the prom DJ, the DJ for the high school prom. And it's not anywhere near prom time. I don't know where this came from, but I did participate in a wedding and was the DJ, so maybe that's it. But anyway, I dreamt that our foyer was like four or five times as big as it really is, and I had my equipment set up and I was lining up CD's and getting ready because I had the notion that the prom people were going to just start filling up, coming in the house and filling up our foyer. And so I'm getting ready, getting techno stuff together and all, and next thing I know, my equipment won't work right and I have to have like a long time to like, I'm looking for this certain connector that I need and I can't find it. For some reason I need a 8" mini connection, and I usually don't use that unless I'm using my boombox, but I wasn't this time, so I don't know. Then I suddenly dreamt that -- this must have been another one of those dreams that you have that feel like they're connected -- I dreamt that we were at Melinda's house and we were in this small, tiny little kitchen that led out into this grand foyer with this staircase and everything. And it was pouring down rain outside. And I think it was Melinda's cousin or brother-in-law -- some relative of hers that was kind of a young man in his 20s. And he was telling me about how he likes to play the trumpet. And I guess it was Thomas, because Thomas plays the trumpet. And he was saying how a keyboard is such a great thing because you can make it make all kinds of different sounds. And if you don't really play a certain instrument, but you want it in your song, you can make it make that sound if it's the right kind of synthesizer. And by this time I was like swinging on a swing, hanging from one of these stairwell things, and I think Mom comes in from the pouring rain and we go in that small little kitchen, and Melinda's asking about a mini disc. She thinks she wants to have something in the mini disc format. And so I told her I would show her my recorder from the radio station and then I woke up.