We were at this house with Grandma and Grandpa and Uncle Carl and Aunt Joyce and Lucy and Robert and Aunt Janice and Uncle Larry, and I think Uncle Charlie and Aunt Polly were there too. It was like a family reunion. And, you know, I think they were all, I don't remember Lucy and Robert or Aunt Janice being there. But anyway, most of them were there. And I even think Ms. Terwilliger (?) was there and Aunt Janice was in this blue dress. We were all sitting in the living room and this house had like a white tile concrete floor and it looked like a typical modern house. And I didn't know whose house it was, but it was one of their houses. And whoever's house it was, but there was this side room like a dining room almost, except there was no dining table. There was a keyboard in there too, and we were all sitting out in the main room talking, and there was this dog that was running around. And then we decided we would all move into the side room for some reason [laugh] and the keyboard was by this time kind of in the way, kind of half blocking the doorway and they were kind of worried that I was going to knock it over. But, of course, I just kind of stood there and like stared for a minute at it, and Ms. Terwilliger told me not to touch it because she had no idea what it was going to do or sound like. So we all sat down on this little couch thing and we started talking. There were chairs and a couch in this room, and we like resumed our conversation. And Aunt Janice goes over and turns this thing on and starts "practicing," except there's only one problem -- it doesn't work really, and she's like practicing away and moving her fingers all around, but there's no sound. There's only a tap, tap, tap, tap. And it's like, what in the world? I guess we know where that came from. And then I woke up and I went back to sleep and I dreamt, I kind of like resumed the dream. I dreamt that we were still in the same house and that I had to get Mom's boombox out of the attic. This house was like some modern house downstairs, but it was our upstairs. So I got Mom's boombox out of the attic, and somehow I had the notion that the people's keyboard wouldn't work because the record key on Mom's boombox was broken off. So I was like trying to fix it, but I think "record" and "play" were like attached together somehow and I was trying to figure how to attach it back on so that I could record somebody saying something with the boombox. And I attached it the wrong way first, so I had to like take it off and reattach it. And, you know, that's all I remember at this time. What a shame! I should have done this when I first woke up. Oh well.