I had this dream, and it's 4:30 in the morning, and now I am wide awake. [laugh] But, oh well, this dream is quite interesting and encompasses a lot of different things. First I dreamt that I was in the bedroom and I was trying to set up a two-channel stereo system. Or no, I was trying to fix the speaker connection because they'd come undone. So I shut off the receiver and unplugged it just to be safe. And I was making the connections with the binding posts -- you know how that goes -- and I dreamt that in my dream we had a sub in the bedroom, which we don't. And that seemed to be alright; I didn't have to do anything like that. So I fixed the connections and then I turned the receiver back on and I was putting the speaker back in place, and the wires came undone. And I was real afraid to touch them because, of course, when the receiver's on they're carrying power and I knew not to touch them or I'd be shocked. And then I dreamt that Dad was baking a mixer cake. By the way, this dream is going to probably take up the whole of this tape. I dreamt that Dad was baking a mixer cake and it was really cool, and he was kind of joking, like he is, about "Don't let Mom get all the cake," and stuff, and we were deciding on sizes for the cake by how many faders we have because we were cutting the cake with lines and we were cutting it according to, like we would say, "I want four of these channel strips, so I want two of the shell (?) strips," and that would be how we'd know what sizes of the cake we want. Then I dreamt that I was writing these notes about how my life is being changed over the years, and I was writing these notes so that I could write this essay. And I was writing about the different phases that I went through, like first it was the toddler stage and then my animal magic show stage was 6-9, and I said that I had went through a real shy phase when I was little, which I really didn't, but in my dream I thought I had. And in all of this Dad asked about the music major, and, of course, I hadn't said anything, I haven't said anything to him about it. So I just kind of said, like I just kind of like beat around the bush, I guess. And he asked about it more directly again, and I was kind of stunned. Well, actually, I wasn't really too, too stunned yet, and I just said, "Oh, we found it like 20 years later and it needed work," or something like that. I then I stepped away to do something and he's baking another cake. Or I think then I come home from shopping with Mom, and there it is, sitting on the table, and all the flour and all the mess. And it's like sitting there in all its glory, and I'm like stunned. [laugh] But the thing of it is, Dad thinks he can connect the mixer cake to it. [laugh] And it was hilarious because it's not even a real mixer he's trying to connect to it. And I know for a fact that it didn't have any a______ or audio out, but I was able to mike it and record it through my mixer. [laugh] Here he is, trying to connect a mixer cake to it. And I'm like, he's having Mom and I help him like move stuff, and I'm like grabbing Mom's wrist and like doing the intermittent grip signal, like, "Oh my gosh, what in the world is happening here?" And I hated to see it in all the flour and all the mess, but [laugh] everybody was trying to connect it to a real mixer. Oooohhhhhh! But, and then, I had one more part to this dream. I guess you could see why I'm wide awake! Then we were in Cash and Carry and we were looking at Easter bunnies, and over in the Easter Department we were looking at Easter bunnies and I was dancing to this disco music under this strobe light. [laugh] I guess I meant what I said in my song when I said, "When I run through the pastures of my slumber, you're never out of sight." I feel I need to add to this that I didn't really feel was important, but now I see it could have some meaning. I dreamt that I was wearing a tee-shirt with a picture of it on it, almost like the tree bird shirt, only it wasn't. It was the color of the tree bird shirt and it had a picture of it on it, only I was walking through Cash and Carry. And I think maybe this could mean that some day -- how should I say it -- I think that I mean to say that some day I'll be brave enough and confident enough to tell the world its story and wear it openly on my heart instead of hidden the way it is now. And I don't know -- I just [sigh], I've just still got this shy thing going on, I don't know.