We were standing in our front yard at kind of night time, and I was aware that we had our two chickens, our white one and our brown one. Well, coming out of I don't know where, there was another white chicken, another brown chicken, a golden chicken, a goose and two baby chicks that seemed like they had finally come home after being like on the run for like a month or two and we had just forgotten about them and we didn't know where they were. The only thing was the golden chicken was a mean old pecker. She would peck people. And I think the other white chicken was too. It was kind of hard to tell the difference between the old white and brown and the new white and brown. And then I dreamt that I had had a baby. I wasn't sure if had a baby or a baby doll, but I was singing to it. Or I just remember sort of telling somebody that I was singing to a baby. I couldn't remember if I was singing "Brahms Lullaby" or "La La Loo." But then I was at school and I was in English class, but first I was waiting to get into English class and there was like this thing in the hallway that was like a steering wheel. It was green and it would say if you turn it, the alarm will sound. So I had to get away from that one. The college rep person was there and a few other students were there following me to English class because they needed to get there too. And there was like, I told them I'm usually very leery of red things because red represents seeing an alarm, but this time it was green for some reason. So we got into English class and we were kind of sitting there listening to this college rep guy advertising I think he was talking about the State University and how great it is and how great their scholarships are, and, "If you drop out, we'll hold your scholarship for ten years and if you come back, we'll still give it back to you." And I was r_____ there and I was looking through this book he gave me, and while I was [laugh] -- well, this is the funny part -- while I was sitting there looking at this book of scholarship stuff, I started to get a little nervous and a little afraid because I was thinking of the song I was singing to the baby and I was also thinking about how we were calling ourselves Mamaloo, Papaloo, Babyloo, Chickenloo and Roosterloo. It was all kind of funny. And then I started fading into consciousness and I was thinking of those things, and I realized I was laying on my back with my arms above my head, and then I woke up.