We were doing some major house remodeling and that the door jamb by the stairwell and the little arch above the hallway, we were going to need to set it on fire to make it straight, and I was thinking how it would set off both the smoke detectors and it would make us _________. But we cleaning out some stuff, like from Mom's shed, and there was a whole basket of like stuffed animals and stuff from when I was little, and a couple of towels and a couple of little baskets and a couple buckets and, you know, little miscellaneous stuff. And most of it I went through and I said, "Okay, I want to throw this out and this out and this out. [laugh] But then we came to some stuffed animals and things, and there was this one teddy bear that was really cool. He was sitting in a chair and the chair was covered with a towel. And the towel was like real pretty with like stars and seashells and glittery stuff on it. And I lifted the towel, and it was this talking, singing teddy bear, and he had a keyboard on his lap. And he would like sing songs and play it, and like do like little kids things and stuff. And so anyway, I really thought he was cool and I wanted to keep him for like when we were babysitting. But then when I went to cover him back up with the towel, so nobody would see him, the towel was totally missing. The towel was gone. And I couldn't find it anywhere. It was like it was part of the chair, it was part of the thing. I told you, it was real fancy. And then, since I couldn't find the towel, I sat him in this basket and covered him up with an ordinary towel. And I came in the house for a second -- let me think for a minute -- I think Dad had the TV on and there was one of those parades of things that I used to make when I was real little going around on the floor. And I can't remember what I was doing or where I went or why I went in the house, but I was thinking, "I have to go out to the picnic table to where I was cleaning out and b___ the teddy bear before somebody throws it out because it's disguised as some other thing. So I can't remember if I did or not. [laugh] Then I woke up. That was strange, man.