We were going camping and we were in the car and we were going all around these different trails and stuff. And then Mom and Dad were going to get out and scout around for a little while, so they left the ignition on; and, I mean, they shut the engine but they left the radio on that is with the ignition. And so they went out scouting around. Well, for some reason the seat came out of the car and was like rolling along on the road, and it turned into like a swing, and I would be able to like fly along the road because of it. And Mom came by and said that at somebody's campsite they had a sound booth, and they were going to play songs on the sound system pretty soon. And I heard a song played and Mom was going to take me over to see the sound booth, but I don't know, something happened. And then Mom came into the room and kind of woke me up. And then I went back to sleep and had another dream, that, well, maybe this was like a continuation of that one, I don't know. I was at Sunset Grill with my equipment, and instead of Suzy being there, there were these three or four boys that were kind of rough. And I had the Peavey system set up and I had the CD writer set up. I was going to burn some CD's. And I was up on the stage and in back of the stage there was this wall where I had a few shelves where I put some equipment. And the boys were on stage announcing and I was sitting back there with my, I was facing the wall, facing the equipment. And I turned on my microphone and it made feedback, and somehow I had the notion that it was because I had two CD writers -- one was mine that I use and one was this white one. And I dreamt that this white one had faulty circuitry, and it was letting signals through that were causing feedback. [laugh] Now how whacked out is that! Oh, and the plot thickens! [laugh] So I gave that white CD writer to the boys, and in exchange they gave me this personal CD/ tape player and they gave me a Spice Girls tape [laugh]. And so we got home and Dad and I are working on DP, and this personal CD tape player is kind of unique in that it's like an interface with DP. That's bizarre! [laugh] Well, I guess not really; it was like, it wasn't really too bizarre, I guess. And we were playing the Spice Girls tape and I wanted to put it on an audio CD, and we were running it through DP to kind of clean it up some. And then in the middle of that I faded into consciousness, like I drew a cross ______. [laugh] 