We were on a boat, and while we were going to this boat show, we were walking along the dock. And we met this guy who had a boat who was really, really friendly. He ended up taking us on his boat because he was impressed with all I knew about sound and stuff, but I don't remember too much about that. But I remember that I got out and I start swimming and there was another boat close by and it was just sort of anchored out. And then I couldn't really help it, I was right at the stern and something just cut my leg like crazy, I think how the propeller does. It wasn't stinging, but the edges were real sharp like a knife, and it just cut up my leg like crazy. But then when I came back into the guy's boat all I had was one little scrape, so I don't know what that was all about. The next thing I knew, we were on land and we were back at the house and trying to, Dad thought we had such a good time, he wanted this, we still had one in our dream, and he wanted to get ours insured and give it a name so that we could. And then I dreamt that we were at this place where 104.7 was sponsoring this "Friday, Thank God It's Friday" party. And Mom and I were sitting on these restaurant booth benches, but there was no other side to them. There were these restaurant booth benches with a long table and out in front people would get out and dance and sing and just be real showy like. And there were some people sitting on booths and tables on the other side and a lot of people standing around the edges, and people would come up and dance and all. And everybody was cheering, "Friday, thank God it's Friday!" And we were eating some kind of dessert thing, and next thing I know, what should appear in front of me but a keyboard that spanned like six or seven octaves. And it just like appeared in front of me! And Mom said she just laid it in front of me, and I asked her where did she procure it, and she didn't answer me. And I didn't really make a big row thing or anything. All I really could do was smile at her and nod my head, which I think she got the picture because she smiled at me too, I think. And I took her hand and I shook it a little. That's all I really could do. And then next thing I knew, we were in this restaurant, which was adjacent to this party room-like place and it was still there, and we were finishing up and cleaning up some stuff and we were keeping an eye that it was still there. And then Mom went to the bathroom or something and it just disappeared into thin air, and Frieda returned in her place. And Frieda wanted to climb up to the top of this observatory tower with me, and so I started climbing, but I wasn't really into it. We got about half way up and then we turned around. And then I saw myself on TV, and I heard something on the radio that I had the notion was my work, but I don't know. Oh well, then I woke up.