Mom and Dad both thought that I wanted a keyboard for Christmas and Mom didn't know the difference between that and the s_______ board. And Dad [laugh] -- this is kind of funny -- Dad found this like multi-track recorder that would record like ten minutes of audio and put these different little sounds on triggers, and it was kind of neat, but I don't know, Mom said that it wasn't the one. [laugh] And then Uncle Fred told Mom and Dad what I really wanted. Next thing I knew, it was set up on a little tray like my typing keyboard is in my studio. Well, it was set up on a little tray in the TV cabinet in the living room, between the TV and the amplifier. And when Dad and I were sitting there listening to Celine Dion, I got up from the couch and moved the computer chair over in front of the TV cabinet and I pulled out that little tray, and we were hearing this the way it is, and I was trying to play it along with the CD, which I think it was a horrible job, but I don't know. It was just a dream anyway. And then I stood up and I was going over to Dad to ask him how he thought I did. He was sound asleep. He was snoring away, which I thought it was pretty good because I really didn't want him to see me and hear my anyway. [laugh] Then the next time I sat down was when nobody was in the house, and I thought, "Okay, I am going to sit down and practice and do a decent job this time." And I sat down and turned it on and it was not connected to the amplifier any more, so I sat down and started checking it out. The amplifier was as light as a feather, so I just lifted it off the shelf and turned it around and looked at the back of it, and it was nothing like I'm used to seeing when I'm conscious. There were no RCA (?) connections whatsoever. It looked more like the back of the car radio, which is probably because that's what we were kind of doing like a few days ago. And I was trying to find a way to kind of jam some bare wire into some connection so that I could get this connection made and get this thing connected to the amplifier again. And just as I was doing that, I heard Mom and Dad coming home in the car and I had wires and connections and stuff all over the living room. And I didn't want them to see that I had been messing around, so I met Dad at the door and said, "You can't come in right now, I'm working on a surprise." And he said, "Well, just guide me in, I'll close my eyes." And then I woke up, realized it was all a dream and said he can come in if he wants to. There's no wires and stuff scattered all over everywhere; it's a dream. That was weird.