I was at a party at a three-story house. It was kind of a big house. I had a notion that it was the Richardses that were hosting it, but I didn't know who was hosting it. And there were like these tables around with these snack things. There were like two or three bowls of snacks at each table. And there was a pool at this house. And there was like this man. We were on the second floor and we were on a balcony overlooking the pool and this man was like giving us very specific instructions about how to open bags of snacks and serve them, and when to put more out and when to leave the bowls empty, and not to put too much out. And on further analysis, I think this man must have been Mace, Barbara's husband, because when they sent us our invitation, they gave us real specific instructions as to when to come, where to park, don't bring a gift, and please let other people sit down and eat when you're done, and all kinds of stuff like that. So I think that's where that came from. Also something very strange -- the past two times I have dreamt about hearing the "Wee Sing" tape, I've been really, really scared and wanting to cling to Mom when "Bluebird" is about to come on. I stopped having dreams like that a while ago, and whenever I would dream about the tape, it wouldn't be scary. But now I'm starting to be scared when I have those dreams, but not when I wake up, just in the dream. So I dreamt that all of a sudden we were in this bedroom at the house and the tape was playing and "London Bridge" was on, and Mom was going to do something, she was going to fill up more bowls of snacks. And "Bluebird" came on and I just clung to her and I was like, "Oh, my God, oh, my God, oh, my God, oh, my God" and I was ready to start crying and things. And then I slowly faded into consciousness and I woke up. I don't know what all that's about. But at least the good news is, is I don't wake up really scared like I used to. I just wake up and it's over, and I think about it and go, "Wow!" That's strange.