I was swimming through this pool carrying this replica of King Triton's trident, imagining and believing that I was going to take it back to his castle or something, or take it from him and give it to Ariel, or something like that. But I was like part of the story and we were acting it out in this swimming pool. And then all of a sudden it was juxtaposed with the fact that I was at school and that I was just starved. I hadn't eaten in a few days. And two or three people that I know -- they were like girls, I guess, I don't know who they were -- but they were supposed to give me lunch. And they got this big thing of pretzels, a big thing of chicken nuggets and a big cup of soda for all of us. And I had to go do some other errands before I could get there to get to them, but I was running through the school because when I'd go past the boys' bathroom and the boys flush the toilet, it goes, "Flahhhhhhb," kind of like a bathroom tub faucet or shower thing. And so they had flabbing toilets and flabbing sinks in the boys' bathroom at school. So I had to run past that. Then I had to run through a really vulnerable area where the fire alarms would go off at any moment. And I finally got over to in front of the cafeteria where they waiting for me, and somehow I had the notion that a few feet away from us was the boys' bathroom that had flabbing toilets and sinks. And they had a big thing of pretzels and a big thing of chicken nuggets and a big cup of coke, and I started eating a pretzel or two and the girls were all kind of getting silly and laughing and stuff. And I ate a chicken nugget, and I was going to take a drink of soda, but I spilled the whole darned thing, and I was so mad. And I was sure that they thought I was little blind gooch (?). And then the boys' toilet went "Flahhhhb" and I got all nervous and spilled something else. And then all of a sudden that was juxtaposed with the fact that I was laying down in the living room while Mom and Dad were watching TV and I realized that I had fulfilled my duty in playing my part in the mermaid story at the swimming pool, and so that was that. And then I woke up.