Gloria Estefan was coming to Becker Park for a concert, and the concert started at 6:00 and that we were going to have to get there two hours early in order to get decent seats. And it was 4:00 and Mom kept diddling and diddling and diddling and diddling and diddling and we didn't get out 'til 4:30. But when we got out, I learned that the plans had changed and it wasn't Gloria Estefan, it was Bette Midler and she was coming to our yard. So we were setting up chairs and tables and stuff for people, and she was going to stand in the garage and sing. And then amongst all this I realized she is going to need some audio reinforcement. So we got out the Peavey system and Dad was going to play the drums. So he had his drums at his table and I had my mixer at my table, and we were ran the wires and I think we might a microphone by Dad's drums and I ran them into the Peavey board. And, of course, hers. But hers was the far right like it was the master, her fader. And she started singing, and I had to just do it on the fly without a sound check, so I had to guess at the levels and then quickly readjust them as the concert started. And then, in amongst all of this, I realized that all of a sudden we were in an auditorium and I was singing kind of like on a side close to the stage, and I didn't have a mixer, but I had my mini disc recorder and I was recording the whole thing. And she was singing the song, "Prayer" by Celine Dion and she was like swirling and spinning through the aisles and I got to see her. And then I dreamt that the lights came up in the auditorium and she was introducing that she was an ID vocal teacher at the school, and that she was going to let some of our ID students perform. And then I woke up. Oh, but no, not yet. I kind of woke up, and I took a look around and then I went back to sleep, and I dreamt that we were going shopping. And we were going down in the cellar of Safeway to see if they had any more cakes or something. And all of a sudden there was this, "bang, bong," and I woke up, and it was the first note to the song that was playing. When it came on, it woke me up, so that was kind of strange.