We were having some people over, and this girl who was sitting next to me -- oh no, it wasn't just one girl, it was three or four kids my own age who wanted me to show them my sound equipment. Oh, I know what it was now! I had set up, well, first of all, I dreamt that all of my sound equipment resided on the computer desk downstairs and that the PC was really the Mac that ran this little performer, and it was all down there. And I had set it up in just a certain way, and there were these three or four people who wanted to see it, how it worked. And all of a sudden the three or four people dwindled down to one girl, and so I explained the difference between the two mixers -- the Peavey and the task cam -- but in my dream they were both black. Then this girl turns on the computer and she's waiting for it to start up, and she doesn't see a desktop right away and she gets a little alarmed, like, "Hey! Where does this reside in the..." and then she was like, "This program, Digital Performer you're talking about, where does it reside?" And I was like, "Just be patient; it will come up." And so when it came up, the desktop was green and I showed her the icon as to where to go and stuff, and I don't remember too much about what she saw when she got in the program or what her reaction to it was. But I do remember all of a sudden there were a ton of people, like Uncle Carl and Aunt Joyce and a bunch of other family people and a bunch of the Fire Department people. And all of a sudden they wanted me to sing for them, so I go up and I start warming up. Now, you know that when I set up my equipment, I know at least a day in advance so I have a whole half an hour to set it up, to get ready to be amplified on the system. Well, I just wanted to have some accompaniment this time, and I had some stuff started on the CD RW, but my CD recorder is the only one that'll play CD RW's, so I was really in a rock and a hard place because what I was fixing to do was record it onto a tape and play the tape on Mom's boombox while I sang along and not involve the sound system this time, which is what I did, and I came downstairs with the boombox and I set it up, and all the people were gone. There was only like one person and Dad in the living room. And Dad was like, "You'd better go out there and yell to them. They're all in their cars." And so I went out there, and I yelled, "Hey, you guys!" And they were all gone. But the bird was just going nuts, screeching and screeching and screeching. So I yelled at him, I was going, "Hey, birdie, stop!" And at that point some car honked its horn. It had a really funny sound to it. And then I went back inside, and I figured, "Well, that's a wash. That was a lot of work for nothing." And even the girl was gone, who was supposedly looking at Digital Performer. And so I went upstairs and I was arranging some stuff back to the way it was, and I realized that I had left the sub on from the last time I had the sound system on, and you know how they require more power and so they have their own amplifiers. So you gotta click the switch on and off, so I forgot to click the switch off and I could hear that it had a little bit of chubba chubba chubba chubba sound, which meant there was an internal cooling fan cooling it off. And so I figured I'll shut it off so it'll quit getting hot and it'll cool itself off. So I reach down, I clicked the switch off, but when I did that, its fan like kicked in full force and it blew all this warm air out at me, and I was like so spooked by that and I ran out of my studio with a yell! And [laugh] that was funny! And I was still spooked and I jumped up on my bed, and I set my hand down and there was a moth ball under my covers, but I got so scared, I thought it was either a mouse or something. So I screamed again. [laugh] And Dad was like, "Are you alright?" And then I woke up. [laugh] That was crazy, man.