Mom and I, when I was sight reading, that we kept getting interrupted because the first time I tested it out, it took me a while to hem and haw and get over the heebie jeebies and stuff, and finally admit to myself that it's okay to be a little kind of cheesy and all, and so, but that day when I was doing that for the first time back in June, Mom and Dad had gone, were going to go to a movie, which they did, but Dad left to go do an errand real quick. And Mom thought that she was too late and that he had left for the theater without her, and so she got on her bike and rode down to the theater. And then Dad came home and wondered where she went and I told him that she had gone to the theater, and so they said that they would meet up. So then when he left, I was reasonably sure that it was safe, and I took it out after some hemming and hawing and all that, and it was sitting on its -- oh, I get so tongue-tied! -- anyway, it was sitting on the bed in all its glory when first the phone rings. It's Mom calling from a pay phone to say that she hadn't seen Dad yet. Then I hang up the phone and I go back to what I'm doing, and then the phone rings again like two minutes later, and it's Dad to say that he met up with Mom. So then I go back to my business, and while I'm talking on the phone, I'm just hoping that nobody's going to come to the door. [laugh] And let's see, oh yeah, and then I go back to business, and then Quinn calls! And I'm like, "Jiminy Christmas, when are these phone calls going to leave me alone!?" [laugh] And another funny thing that happened is I took care of that and I set it aside. I put it back in its box and I went to set up the sound system for Dad's party that was going to happen that night, and I was done, and so I figured, "Well, I've got an extra hour before they're supposed to come home. I can go learn some more songs." And so I took it out again, I set it up, and so I'm learning, "My Heart Will Go On" by ear, and I'm chipping and chipping away at way, screwing up here and messing up there, making a terrible total mess of it, but having fun. And next thing I know, what do I hear but the truck, and remember how those keys to turn it on and off are so difficult, and you can't do it with the wrong kind of touch. You can't do it with nervous fingers. And, of course, I was like, "Ahhhhhh, oh, my gosh!" And I finally was able to turn it off and saw the LED's go dark, and I shoved it back in its box so fast, and I shoved the box back in its corner. I raced down to meet them, trying to be as calm as I can, [sigh] -- that was some ordeal! But, you know, Mom found out anyway because, first of all, I couldn't keep it from her too long. You know, I tell her everything. And second of all, the box is right by the phone and so when I put the box back, it sat on top of the phone cord, and she knew that I'd been handling it.