In English, we were reading in our literature book and we were reading this story about this man who was like obsessed. And he would like, he was obsessed with like people knowing where they are and people feeling safe, but yet he did these things that really wouldn't make them, or really wouldn't make me feel any safer, like, for example, he wanted to put a little alarm thing that kind of sounded like back-up alarms near people's houses so that they would always known where they are. Well, for me that would be just awful. And he wanted to wait until they were sleeping so they couldn't say anything, and he needed a cool, breezy night to do it. And I think what he was going to do was tap into their plumbing pipes and like stick it in lines and that when they turn on their water, the water would go through and activate it. And then he was also wanting to put them in elevators so that if people get stuck, they could make enough racket and be heard. Well, and then we finished the story, and we were starting to look at it and questions. Oh, and I walked out of English class with this girl named Marilla who I have, that sits next to me with my internship seminars. But here she was in my English class and I walked out with her. We were going down the stairs and there, set up on the landing of the stairwell, was a little sound booth, recording studio-like type thing. And Melinda and this boy sat down and they were like listening to this tape of this band that was playing, and the monitors were facing us because there were microphones and they didn't want them to fade. And I went over there and sometimes I have a bad habit of using -- not necessarily a bad habit, but I have a habit of using two fingers to move faders instead of one, because when I want to move them in small increments I just two fingers. I went over there and I adjusted some of the faders and Melinda kind of was surprised at my two finger grip and she said, "Why don't you just use one finger?" And I was like, "Because two fingers is more precise for me." And about that time I woke up.