I was at Memorial Stadium on a Saturday and Benjamin (?) was showing me this hand-held, real heavy device that reminded me of, it was about the size of the talking calculator, but it was a little heavier. It was some kind of audio editing device, and it was kind of a bluish color and it had a real wide LCD display. And it had a few keys along the bottom and a few up the side. And Benjamin was seeing that the labels were unusually large and they could actually see all of them. And he wanted to make sure I could see all of them by asking me where to find the keys that went up or down, the volume ____. And I found them like in the bottom right area, and I upped the CD about three or four notches. And then I realized that in order to edit audio and put programs together, that I had to have these -- what's the material? -- I had to have these clay alphabet letter blocks, and a lot of them were attached together vertically in a column, and some were loose. And I didn't know what I had to do with these alphabet letter blocks, but I had a feeling it was like making a story board for a movie. And there was also this book that was like the length of a novel that went with it. And Benjamin was going to try to teach me a few things so that I could make an order, because I had a notion that I was having a party that evening and I was going to make a border for the playlist for the party. And then we like ran out of time and he let me just take the thing home and learn some stuff on my own and show it to him on Monday, because he realized we weren't going to have any more time before the party. I remember looking at the time and it was 4:50 and I had to get home because the party was at 6:00. So then I make my way to the front and up the, I mean down the elevator, and I realize that I'm at Jungle Park [laugh] and I ask the lady at the front to use the phone because I dug in my purse and I didn't have the cell phone. And her phone was like whacko. It was like you would pick it up and instead of a dial tone, there was this commercial for like Spanish food, and you had to actually push a number before it would have a thing. And so first I dialed 505-0054 and realized that wasn't the one, so put it down and tried again. And then I dialed our land line and I don't think I got through. Before I finished, I hung up and there was, so I'm going to say that before I could get through, Mom came and picked me up, which was good, so I didn't have to call. She picked me up in the parking lot, and instead of the car, she had the blue car that was like all beat up and these broken windows and this yuckiness, and I kind of was a little startled, I was like, "Where did you get this?" and she was like, "It's Nan's." And she said that it was a special model that was made to look like this to show that it had been through the war. And I was like, "What?!" And soon after I woke up.