I was at this youth center place, kind of like Club Saturday, but they were having this like workshop thing and I can't remember exactly what it was. But I was in this room, like a dance studio, and Samantha and me and Mom and this strange instructor person were in there, and they were showing me a trumpet, of all things [laugh] and they wanted me to just try it out and see how it felt. And I could feel the finger things and I remembered when -- I don't know -- it was just weird. [laugh] And then we went out to this main like cafeteria area and there was a, it was empty and there was a piano in there and some girl was like playing. And I was like walking through there to get out to the door to go out, and the instructor person who was with us gave me this little book, thumbnail size book of songs. And then when I got out to the car, Dad and somebody else were there to pick us up, but I realized that I left my MD machine in the room, so I had to get out and run back in. By this time the cafeteria was full of people, and noisy students. So I went back and got my machine and then I went, then we went to this like funeral thing, I guess for like James's father, and I was kind of perplexed because we said we weren't going to go. And somehow I got separated from everybody else and I was like sitting behind the first row and I was watching the thing going on. Then when it ended, everybody kind of got up and left and I was like left in there. And I got up and I started walking. There was this big, long and there was this big complex at the funeral center, and as I got up and I started walking, there was like this bridge over the pool, and so I walked over that and I started to cross the front lawn. And then this lady came out and stopped me and said that this path was going to lead me into private property because there were condos over there. And she was going to lead me like back to the parking lot. And so she led me to this path that had these sprinkler heads sticking up that you could trip over at any minute, and we were walking along this path and suddenly they came on and sprayed all over us. And then we got to this like little clearing area deep in the woods and somehow Mom found us and found out where I was and went back to the car and told everybody. And I don't remember ever getting back there. I woke up before I got back.