First of all, there were like several things to it. First of all I dreamt that I got several birthday presents, at this time of the year -- yes, birthday presents! Maybe because Terri gave me a late birthday card or something. One of them was this mechanical baby doll that like it was the form and the stature of a real person, of a full-grown person, but it acted like a baby doll. Its arms like would reach out to you and it would laugh and say, "Mama" and stuff like that. And if it was turned on, it would just do that periodically at any time. And Dad was like, "That thing! How are you ever going to get any sleep?" But he didn't realize that all you had to do is turn it off and it wouldn't do that any more. And I thought it was a really special gift from somebody, I don't remember who. Then I dreamt that I was studying media in college and I needed something to help me study it, and Dad and I went to this electronics store to get one and the one, the Peavey one that we were looking at was really, really good. It was kind of a mixer and bat kind of combined into one unit. And then there was this other one that was even better [laugh] and this was the funniest part. The Peavey one that we were looking at spanned three octaves, but this other one spanned like six octaves, and so Dad wanted me to have the Peavey one, but he wanted the store person to cut the other one in half and attach the half to the Peavey one and make it one unit. [laugh] I don't get that! And the store owner said, "Well, there's a much easier solution. We have a larger Peavey model." And so we ended up getting the larger Peavey model. And then I dreamt that I was working for the baseball team, and not like a DJ but to do like paperwork and stuff. And I had a desk in their offices, and somehow -- I don't remember how -- but I must've put it on my desk. And there was this other girl who had a desk next to me who was studying video and stuff also, and we decided we were going to like hear it, and then I can't remember, but I was off running errands for them or something, and I come back and somehow somebody had talked me into just giving it to her, and getting another one with my gift card, and so I had this nice, perfect model and when I got back to my desk it wasn't there. And then I like rolled around or something like that and then I woke up. And then I was like half conscious, but having other little tiddly dreams but keeping that thought in mind that, I don't know. Then I woke up. I have a little bit more of an explanation about the baby doll part of this dream, now that I've been thinking about it. When I was little, I had two kind of small talking baby dolls. One was supposed to be a boy and one was supposed to be a girl. One was from Brittany and Roxanne and one was from Aunt Peggy. And they would laugh and they would say, "Mama," but they wouldn't like reach out to you or anything. And I think, oh, I know what, when their batteries kind of ran down, they talked like this [low stretched-out voice] and they sounded like an old man, kind of like my tape sometimes. And that was just so weird. [laugh] I think I might have been thinking about that.