First of all, I dreamt that I was at school and it was kind of like one of my last dreams and we weren't doing much in class. And [laugh] we were all kind of hanging out and partying and having assemblies and stuff, and there was this show, movie-like type thing that I was going to go and see in the auditorium with Mom. It was going to be a combination of Celine Dion and a few other people singing and doing things and stuff. And one of the officiants in the VE specialist office -- I can't remember her name -- but it was Mrs. Bernard or somebody -- was going to show me a shorter way to get there. And she said that I had to go through the Teacher's Lounge and through some teachers' special areas that no other students could go. Well, when I started going through that area with her, it was like a long hallway and a tunnel and several twists and several little office areas to go through, and there was this sound system that was very quiet, but audible, and very keen and very thin and very blah -- no frequency band width to it whatsoever. And so, of course, just like the Dome, it was mixed with this "buzzzzzzzzzz" sound, and as you were walking through this hallway, you would hear the sound coming, there would be the speakers mounted -- some on the ceiling, some on the walls kinda of close to my waist height, and some on the floor. And you would be walking by and any time you would get near one of them, and you could feel the sound waves. It would just give your muscles these sensations, these shaky, jittery sensations and you'd like fall down and stuff, like when I walked under one, it gave me these like tingles down my spine and just made me shudder. And then I passed one at my waist height and it like almost made me fall down. And there was one -- I was coming up to one that was on the floor -- and I just kind of totally like freaked out. [laugh] And I can't remember exactly what I did, but this assistant just kind of was walking along ahead of me and this was normal, and who was I to think it wasn't. And I think that I forgot something out of my locker, and I had to go all the way back around, but I went the long way and I wasn't going to go the short way, so I went the long way again. And then I finally got to the auditorium and the show was like starting already. And there were bleachers in there and I was walking down these big bleacher things, and actually there were like bleachers on the side and everybody in the middle had like normal seats. And I was going to sit on like one of the big bleacher platforms up real close so I could see. But I got there and I sat down, and Celine Dion was like in these long leather pants and this black top like I have, and she was singing something -- I don't remember what -- and then in the middle of a song she like takes off her clothes in front everybody and changes into this black dress that's kind of to her knees. And nobody does anything, nobody in the video audience or the real audience does anything. They're just like, "Okay, this is normal." [laugh] You know, that's all I can remember. And I think there was some guy, like Michael Jackson who was singing too, and that's all. Obviously this was a spin-off on the Dome offices. It's just that my imagination went absolutely crazy because the Buxton House had a whole house system too, and, of course, theirs sounded nice, but now I hope I'm not going to have this dreadful memory every time I hear a whole house system like that. It's just that I had this dying curiosity of how they work and what makes them work and how they're wired and stuff. But when I don't know these things, it's kind of frightful. I don't know how to describe it. Especially when they make weird sounds and so weird things like that.