I was starting college again except this time I dreamt that I was starting my basics recording class and it's called Music and Computers. And I dreamt that starting the class we were going to start in a regular classroom and do a little bit of study on theory. And I don't remember too much except there were these things that some black girl copied off the board for me, and I could hardly read her handwriting, but I did recognize this formula that was kind of weird, and I couldn't put my finger on it right at the moment, but then I thought about it and I decided that that formula was the formula for finding the frequency of a note. And then I think -- I can't remember what we were doing -- everybody was kind of at a place that had a regular desk and then some other stuff. And for whatever reason, right at that moment I was out of class and I was setting up the Peavey system in this big open foyer because somebody was going to have a wedding or a party or some kind of a reception. And I turned it on kind of low, I thought it sounded from behind, but I guess from the front it was a little louder. Up in the balcony there was this guy that was yelling at me to turn it down some. And while I was like on the floor in this big open wooden floor, huge area rug room and there was these balconies all around, I guess kind of like the rotunda at the Dome except it was square and it had a wooden floor, but the acoustics were the same. And then, once it was on and I was kind of playing some easy listening stuff, I got word that the party had been like postponed for an hour or so, so I shut everything down and I was back with the class and we were going up this set of stairs to this band room. We weren't really in a line, we weren't going in any kind of order. We were just clumsily traipsing up the stairs. And this lady -- Irene Doppley or something like that -- I don't know who she was, but she pulled me aside and she gave me this present. And I was home in my studio and I opened it, and it was this inline amplifier that's supposed to make a signal from a microphone or instrument stronger with a little bit of effect before it goes like to a main house system. And it was like a little bigger than this tape machine. So that was really bizarre. [laugh]