I was already starting college and it was my first day of classes. And I was heading to my psychology class in the Social Arts Building and in my dream it was a lot shorter. It was almost a portable almost. And I was trying to, well, first of all before any of this, the DART cab was coming to pick me up, and I had to run back to the house to get something and I was carrying my Wilcox Center bag in my other hand, and it was so heavy, and I kept tripping and falling and tripping and falling. When I finally got back to the house I asked Mom for some money so I could pay the guy and she gave me some. And then I was there and the security guard stopped me and was talking and talking and I was late for class, and I went up to this portable that was supposedly the Social Arts Building and there was like this little doggie door that was like the first door that I could get in. And I like opened and it and it went, "Squeak" real loud and then I just closed it and I stood outside. And when the teacher came out a regular door, and he was like, "Come on in and sit down. This is the first day, and I've had a lot of people late today. Just come in and sat down." And so I did. And there was this assistant that was sitting by me, like Melinda would, and this assistant kind of reminded me of Randy. The teacher and the assistant kind of seemed to be doubles of each other, and doubles of this stranger person that was kind of like Randy. And they were talking about these chant songs and these songs with these sounds and these words in them, and the words were like all jumbled and we had to kind of make something of them. And there was this one that was like, "Leah, Leah, __________" -- they kept screaming that name, and other students in the class were talking about how in that culture that Leah was a higher spirit, a higher power that they were chasing. And the teacher passed out a packet of papers, it was like a booklet of these different words and what they meant, and his assistant was prodding me to go over to a CC TV and look at it and read what it says, so I could ______ with the rest of them. And I was kind of feeling like I shouldn't bother because I could always look at it at home and I should just listen now. And then I kind of started to fade into consciousness, and I realized, "Hey, this is only a dream. It's only July 18th or 19th. I don't have to study yet." And that's when I kind of went back to sleep and faded into the dark.