I was back at this place that was kind of, it kind of reminded me of like the Wilcox Center auditorium except it had a stage, and the room was kind of dark except for some stage lighting that was kind of bluish and a yellowish-whitish spotlight kind of in the middle of the room. And there was like a dance party going on, except the sound system was kind of low and it wasn't really all that loud. But there was cluddy techno going on, and I was with Astrid and Linda and there were some families and parents and things there. And there were some like bleacher seats, as though we were at the Eastport Bayfront Center or something like that. But there was this big open foyer for us to dance around and then there was a stage. And I would be like, I would meet Astrid and Linda around, and then I would leave them with some other people and then I would go mingle around with some other people and then I was going to just dance. And they kind of toned it down a little and they were getting ready to do this show. And what it consisted of was this animal trainer person who was there, and had an alligator that was like almost twice the size of a chichahua dog and he was on a leash and they were walking him around the stage. And all of us people from the Wilcox Center had to line up and walk up on stage and go by and pet the alligator and say something to it. [laugh] This is getting so bizarre! And then everybody was suddenly dressed like so nice. Somebody was in this like blue jacket and this black dress and everybody else was in like black dresses, and I couldn't figure out where I was going to be in line and I like wasn't even going to do this show thing. And Randy's yelling at me from the back of the room, "Jasmine, go to the back of the room." And then some other volunteers kind of helped me find my place. And before I could get up to the stage to the alligator, I kind of faded into another scene. I was in my studio and Terri was over working on my machine. And I had two monitors because what were supposed to be able to do is work from the PC and the Mac at the same time with the same mouse, but two keyboards and two monitors. And I can't remember what I was doing, but I was doing some kind of a script or something for that show. I was doing the audio and DP and the typing in Word all at once, and Terri was helping me. And then I just faded into consciousness.