I was in college again, but they were treating us like babies. There was this one woman teacher who had maybe fifteen or twenty of us that she had to take around to a various number of classes and we had all our classes together. And we had six periods a day, just like in high school. And fifth and sixth period we could go to by ourselves, but first through fourth we had to follow behind her in a line and she would leave us with these teachers and then come and check back with us. I think that was kind of a development from the Wilcox Center. This one class was supposed to be -- I can't remember why -- but in my dream I couldn't really stand up right. I had weak muscles and I kept wanting to let my head just drop to in front of my chest, and I couldn't hold my shoulders up straight. And the teacher dropped us off. We were in this big foyer, kind of like the Wilcox Center auditorium, and this professor was, I think it was Dr. Stephenson from Westport College, and he was leading this chorus of people a little young than me singing, "_____________" and so on and I wanted to go and join with them, so I came to the front of the line and the front of the like block of people and I stood. And again, I was having trouble holding myself up straight, and that one teacher kept coming over to me and tipping my head up and like straightening my shoulders and I just could not hold them up straight. Then, as we were singing and breathing and learning the song, the floor became more bouncing and more trampoline-y and more like a mattress, and it got bouncier and bouncier, the more we did. It became kind of like a moon walk thing almost, but it still looked the same. And when I tried to stand the way you're supposed to stand when your stand -- feet next to each other, everything in alignment -- I just could not stand; I would keep falling down. So I had to stand with one foot in front and one foot in back a little ways. Then I could sort of stay up for a little longer, but I would still fall down. And I don't remember too much more.