To start with I don't know if I was up here or back home, but I was at this bar with Mom and a few other people, I think one or two of my friends too. And there was this machine there, this vending machine, that you would put a quarter in and you would put a square, rectangular piece of bendy plastic in. It was like three dimensional. And then the machine would play a tune like "Old MacDonald" or "London Bridge" or some kids' song like that, while it was making the kid a figure. And it had like a little window where you could watch it through. And I can't remember, it wasn't scary, but the machine played "London Bridges" and "Bluebird" and a couple other things like that, but some of them I couldn't recognize. And I don't know what that had to do with anything, but I also, at this bar I was supposed to set up the sound system and do something, record something, I guess. And I didn't have the Peavey system; I had this big clunky thing. And somehow I made a recording with my voice talking over some music that's playing and making some announcements and stuff. And later on I played it back on my personal CD player. And it was so loud, my voice was like clipping, and I couldn't turn the volume down. It was like almost making me deaf, and it was like making my teeth rattle. [laugh] And that was kind of crazy. And so I figured, "Next time I have got to pay more attention to the V meters, and they had these racks of equipment and they had a tape recorder, a CD recorder and a couple other things like the radio station does. And I had to stand on a chair and I still couldn't see all the meters well enough. So then I kind of woke and went to a different scene. Then I fell back to sleep and I dreamt that Dad came up here. He drove up here [laugh] and I had another week to go of vacation in my dream. And he kind of like surprised us like Uncle Burt did at the farm that one day. But it wasn't a real pleasant surprise for me because this vacation is like supposed to be us away from home, and so he drove up here, and I thought, "Oh no, he's going to be tagging along with us the next week and he's going to rain on our parade." And he also saying things like, "Well, we should drive home together when your week is up. You shouldn't have to fly home. We should all drive home together." And I was like, "Oh no," that's the worst thing I could hear because, you see, I'm so grateful that flying gets us there in a few hours, but driving takes days on end. And it's like boring when it's just the three of us. And somehow they made it out to be more of a hassle to fly than to drive, so I dreamt that we were going to lose some morning because we didn't use our tickets, and we were going to have to drive home. And then I woke up, fortunately. Let's see, I'm trying to remember.