I was staying in a hotel by myself that was like a few blocks from home because I was, there was a solo competition thing and I had to be there a few nights. And they had, I think Mom was there; we walked down there. And I forgot a few things and I was thinking how once they showed me around and once I got settled, I could always walk back [tape flipped]. I forgot a few things, but I could still walk back to the house and get them. And I dreamt that, you know how they want me to have mobility and all, I dreamt that I was going to say that I forgot my cane, because I really did, but my motive for going back to the house and getting it was to get my CD player, which I forgot also. [laugh] And I dreamt that this hotel was kind of pretty ornate. I don't remember too much because it was a few days ago. And there was something else really interesting a few days ago, but, of course, I forgot. We've just been running and running and running and I have this dumb prepaid legal tape that I'm recording over, so I guess it can just run on and on and on, and it's like blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Now I remember what I was going to say before. A couple nights ago I dreamt that I was back at Westport High School again and I was preparing for this school-sponsored trick-or-treat thing for kids, and I had boxes of like food and candy and stuff in my book bag, and it was all on a dolly, like a cart thing, that I was ready to just wheel down the elevator and go off to where I needed to go. I was like upstairs in front of the Guidance Office. So I had Angel watch it so that nobody would mess with it while I went to go get some things out of my locker and go do a couple other things. So I'm doing a couple other things and then I come back and all the stuff is gone off the dolly cart thing, and Mom is upstairs in front of the Guidance Office with her bicycle with all the boxes on it. And Angel's like, "I stole your book bag" and she like threw it at me, you know, like they do sometimes. And I think Mom and I were going to go off to where we needed to go on the bicycle, but I don't know how we were going to get down the stairs. And then I woke up.