I'm back from my trip, but I dreamt that I was still on my trip. First of all, the weirdest part, I dreamt that Melinda had this car that had this alarm thing that she didn't know how to shut off, or else she couldn't turn off unless she was going something like 50 or 60 miles an hour, so I think I was in Mr. Jameson's PE locker room again. I keep having dreams about stuff like back at Westport High School, and I don't understand it. So I was in Mr. Jameson's locker room waiting for Melinda to pick me up, but yet I'm still on my trip. I don't understand this notion. [laugh] And there was like this indoor race track thing that Melinda was going to drive by and kick me up and go. And the thing of it was, she had to go as fast as she could and I had to jump in as fast as I could so that we could get to the 50 or so miles an hour she needed to shut the alarm off. That sounds like a movie to me. [laugh] And so I'm waiting there and I don't really remember her ever, I heard the car with the alarm going on because she had to slow down a little to get into the race track thing, and I like grabbed onto the door and like jumped in and slammed the door and we raced off. And I think we were going kind of slow, but she finally got the alarm to shut off. I couldn't move around or anything. And then I dreamt that I was back in that locker room, and I had these pants, of all things, these pants that had an alarm on them. [laugh] And how it would get activated is if you would touch the end of the belt strap to the belt buckle, that would complete some kind of circuit and it wouldn't go off until you had the belt actually buckled. That was weird! Then I can't remember -- oh, I was at either Aunt Christine's house or Uncle Larry's house -- I can't remember which house. And we had all these aunties visiting us. And Dad was supposed to ride up on his bike any minute, I think, and come join the visiting party. And for whatever reason, I had a portable two-way radio, not in my pocket but literally stuffed down into my pants. I don't know why, but I didn't have to be actually keying the transmitter. There was this Auntie Lovely, Mom called her, who had another one, and supposedly was listening in on everything we were saying, and I didn't actually have to be keying the transmitter to let her hear what was going on; it just transmitted by itself. And then, when we were sitting there visiting, Uncle Larry was setting up the boombox and just as he was setting it up, this Auntie Lovely lady is talking to me through the unit, and it's real, real loud, and she's saying that she's almost there and she's going to be here real soon, and not to cut the cake without her or something. And I was thinking, "Oh gosh, how embarrassing." And I was hoping that they couldn't tell it was actually me. I was hoping that they could just feel that the sound was like in the air or something. So I figure, "I have got to do something." So I came in and I went into the bathroom, and I was going to like turn the volume down or turn that thing off or something, but then I kind of drifted into another scene. And this scene was that Mom and I had our car to drive up in Jackson and I had made a CD of the blue Wee Sing tape with the "Bluebird" song and everything on it. And for whatever reason, I had heard it three times earlier in the week and I wanted to play it again while we were driving around town. And so we did, and we were playing "London Bridges" and "Bluebird" and all those other things while we were driving through town. And it wasn't scary or anything. It was just that there were other relatives in the car and I didn't want them thinking that I was a baby by wanting to play that. And I think shortly thereafter I faded into consciousness. Oh no, I didn't. There was more to it. Oh my gosh, this goes on and on and on. I'm going to use up this tape. I dreamt that after driving all around and stuff, going home was just like a bicycle ride away, and so Mom and I were going to just ride the thing home. [laugh] And we sat out there talking to Aunt Christine for another hour as if we really didn't want to go home, but we knew we had to. And it was like 11:00 o'clock at night and we were still talking. And she gave us a blanket and a sheet and a little portable boombox machine that was actually like a kids' thing that was shaped like a bunny rabbit. And Mom stuffed it in her bicycle basket and then we started bicycling home in the night. And that's -- oh, and I didn't wake up yet. I dreamt that we got home and I was squished between Mom and Mrs. Dougherty on our porch swing, and we were telling her about her trip and some of the things that happened. And that's when I woke up finally. Oh, that was just so weird. [laugh] I mean, I can't even begin to sort it out. I mean, I think, they always say that the subconscious is nowhere near as bridled as the conscious mind. I think my conscious mind is severely ridiculing my subconscious for coming up with such weird whacko ideas. [laugh] But, you know, there must be a factor going on in me somewhere that I need to pay attention to, I mean, as bizarre it may be. One other thing, I don't remember too much about the dream I was having last night, not last night but the night before when I slept downstairs on the air mattress, but I do remember, you know that thing that Mr. Romane taught us in 4th grade? It goes, "Fuzzy Wuzzy was a bear, Fuzzy Wuzzy had no hair, Fuzzy Wuzzy wasn't fuzzy, was he?" That was a little song that he taught us, and he wanted us to move our hands up and down according to the intervals of the notes, and that, for whatever reason, kind of scared me -- not in the dream, but in the class that he taught it to us did. And moving my hands up and down according to the notes made it feel worse because I couldn't put my hands how I normally put them when something scares me like that. And in my dream a couple nights ago I dreamt that I was in a public bathroom and they were playing that over the intercom, and it wasn't too much of a thing, but it was a little thing. And so I think half awake and half asleep, I turned over the way that I do. But I got the worst back ache and I realized that on that mattress it's not good for me to lay like that. That was crazy!