We'd just come home from our trip and last night I had a bizarre dream. I was in a bunk bed, if that had any effect on anything. First of all, I dreamt that I had to retake my AP test, and it wasn't the Spanish test; it was more of a test of the usage of English grammar and spelling, but mainly on what words had certain implications. And for some reason I had the notion that that test brought on a lot of feelings of pain and sadness and fear and all like that in me because in my dream I had the notion that I took the test a few years ago and I think I missed a question or two or three, and somebody who was giving the test wanted to give me a chance to redo it. And it was on a pink sheet of paper, but I had to put my new answers on the white sheet, just these three questions. And on the pink sheet were a couple of multiple choice questions at the top. Then, you know how Spanish verb conjugations have six lines going vertically down? Well, on these six lines, there were three sets of six lines, and on the first set of six lines I had to write, "Oh, do you know the Muffin Man, the Muffin Man, the Muffin Man? Oh do you know the Muffin Man that lives on Dreary Lane?" And on the next set of lines I had to write, "Oh yes, I know the Muffin Man," and on and on. And on the last set I had to write, "Now we all know the Muffin Man." And I think there were one or two other things like that, and I had the notion that you were supposed to spell "do" like, "Do you know the Muffin Man" "d-e-w" [laugh] and I was going to have something major wrong on the test because I didn't spell it that way, but I wasn't sure, so I left it. And I answered a few of the multiple choice questions about certain words, but they were like whacko questions. I can't remember them exactly, but it asked about the odd meaning of odd words with kind of a strange implication factor. And I dreamt that I was telling somebody that having to finish that test brought back a lot of pain that I felt when I took the test that I all forgot about. And it wasn't necessarily just a fear, but it was a fear-sadness type of a thing. And I don't know what all that's about; that was weird. But somehow I felt, I woke up in the middle of the night because the air conditioner was too cold, and then I went back to sleep, and dreamt that it was Halloween and it was 5:00 o'clock in the evening. I had no candy to give out except for a little bag. I had no sound system on the porch because Mom kept putting off and putting off getting on her bike and going to get some candy from the supermarket. Dad was putting off and putting off going to the garage and fixing the Peavey system. So I dreamt that not only did I have to set up the Peavey system and all its parts, but I had to set up the CD thing and the wireless mic and everything all in about ten minutes, and I was feeling really, really overwhelmed. And there were these two teenage boys already ding-donging the doorbell and trick-or-treating. And I just barely had something to give them and a few decorations out. And then that was that. I faded into another scene that I was re-recording over the lullaby tape because the last song had accompaniment but no words. And I dreamt that I could just put the tape in and hit "record" and the recorder would automatically mix the new increment signal with the old. And it was a song that goes, [singing] "Golden slumber then you'll rise, ________ away to ________. Sleep pretty baby, do not cry, and I will sing a lullaby." But anyway, I was re-recording that and then I faded into consciousness. I sort of had the notion that I had really don that, and I was realizing that I should have first copied the tape sound track accompaniment onto a CD RW, then mixed it with my mixer with my voice and recorded that mix onto the tape, not just the voice. And somehow I had the notion that that was all correlated, and the taking the test thing really had an impact on me. I mean, I didn't really feel it, but I sort of did. And I wondered have I taken any tests lately that have had some subtle implications that have blocked some subconscious things on, or what's the deal here? So that's that. I'm using up tape like crazy, I'm sure.