I'm not sure how much tape I have left, so I guess I'll have to be prepared to stop when I hear the thing coming to the end, and then start my sentence over again when it auto-reverses. Anyway, I had a kind of a blah dream last night. I dreamt that, for whatever reason, Dad had this mission to do somewhere up in the middle of the state. I think it was a medical thing. And he was going to leave -- I think it was Thursday -- and he was going to leave in the middle of the night and he was going to be gone Friday, Saturday and Sunday and he was going to be coming home sometime on Monday night. And while he was gone Mom and I and everybody -- it was kind of understood that Mom and I were going to go up to Modern Media College (?) by ourselves [laugh] and have a tour there. And get this -- Samantha, Sandra and Derek were going to meet us there. [laugh] And we were all going to come home and have a big house party at home. And I think they were going to hang around for the week, but I can't remember. They might have been going to be gone by the time we got home, I can't remember. But it was some party that we were really looking forward to. And so I think it was that he left in the middle of the night, and then it was the next day, and early Friday morning he was home. And for some reason, I can't remember why, the trip for us to Modern Media College was off, and we communicated to Samantha, Sandra and Derek that they should come meet us down in Westportrsburg instead. And they weren't supposed to get here until Saturday afternoon. Well, you know, Dad has to be thinking about every single thing. He was starting to do a lot of that around the house, and I was thinking, "Why the heck are you home so soon anyway?" And I couldn't wait for Samantha, Sandra and Derek to get here, but I woke up before they did. And also in this dream, again before any of this happened, I dreamt that we were watching this spoof on the Mermaid movie, and there was this part to it that I never saw before. It was like telling some of the historical aspects of some of the characters that I never knew, like I guess some of Eric's friends. And Eric's friends were Arabic, and I dreamt that Eric was Arabic like Aladdin is. I guess the media is taking over. And I guess the movie showed the history of it. Wait, I think it's going to flip. No, it's not, I've got a ways yet. Anyway, it showed the history of Eric's background, which I'd never seen before, and I think there was one brief scene in the movie where King Triton was eating French soup or spaghetti or something. [laugh] That was odd! Now I know there was something else to this, but I can't remember what it was. Oh, I know, during all the nit-picking and stuff, I was on the phone with Jane, and she had a lower voice, and she had matured a little more, and she talked about things that were more diversified and she was a little more pleasant to talk to. And I guess that's that. I guess it came from the fact that Mom and Dad are going to take this defensive driving course to kind of lower their insurance rates, and it's four hours each day on two days, and it was on a Monday and a Tuesday, are the two days that they're going. And, you know, I get a ____ for them Tuesday and Thursday, so, of course, I wish they'd go on a Monday and Wednesday, but it's not given on Wednesdays. Oh well.