I was at Westport College, going to my classes, going about my business. But in my dream my classes were kind of boring, and I had the notion that Mom was telling me that Mrs. Dougherty was in the hospital for some reason. And I can't remember, but she told me that she had really changed. And I had a vision of kind of in this dream, I kind of had a vision of the scene that Mom was telling me about. It was like a vision within a dream, of Mrs. Dougherty standing out in the hallway in front of the little theater at Westport High School kind of crying and feeling really dejected, and saying through her tears how she was just totally so disappointed with all her students and totally jaded by all of them. And she decided that teaching high school music just wasn't for her, and she was going to have to find some other profession, but it was in a really boring field she didn't really like. And I don't know why, whether it was for a nervous breakdown or for something unrelated or what, but she was in the hospital. And I dream that Mom was going to pick me up from Westport College at lunch time and take me there. And I had this thank you card that I wanted to give her from graduation, which I really do; it's sitting on my desk. But in my dream I was going to give it to her when Mom brought me over there. And I started out at Westport College in the morning, and instead of being in my class, my first class was in this bedroom and the guy was like 18 and he was a black guy and he was an instructor. I had a feeling it was Lorenzo from the electronics class. And it was me and him and four other boys that were going to be in his class that was taught in his bedroom. [laugh] And he and the guys left, and I just kind of sat there bored for like half an hour, drawing and writing, and he came back and I said, "Okay, I'm ready." And he just said this silly little poem to us and then it was time for us to go to lunch. And I stood out where I usually wait for the cab, but in my dream I was waiting for Mom. And then I woke up. I think this came from the fact that Mrs. Dougherty called Mom and wants her to help hem dresses, and I want to give her that thank you card, and I'm kind of worried about how she's doing this year. I know her kids seemed better last year, and I hope they're better this year. Anyway, that's that.