What was I going to say? Oh, I get a little flustered sometimes; can you tell? This is a tape that used to be something boring that came in the mail that had a Braille label and I managed to rip it off, and I used this tape for me and ____ to goof around, as you could hear at the beginning. And so now I've got ample space left and I can't bear to just waste it, so I'm going to use it for some more dreams. I had the neatest one last night. First of all, let me start off like this, this is one of the bizarre parts. I dreamt that Celine's song, "Prayer" [she sings part of it] it starts off and the two verses go on just like they're supposed to, but in my dream there was no third verse and that magical key chain that she does in most of her songs. It was a car commercial in place of it. Can you believe it? And that's how I dreamt that it was recorded, and there was just nothing, it was like a big disappointment. And then I dreamt that I can't remember where I was or what I was doing -- but I was at this building -- I think it was a school or an office building or something; I can't remember what. But I needed to get on this elevator, and it was kind of a scary one because the building was twelve stories and I needed to go up to the 10th floor, so I hit #10 and we got there surprisingly fast. And I can't even remember what I was doing. Come to think of it, I think it was the Dome. I had to get up to the very top to do something with the sound board or something. And so I was at #10 and then I needed to get back down because I left my papers with the receptionist. And I got in the elevator and I needed to go ten stories down, and I hit #10 and I didn't grab the railing, and it just started to drop rapidly. And it's one of those things where you feel like you're falling and your reflexes make you physically jump and sometimes make you wake up. Well, I didn't wake up, but I felt myself jump, and I grabbed the railing and then I was okay, but it was like, "Ahhhhh," free-fall. And that was really scary because I could feel myself getting closer and closer to the ceiling and then grabbed the railing and then I was okay. So I got down, and I had the feeling like the door wasn't going to open immediately, but it did. And you know what was fascinating, there was so much more to do, but I can't remember. I let the day get away from me because I was putting this off.