I had kind of an interesting dream last night because it was like very vivid. I dreamt that we were going camping with Uncle Charlie and Aunt Polly on a Sunday up to, I think it was something like Goldhead State Park, or something like that. And Astrid, when the dream took place, it was like a Wednesday, it was like a few days before camping, Astrid was over and, well, I think even before Astrid got there, Dad was being a little crabby like he gets some times, and Astrid shows up and then Uncle Charlie and Aunt Polly show up. And I'm thinking, "Oh good, we might be able to go a little early," and, of course, a lot of people to be with, so things will be under control. And I think Uncle Charlie and Aunt Polly came into my bedroom and I was like half naked, and I got a top and I put on a top, and I had to go pee and do a bunch of other things. And little did I know, but Astrid was sitting around bored most of that time. And I came into the living room and she was telling Uncle Charlie and Aunt Polly, "Twice now this has happened. She asked me over and got totally distracted," something like that. And I came and sat down next to her. She was still talking as I was walking up because she didn't now I was coming. And then I sat down and I took her hand and I talked to her to let her know I was there. And she moved her hand against my shoulder, which she's never done before in real life, and I was like, "I'm sorry, I just had a lot of cleaning to do and stuff." And then when she was, a little while later, she leaned up and kind of kissed me on the cheek. [laugh] And then, here comes the really bizarre part. I dreamt that this camping trip -- well, not just for this camping trip -- it had been done before, to have my whole system and everything piled into the back of the car, have the back seat taken out replaced with my desk and all my equipment. And I think I was counting on this setup for this trip because it was going to be quite a drive and I had some work to do for, I think for Dr. Moran, but I'm not sure who. And I can't remember what in the world I was working on, but it was some kind of sequence. I kind of was thinking at that point that I would have access to the thing at school before I left [laugh], and I could do some of it there. And then suddenly in the course of all this, the scene shifted and I was at Dr. Moran's lab, except it was a huge room, and there were 40 or 50 work stations, kind of like in the commons on the second floor of the Business Tech Building that people were telling me about. Well, this place was like that except the work stations were like I'm used to working at. And somebody, like two or three work stations down from me, wanted to put a picture of Santa Claus on their desktop, and actually it was a picture of her uncle dressed as Santa Claus. [laugh] And I heard somebody warning the person, like the Santa Claus picture that she had might have a virus in it, but nobody seemed to really concede. And then next thing I knew, everybody had Santa Clauses on their desktops because, I guess in that situation, it would be like a network and I guess what would happen to one would happen to all of them. But I had a Santa Claus on my desktop, but I wanted to get rid of it because I wanted the picture that I had before which I can't remember what it was. I didn't have a picture in real life, but in my dream I was used to having a picture of me in my home studio, I think. And so I wanted that picture back. And in the a process of trying to get rid of this Santa Claus and get my picture back, something happened, and I can't remember if it was serious or not. But it was kind of in a fog and I faded into yet another scene, that I was at home and I was listening to like the American Idol on 94.9, and it had somebody doing their version of Celine's "On the Line" and it sounded darned close, but it wasn't. And then they were doing like other people's versions of other songs. I can't remember exactly what they were. And then I woke up.