Well, I guess you could say I had three dreams last night because it spanned three different areas. After all, they say we have a minimum of three dreams a night and a maximum of nine, so I guess I remember all three last night. First of all, this is kind of, we were watching -- oh, wait a minute -- I think there were even some more. I remember a fourth part to this. My goodness! Seeming you remember little parts, your imagination cues and you remember the rest. Dad and Mom and me and even some other people were on this boat, and I can't remember for sure, but we were going to dock somewhere for the night, and we were going to keep going and then we were going to come back and dock in a different place for the night. And I think what it was, is we were trying to figure out where to dock. There was this docking place that was kind of old-fashioned that was built with like a porch swing and some interesting things, and a little lodge thing. And I don't remember why we chose that place, but kind of for the reason that we chose bed and breakfasts over just hotels. And let's see, I really don't remember the details, but it was something about this place where we were going to dock, kind of it was an open, it was a real live environment, like we were under water, but it wasn't; it was on top. It was like this hotel place. And so then the next scene was, is we were in this hotel place kind of sitting around, but it kind of turned into our living room, and we were watching -- or at least I was watching -- Celine's Las Vegas show on TV, and how some of the things were just so complicated. And then at the end of the show it had a feature that showed her dying of a virus that she contracted from Reyna, and that was like the worst thing. And then I think the next part of the dream was that I was in Dr. Schumann's class for Psychology and he was showing us different pictures in the book, like a baby, or a horse, or other things and asking us, "What do you think people would think when they see this symbol?" And the class was like totally out of it, but I was real involved and real excited about what he was talking about and everything. Then the next part was that I was in the bathroom of the Social Arts Building at Westport College that kind of put me in mind of the Bell Building at Westport High School. And there was this boy in there that, well, I just sort of knew that the alarm box in the bathroom wasn't working and this boy knew that a fuse had to be replaced, and he had the correct kind of fuse with him. And the boy wanted me to be in there with him when he was doing this because he said that I knew something about electronics that he was unsure of. He had this kind of real mamby pamby lack of self-confidence. So how it ended up was that I was sitting in the bathroom stall on the toilet, not really having to go, just sitting in there. And I heard him clinking and screwing and messing around, but I didn't see what he was doing, of course. And I was just sitting on this toilet totally terrified in fright of what was going to happen if the system sounded. And I was kind of like cowering down and something like that, and the boy assured me that when the alarm system is tested, it's only going to sound at like a quarter of the strength that it would if it was really a real incident. So believing him, I was a little at ease, but I was still real frightened of the whole thing. And [sigh], let's see, oh, when he finished and he put the thing all back together, he tested it and it was only a quarter of the intensity. In fact, I could barely hear it, and he was like, "How do I get this thing to come on full?" meaning the alarm system. And I was like, "I don't know, but you could ask the maintenance people." And he was a nice boy. He wasn't one of these teenage sadists, so he gave me time. He said he was going to give me time to get outside and get far away from the building and all like that, and when I went out the back of the Social Arts Building, it was like the track on the PE field of Westport High School, and I sat down near these people that I thought I knew. I started talking to them and they said how, for degree-seeking students, how your first semester was like four general ed classes, boom, boom, boom. And that's what they took, and they said how bored they were. And I was glad I wasn't in their position. And I think that the last part of this dream was that I was back in Dr. Schumann's class, and he wasn't showing us symbols like a baby or a horse. He was showing us more serious symbols like what does it mean to speak to people, how do you think people feel when they have their eyes covered? What happens when they hear certain things? And just real in-depth things like that. And again, the class was like, "Uh, uh, uh, uhhh...." And I was raising my hand and wanting to talk about some of these things, and he was like looking around for the rest of the "Uhhhhh, uhhhhh" people and trying to enlist them into paying attention and stuff. And then I woke up. [laugh] I have a voice analysis to give about the second part of this dream, the part about being in the bathroom with that boy while he was fixing the alarm box in the bathroom. I think that, first of all in this case, the bathroom does not represent a cleansing environment. It might, but most likely it represents a live environment which would be the worst place that a person would want to be when an alarm system sounds. But what it could be is it could be a cleansing place that appears to have some kind of frightening thing to overcome in order to cleanse yourself. And, of course, the alarm system is the major element of fear in this part, and represents something majorly frightening. The boy, I tend to think, represents a higher power, because the boy really is sympathetic to my being afraid of the alarm system, but he wants me to participate in the operation that he is doing, even though he knows that I'm majorly afraid of it, because he thinks that I can contribute to it in some positive way. And he assures me that it won't be as bad as I'm making it out to be. And also he isn't, he gave me plenty of time to escape when he did want the system to sound at full capacity. So I think there's something going on here, something that needs to occur in my life that may seem frightening, but is worthwhile and I just to have to go through it. [laugh] I don't know. This is deep, man. [laugh]