It wasn't all that odd, but I wish I would quit having dreams about programs I used to mix sound. I mean, it's getting a little crazy now. [laugh] I'm not really sure which of these scenes came first, but I think this is the first one. I was -- how come I can't talk this morning? Okay, I think I'm ready. I was at this -- no, wait -- first I was at the house and my Mac machine was on the front porch. In place of the white bench there was a little table where I was sitting and working. And I was working on some part of DP all visually because the rest of my system was all upstairs, but for some reason that was there, I guess because in my dream Dad figured we could both work side by side, because he would be in the foyer and I would be out there. But the rest of my system wasn't there with it, and I was thinking, "How in the world am I going to be able to get this back to my studio where my audio system is. Even my task scan was still up here. And just about that point I was deleting a few sound bites, and I was working on something in DP, and Margaret and Ken's mother and their family were inside. I don't know how they got there; they didn't walk past me from the front door. And I think Melinda was there too. And it was like a post-graduation. We didn't get to come to the party, so let's have the party at your house kind of party, even though in real life they did come to graduation. And so I got up from my work for a minute and head into the kitchen to go say hi and then come back and shut down. But before I knew it, I was dancing with them, I was partying with them, I was opening presents with them. And it was dark by the time the party was like in full swing, and I realized I didn't get to shut down. And Dad said, "Don't worry, I shut down for you already." And that was that. And then out of the group of people that was there, there was this one black girl, and her name was Arkisha, and Dad was talking on the phone to a Geico agent named Arkisha before. But this girl Arkisha was about my age and she wanted to go to Westport College with me, and she said that she had these friends that were in this Spanish band that were doing some kind of recording test in Dr. Moran's lab, and it was like they're weren't testing out the equipment. The test was on them to see how well they knew how to use the equipment. And Arkisha thought that I knew a lot and wanted me and this other boy to come and help them because they needed assistance. And so in my dream Westport College was like just a walk away, like up on 7th Street, and it was more trouble to wait for the cab than to just walk over there. So we walked over there and I was barefoot, and I had like real sloppy clothes on, and we were walking around the school. And in my dream it was neat to feel the surfaces of the floor and stuff with my bare feet. And we went into Dr. Moran's lab, and it was bigger and it had a blue floor. And there was this little area off to the side where people let bands go when they have to record, which there really isn't. It was like an enclosed glass area with a stage and a sound board. And we were in there and Dr. Moran said that I couldn't help those boys because I knew too much and that I wasn't going to be just a hand, I was going to be wanting to tell them lots of information for their test. And so I was going to go home, and so I was walking out and walking home and again, it was more trouble to wait for the cab than to just walk home because I only had to go like two blocks. And then before I got home, I kind of started waking up, and then I realized where it really was and that it really was too far to walk. And then I kind of faded into consciousness.