We were going up to ________  again, or somewhere up there, I wasn't exactly sure where it is, and we were going to stay at this rental like party house with, instead of Aunt Janice and Uncle Larry and Uncle Charlie and Aunt Polly, we were going to stay with Samantha, Sandra and Derek and Aunt Christine and Burt and Josie and Bobby. And there were about two or three bedrooms on the bottom floor, like two bedrooms on the top floor, and one bedroom at the very tippy top of the third floor. And mine was up on the third floor. Mine was the top one because I had like a lot of sound equipment that I was bringing in for their party, and, come to think of it, it wouldn't make sense to put me and my equipment on the third floor. It would make sense to put us on the ground floor! But in my dream I was on the third floor and this place had an elevator, so I guess I could get it down alright. And to get there I think Mom and Dad preceded me because I had one more day of classes or something. And so I was on this bus, and I had two Peavey Escort systems for some crazy reason, I had a bunch of other stuff, but I wasn't sure exactly what. And I never actually had it in my hands. I had a few people helping me get it on the bus and into this cargo bay, and then when I got there, I don't remember getting there; I just remember suddenly being there. And I don't remember too much about the party we were having, but I do remember staying there, and I sort of remember something about us being together for like a little party or something, and it was outside on the deck. I had the Peavey system out there with the wireless mic. And then we kind of all went to sleep. I had the notion that the party was on the last night that we were going to be there, so after the party I didn't take the Peavey system down and bring it back to my room or anything, I just left it set up. And we all kind of went to sleep. And I remember that night I didn't go up to my room on the third floor with some other equipment piled into my room. That night I just went to _____ and I crashed in Samantha, Sandra and Derek's room with them. And the next morning -- you know how Dad likes to leave out of the house like 4:00 o'clock in the morning if we've got to drive across the state so we can get home at like a reasonable hour? Well, that's what we did, and, of course, I don't have any brains at that hour and then I think we were in the car and halfway through coming home, I realized I forgot both of the Peavey systems and all my other equipment. I left it there. And it was really a bad thing because Halloween was right around the corner. And we called Uncle Burt on the cell phone and he said, "No problem, we'll swing by that way on the next step on our trip. We'll bring it and drop it off for you." And we said, "Okay, that would be great." And, let's see, oh, when we got home, Uncle Burt had sent a new bag of Halloween things for me, like some plastic rats and some spiders and two statues -- no, three or four statues of cats coming out of pumpkins and ghosts and various things and like lab (?) statues that were like about as tall as my figures now. And there was a statue of Sir Mix-a-Lot, and at the base of the figure it said, "Baby Got Back." [laugh] And, of course, Mom was complaining. Oh, and there was one other thing he gave me. It was like a head, a pilgrim head on a stick with a stand. And Mom was really upset because she didn't want to store all this new Halloween stuff. And she was like totally spoiling it for me. And all this stuff was meant to be a thank you for DJ'ing their party or something like that. And then I began to fade into consciousness and I was still kind of out there, but I realized that my Peavey system is on the porch. I just handled it last night, but I was wondering if I had left the wireless mic and other stuff over there. And then when I really came to, I realized that I only have one and it's all in my c__________ and that was just a dream. [laugh]