I had kind of a funky dream about Astrid. I dreamt that it was kind of daylight, but I was still half asleep, and there was somebody in my bed and I thought it was Mom, so I rolled over and put my arm around her like when I do when Mom's in my bed. Well, after a while, she turned over and started talking to me, and I realized it was Astrid and she was kind of holding me too, just like Mom does. But for some reason she was calling herself Krystal. And we were talking about various things, like I don't think she told her Greek mythology story again, but she was thinking how, she was just chatting like people do. And, let's see, I think we got up and we were rearranging my closet, putting some clothes in order and stuff, and I was showing her my porcelain dolls and she was like changing. In life we just dress in front of each other because, first of all, she can't really see so it's not a big deal to her. And, of course, I'm a natural body person so it's not important to me. And so it just works out both ways and we just dress right in front of each other. So that's what we did in my dream. And I had this glow worm that I was showing her [laugh] and the glow worm had like a head band with a butterfly, and she was going to take the butterfly off the head band. Here's where it gets bizarre [laugh]. So anyway, she wanted to take the butterfly off the head band of the glow worm and put it on a ribbon to tie around her waist -- I don't remember how and it was kind of a little scary -- but I was, for some reason she like did something really weird and I had to explain to her about a woman's body and why her private area was important to be clean and covered and all. And she seemed to understand, she seemed to be taking it like a sisterly thing. And then I woke up. And it's funny because oftentimes when I first wake up I can't remember my dream at all. And I just have to think for a while. And sometimes they come to me in the middle of the day. Most people it's just the opposite, and that's how this one worked.