Consisted of a lot of different components and scenes last night, so I'll try to remember what I can. There's no guarantee it'll be in any kind of order, but oh well. First of all I dreamt that we rented the Coliseum. I'm not sure if we rented the Coliseum or if we were just going to a dance that was held there. But we had the Coliseum, we were there, and it was going to be this Valentine's Dance with this band, Tommy and the Fiends (?), I think, or something similar. And some of the fireman people and different friends of ours were going to be there. And I dreamt that, for whatever reason, we were riding our bikes over, so we wore our sloppy clothes over and we were going to change into our dresses when we got there. And I was going to wear my nice red dress and some nice jewelry, and my Mom was going to wear her Franny dress. And you know what? I had the notion that this was a Valentine's and a Halloween Dance -- is that bizarre or what? Well, so anyway, we got over there and Mom forgot the dresses, so she had to go all the way back home and I was sitting in the Coliseum lobby and Dad should meet me there. And I think I was there before him. And I had the notion that all of our friends were there too, but I didn't know who they were. And somebody up at the desk suggested that they all watch Braveheart while they were waiting, and it was like a pay per view movie, and anybody who wanted to watch the movie had to pay. But they said, "If you want to watch the movie, show me by looking at the TV. If you don't want to watch the movie, look over at that thing on the wall over there." And, of course, I was just looking down the whole time, so I think it was obvious that I didn't want to watch the movie, but I wasn't sure. And so then all of a sudden I think I was in school and I was waiting for them to bring the costumes in school. And I was in Dr. Moran's lab and I had the notion that I had written a report in there and I had to print something, like Mom brought the first three pages of my report but she forgot the fourth one, so I had to go in and I had to print my fourth one. And that was successful. And also, then after I printed my fourth report page, I went to Cake Walk, even though it looked totally different than what I'm used to it looking like in real life, and I dreamt that I had, I was mixing like a scene from the Little Mermaid, and I had too many tracks and an audio track, and I don't remember what was in them except it was the Ursula scene. And I had to mix down the two _____ tracks into audio track, then I had to mix the two audio tracks down into one, so I had to do a lot of complicated maneuvers in order to do this, and in my dream I had a nice big cursor that I could follow fast, and I didn't have this "when you flow" factor like I do in school. And then as I was doing all this, a girl came on next to me and said something like, "Hey, what are you doing?" And she kind of distracted me, and I think -- I can't remember -- but then the scene like suddenly changed and I was back at the Coliseum, but I was outside like on a beach, and I dreamt that now Dad wanted us to wait for him on this beach, and he was coming with Mom with the dresses after a while. And they were having a little party on this beach, and I was sitting under a little umbrella so that I wouldn't get burned by the sun, and I was sitting on this like lawn chair that was like a couch almost. So I put my feet up and was laying back, and there were other people milling around getting like food and c_____s and stuff, and I had this small radio, about the size of my tape machine, maybe a little bigger, and it had an antenna that was kind of standing up, and it was on, but it was kind of quiet, and I was concerned about when people go by, was it going to be really odd or what? [laugh] You know, like ________. And I was laying there, like, "Dee dee, la dee dah," taking it all in, and then I woke up. I never did get to the Coliseum dance.