Let's see how much of it I can actually remember. First I dreamt that me and Samantha and Sandra and Derek and a couple other people were staying in this house, like a bed and breakfast, except the owner wasn't there. It was just the place was all to ourselves. And we were doing a bunch of things, I can't remember what, and it was our last night there and somebody warned me that they were going to have to do a fire drill just because it was in the protocol that they had to do it, but that none of us had to be there when they did it because they just had to test the alarm system. So I was getting dressed and I was getting my clothes on really fast, hoping that I could get out there before they actually did it. So I was getting dressed and I grabbed my bags and I slipped my shoes on and I went outside. And I put my bags by the truck, and I started walking down the alley a little ways so that I could be further away from the building, I guess. And I was just standing, when I thought I was far enough away. Well, Samantha, she comes out and she has this red thing in her hand. I guess I thought it was one of the sound emitters from the building [laugh], and she had it in her hand, and I start running, and she says, "Oh, smart girl!" And she catches up to me and she stuffs this thing in my back pocket, and I rip it out and I throw it and I keep running. And she grabs it and she runs after me, and she comes near me with it again, and I ran some more until I was far enough away and then I stopped. And then I dreamt that I was in class. I didn't know if it was Business Law class or one of my new classes for next semester, but I was in class and they were doing busy book work in class, which is very rare, and I was doing mine and I was looking at something that I wrote. I mean, I was looking, I had this paper and it was, it had a big design on the top of an Indian holding a bow and arrow, and I was looking at something that I had printed on it from my machine upstairs here, like I had a printer. And I printed right over the top of this bow and arrow picture, and it was a big, like half a page, picture. And it was something very personal. It was a journal entry about the thing in the last scene about staying in the picture, running away from Samantha. And then I was like in the kitchen with Mom, and I was standing up on this -- oh, wait -- after the bow and arrow paper thing, some girl kind of got a little faint and leaned on my desk, and the teacher came to the other side of my desk and was trying to support her. And I got like smashed in between them so that I could hardly breathe. I was feeling very faint, and I couldn't duck my head and get out from under them or between them or anything. And I can't remember any more.