I remember a bunch of scenes, but I can't really tell you which ones came first. But I'll do my best at putting them in order. This is going to be another one that uses up a lot of tape, I think. First, I think, I was having lunch with Ms. Garland at this little strip of shops and restaurants that I had the notion was part of the Westport College campus or just off of it or something. We were eating there and there were some interesting places there, and I was watching the time close because I had to get up to class. And so I went over to the Fine Arts Building, which looked more like the Media Center from Westport High School, and I went into class. Then next day I was there with Mom and it was like evening time, and I think I had asked her to take me to a bar or take me dancing or something, since I'm 18 now. And so we were going to this little restaurant place that we thought was going to be cool, and they had this table and chairs outside with their sound system set up and this band that was playing some good stuff. And we were dancing and dancing for a while, I think, and then she's like, "I've got to take you somewhere else for a minute, but we'll come back here, I promise." And she took me into this store, or some kind of place, next door in the shopping plaza thing. And it had an ivory-colored, off-white colored floor. It was almost yellow because of the lights. It was like Circuit City or something. And she was going to like boost me up on her shoulder. She used to be able to do that, but now Dad's only strong enough to. But anyway, in my dream she could still boost me up on her shoulder. She's like, "One, two, three," and I was like perched on her shoulder and she was showing me this shelf way up high that had like six keyboards laid out on it. And I was like, "Wow!" And so then she got me down and we went back dancing at that place for a while [laugh] and I'm trying to think here. And I think we danced or something, or we ordered some food or something, but then the scene just sort of like changed, and I was in the Fine Arts Building, which like I said, which kind of looked like the Media Center at Westport High School. And I was trying to find my class, I was trying to find Dr. Moran's lab in there, and I was walking around this hall and I came across this room that I went in. It was really dark and there were three or four girls kneeling in there rehearsing this song in harmony, and I didn't know then that I didn't know the song, and I had this like furry purse with me that was black and I sort of in my head called it a mink purse. And so I didn't really know them and so I just left, and I was coming down the stairs, and the stairs were real, real narrow. There was no railing on one side, and there was a sort of a "meh" railing on the other side, and I was going down the stairs and I managed to get down alright, sort of. It was really steep and really narrow, like I dream about stairwells being sometimes. It wasn't dark and scary like they are sometimes, it was just hard for me to navigate, especially with the purse that turned into my book bag in the other hand. And I got down and Mom -- I can't remember if it was Mom, I think it was Mom -- picked me up in the truck, and we were going to the park. And when we got to one intersection there were like, I couldn't see them but she told me they were there -- there were like two fire trucks, a rescue truck, and a ladder truck, I think -- four trucks all together. And I kind of felt like maybe Dad was in one of them and they were going to a call. And they were all running their lights and sirens. How it would work was they would only run their lights and sirens when they were moving, so when they stopped at a red light, they wouldn't run them. And so it seemed that they would always be an intersection ahead of us, and when we would catch up to them and stop at their intersection, we would all go at the same time. And then when their lights and sirens would race past us and I would hear them real loud for minutes and then they'd be like past us. And then they would wait at the next intersection until we got there, and they wouldn't go until we got there. And then they ran their lights and sirens real loud in our faces again. And they did that like three times and I was like terrified when we got to the park. But fortunately, when we got to the park, they turned down another street and were gone. And then I woke up. [laugh]