I had a very lucid dream last night, very lucid and very memorable. That is why it's still with me in the middle of the day, because I was too lazy to go get another tape this morning. So that's that. I don't think I'd do as vivid of a description if I recorded it in the middle of unconsciousness, like when I first wake up. But anyway, last night I dreamt that Mom and I were walking home from someplace and we were talking about getting Dad this vintage collectible fire truck, remote control activated thing, for Christmas, you know, like the things Derek used to have. And we were saying how great it would be because it was nice and painted, and I had the notion that he collected fire memorabilia, but he doesn't -- Quinn does. And so we were talking about getting that for him, but then I realized that when you make it back up, it does this stupid back-up alarm sound and that wouldn't be good. So we decided not to get it for him. But, you know, he got it for himself, and I kind of had the notion in my mind that he had agreed to -- I guess play with it while I wasn't home, kind of like I blast the sound system while he's not home. But anyway, in amongst all that ruckus I dreamt that I was watching a Celine Dion Las Vegas concert on Mom's TV in her room, and I guess I think I remember watching her sing a song of some kind, kind of like a _______, something in Latin, in a black dress. [laugh] And then the pace picked up a little bit, but instead of singing, for all her dancers and cast, she was like suggesting fashions that would look good on them, going around and giving them these clothes to change into. And this one girl got pants that were slightly longer than the shorts of the others, and she asked why and Celine politely put it that her thighs were a little big and she needed something longer to make them look prettier. And I don't think that went over too well with the girl. And then, in the middle of the TV thing, I heard Dad's fire truck thing that he supposedly got for himself in my dream, outside. Speaking of back-up alarms, there's two of them going at the construction site across the street, but they're not the scary kind. I don't know if this will pick them up or not. They stopped now. But anyway, I heard his thing that we supposedly got for him outside in the back yard and I had the notion that he was running it in the dirt, and I couldn't see it, and it was going, "Doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo" and I could hear it from inside, so I was kind of like in a panic. And I went in my closet and I closed the door, and I sat and I covered my ears, but it was still the same level, in fact it was coming a little closer and getting a little louder. And he was even running his belt sander to cover up the sound so I wouldn't hear it, and it was still audible to me. And, you know, in real life that wouldn't be true. [laugh] But soon after I woke up and I realized it was all a dream. [laugh] They've been advertising the Hess (?) truck, you know, that they do every year on pretty much everywhere I've been listening, so maybe my subconscious was remembering the little truck that Brittany had that would make that crazy sound when it would back up. And Brittany was sensitive, though, she wouldn't do it while I was around once she figured out that it scared me. In fact, she was trying and trying to turn the sound off of that thing. And I think I was combining those two. You know, I don't know, I think that it's one of those crazy things that just comes up as a figment of the imagination. I don't think it means anything. One more thing, while I was cuing up a VS tape to record "American Dreams" last night, there was a Celine Dion Oprah Winfrey interview preview thing, and she was singing, and I had to put the tape on fast forward, but I wanted to watch the picture, so it was like, "do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-ahhh." [laugh] And I guess I was imagining all kinds of crazy things going on as I was watching the elaborate Las Vegas show go by really, really, really, really fast. And I think that's it.