At first I wasn't going to record it, but then I realized if I'm going to be true to myself while I'm doing all this psychoanalysis, I have to record it. I can't just portray myself favorably like human nature says we do, because then I'd be calling the kettle black, trying to figure out everybody else's mishaps. So no matter how embarrassing it might be at times, I'm going to try to tell all that comes into my life. I dreamt that Samantha, Sandra and Derek were in town, and they were kind of planning something for me for Christmas, and come to think of it, we were planning surprises for each other for Christmas. And we had just come back from some beach thing. I think we were coming back from a long walk on the beach that was nice, and we were all riding in this van - Samantha and Sandra and Derek, Nikki and me. And Mom and Dad were there. I sort of like had the notion that they were there because I heard them talk, but some driver was driving us around, like one of my cab drivers. And we were talking about various things, I can't remember what exactly. But Dad was asking me questions like, apparently in my dream he had heard my CD that I had burned from Music and Computers class, which I really haven't burned it yet, and he was asking me questions like, "How did you do all this stuff?" and "Do you know how to play any songs?" and this and that and the other. And the van driver stopped and we all got out, and we went into this place that was kind of like the foyer area of the Radisson Hotel that we go to for awards and ceremonies sometimes, except this place was carpeted, and it was big and spacious. But I didn't know exactly where we were, but it was someplace fancy and elegant. I kind of had the notion that it was a furniture store because there were couches and chairs and tables and stuff spaced out all over everywhere. And I think there was a staircase off to the side, and it was kind of brownish carpeting. And Dad had me -- think it was Lee, I don't know if it was Lee of Dad -- but one of them had me sit down at this set of keys, like the model we have in school, and play "Joy to the World." And I put my hand at the top of the middle C octave, but as I was descending down the scale, like you do in the first line, I realized that the thing was like up sideways and I like, I don't know how to explain it, but it was like instead of horizontal, it was almost vertical. It was kind of like at an angle almost. And after you got down to G, the C octave just kind of disappeared and you had to take your thumb and go along the side of the unit with these "dup dup dup dup" things on the side, these little rounded keys after G. F, E, D, C were on the side; they were little rounded things. And it got more and more horizontal and more and more horizontal, and then I realized it was all white, but amazingly enough I was able to play this song perfectly. And Dad was pretty amazed, and he said, "You have to have one for Christmas." And he said that this model that we were sitting near was kind of an old-fashioned type of model, and he was in search of one that was, I don't know, like a few generations up, I guess you could say, you know how units are. But somehow I wasn't really supposed to know [laugh] and Sandra -- we were back in the van and Sandra was like, you know how Sandra is in surprises -- she's very good at keeping them. And then -- what should I say? -- down, a little while later the scene just shifted, and I was in the dining room and I saw the manual for the model that I was going to have, and I was going to take it over to the monitor and read some of it. But I woke up first. And that was that.