Let's see, how should I start? Well, first of all, I don't know if I was back at Westport High School or still at Westport College, but I had some classes to go to, and I was oftentimes I would go like to the bathroom in between classes. Well, in this one class that I was in, I met the teacher and she said that I really needed to not be late so much because I was getting behind in material. And, oh, this is so weird -- this class was a PE/ Music class. We were going to be like singing, but she said we had to get stronger by doing things like sit-ups and [laugh] lifting weights and stuff. And so we would do a combination that, and I think there were like no more desks and I was like standing in the back of the room, and she was teaching us about theory, and she was showing how chromatic scales are a lot easier to play, but major scales sound better and more complete. And I'm trying to think, I don't remember the examples she gave. This room was like kind of small, but there were like, I don't know, two or three rows with people in front of where I was standing, if that means anything. And this teacher was like a nice woman, she was wearing jeans, I think. And I don't think Mrs. Dougherty ever wore jeans, and I don't think Mrs. Hagerman did either, but she seemed like jeans was like something about her personality that she was more like Mrs. Hagerman, more casual and what have you. But suddenly the scene like shifted, and I was at home and I was fixing some kind of lunch for myself, and I hear this funny sound in the living room and I can't figure out what it is. And Mom said that she had borrowed and brought home a Yamaha Clavinova, not from Dr. Moran's lab, but from this teacher. And she said that the teacher had told her that I was kind of like, kind of bashful about touching it, and she wanted my Mom to work with me with it. And [laugh] let's see, the thing of it was, when you would walk towards it, it would make this funny buzzing sound, like when you first, I don't know, a feedback loop in the lower frequency range, I guess you could say. But it didn't do that at home, I don't know why, so I saw it in the living room and Mom was trying to convince me to sit down in front of it, and it started shrinking and shrinking and shrinking, and before I knew it, it was the size of something for a Barbie doll. And then I woke up. Well, wait a minute, one other crazy twist I remember about this dream: when it was shrinking and shrinking, Mom like took a piece off of it, and I realized that it was chocolate with like vanilla frosting, and that it really wouldn't make any sound if I were to touch it and try to carry a tune. So she cut off a piece of the chocolate from the edge and I had a bowl of ice cream and she just threw this piece of chocolate in my bowl of ice cream. And I really didn't want to finish my ice cream, but I woke up before I could.