It was pretty long, but I think it speaks a lot. I dreamt that Mom and I were going to go on this Halloween party boat and we had tickets and she had bought them for $4.99 somewhere. And we were going to kind of slip out because the party went from like 9:00 until like 1:00 or 2:00 in the morning, so we were going to slip out after he went to bed, and we were going to go. And she was sleeping in my bed here, which really she wasn't, but in my dream she was. And we were talking about, actually I think we were laying on the floor and we were talking about how we were going to go, we were going to go and keep sneaking up behind us. And then I go downstairs and he sees how, I think he heard a lot of what we were conspiring to do. And he picks me up and he holds me and he feels really sorry that -- what should I say? -- I guess that he'd made the image that he had, and something else like that. And I just come out and tell him that Mom and I had these tickets to this party. [laugh] And the party was supposed to be on a boat, and they were like for, they for cheap, and that we were going to go. So we go, and, of course, I was expecting like a big boat and a band and a show and a party and stuff. But this was like, you know at an airport there's a long hall that connects to the plane? Well, in this situation there was a building that was an art gallery, and there was a long hallway corridor that was leading to this square room, and there was a gray rug, and it was supposed to be the boat. This square room with a gray rug was supposed to be a boat, this big party boat that everybody was talking about. So I knew -- and even though it was supposed to happen at night, it was light outside, and the only seats were the ones that we were in. And I get on first because I'm afraid that we're going to be late, and Mom is there looking at pictures and she says she'll be meeting me. And who comes on and joins me, but Dad instead. He like takes her place. And, let's see, so we start sailing, and it's like, they like do something, seal off the engines like they do on a plane, and we kind of shove off from the building with this square room, sailing through the water. Maybe this is because all I see of the plane area is a square cabin, but anyway, pretty soon, when we're sailing, the floor goes away, the glass in seals it goes away, they put some, that orange construction fence around and a board for the roof and just a seat and that's all. And then it stops and we're like swinging around inside of it, there's like water in it, and really not a party at all. But Dad had me dive to the bottom and show me where there some connection made underwater for the sound system, I think, which I don't know why that would be, if there's no sound and no party. But anyway, let's see, I think we go past a beach and Mom just kind of swims out from the beach and comes and joins us. And then I kind of woke up. That was really a bummer because I was expecting to go on this party, but it wasn't. It was just a dumb little ocean cruise thing. I think this comes from the fact that Lib Fest (?) was last year and she and I went to see Swarner (?) and we had a great time. And this year BTO was playing last night, but it was their TV night. That and Third Watch was on. And tonight is Creedence Clearwater Revival and Astrid's coming, but if she doesn't come for whatever reason, we can go, I think. So that's that.