First I dreamt that Mom and I were at Westport College and going around to my classes, and it was like a holiday, so they had like stands where they had free food. And I was going around with a box collecting some, and Mom decided she was going to take it home. Let's see, they had everything that they were giving away, even little bags of chicken nuggets, and I kind of, I excused myself because I had to go to class. We went out riding bikes and I was riding the tandem by myself and Mom and Dad were riding their bikes, and I was doing all kinds of silly stuff, like spinning around and around and around and around and kind of, you know, like that. And coming up to the point where the sidewalk changed, this is at Oceanside Beach area, and I realized that they had gotten really far ahead of me, and that I should just catch up. And where the sidewalk changed there was this big round cover, and there were a bunch of little ones in front of it. And it was like I couldn't go around it so I had to ______ down and walk over it, and the bike was so light I could pick it up and carry it. And I went until I caught up with them, and Dad had realized that my chain had fallen off, and he put it back on, and by then there was some lightning and thunder. And we were starting to turn around and head back home. Now I have a more vivid memory, and I remember when we turned around and headed back, the tandem was full-size again and I was on the back of it with Dad and we were riding home. And then the scene kind of like shifted, and I was here in my bed and it was dark, and I was listening to the radio, which in reality it didn't come on yet, but in my dream it was on, and it was this techno-y rap kind of thing. And there was this scary techno song that had a s_____ score that goes, "Dee dee dee dee dee," and then, "Bee bee bee bee bee bee bee," and then, "Dee dee dee dee dee." And in my dream it was just really scary because it had that interval in it, and so I reached over and I was changing it to something else, that was, I guess, something smoother and easier. And then I realized that there was this person in my bed, supposedly Mom. I had the feeling that I knew who it was. But the person's skin was like wet, and I was thinking how it would be alright to listen to the techno-y song if Mom was there and I could hold her and all, but it was some person, maybe even a doll with wet skin, and so I had to get away from that scary thing and go to something else. And then I woke up and it was light out.