After my exams were over and I was in my last meeting of Electronics class, Mr. Martenson kind of really like surprised us and said that he wanted to take us all on a trip to the beach and stay there overnight, and so that we could look at the sunset and the wave length and the frequencies of light and how they change. And I was really surprised that we were going without any further notice, without any bags, without any anything. [laugh] And so the kids in the class didn't really want me to go because they were afraid that I would get lost, that I wouldn't know where I was going and what I was doing, and stuff like that, like I've always had to deal with. And I was just kind of bull-headed and assertive and said that I've been to the beach lots of time with my family and that this will be nothing. And so next thing I know, I was there and we were all sitting around and talking and I was swimming with them in the water. And we just kind of swam around and I guess we stayed the night; I don't even remember too much. But when we got back to the house, it didn't even look like what I'm used to. It was this big, fancy, ornate lobby which they're known for and I had to get something out of his class, so I had to go upstairs. Oh, for some reason we were sitting in his classroom that was more like a living room, and it was dark and we were just all talking about the trip and what a wonderful time we had. And then we all went out and I was kind of going in the opposite direction of all the people and waiting for a minute or two because there was this whole table full of candy. They had like big dishes with lids on them, and I'm sure that anybody could just go in there and get some. But then I kind of lost interest. They hung around and they hung around, and I figured I had to get home and I think at the time I had the cell phone in my pocket, and I turned it on in case they needed to locate where I was. And they had this -- it must have been three stories, but it was real open and each story had real high ceilings -- and there was this roundy roundy round, real narrow staircase, just about my arm span wide. So I was hanging on, each hand to a railing on each side of this running down these stairs and spiraling around and around until I finally, I didn't even get to the bottom and I heard them calling my name on the intercom. And I couldn't really say anything or yell out that I was on the stairs or anything, and the office was right in front of the staircase. And the office had clear doors like the Learning Support Center does. And I can't remember actually reaching the bottom, but I remember being in the office and meeting up with Dad and not knowing what was going to happen after that. And then I woke up.