I had kind of an interesting dream last night, but this is one that I don't really see the sense in yet. I dreamt that I was working on DP or something to that effect. It was some other kind of program that was kind of similar, but instead of just being in my studio here on the west wall, my machine was set up on a little wobbly table inside my closet, and I only had a little bit of elbow room one way or another. And the light from the monitor kept it from being too dark in there. And somehow I had a little bit of some kind of sound system in there. And [laugh] I'm trying to think now, what happened. Oh, I think before any of this I had lent my machine to Terri, I mean the whole shebang, the monitor and everything, because hers is one of those all-in-one things and hers was down and out for whatever reason, and she had this paper thing she had to finish for her job, and so I lent it to her. And she brought it back to me and was setting it up in my closet like I needed it to be. And, let's see, I didn't feel claustrophobic in my closet. I felt okay, and I seemed to be content in that little mess. I was still a little crowded out, but I was okay, other than that. And I can't remember much else. Oh, I know. The scene kind of like shifted all of a sudden, and I was in the church, and instead of listening to just eight or ten magical singers, I was listening to this great big, huge choir singing and accompanied by an organ. And their songs were all right, but they weren't that impressive. Things are never as impressive as they should be in dreams, for some reason. Whenever I would dream of opening presents, usually they're like boring things. And things are just usually not as exciting in dreams as in reality. But maybe that's for the fear that they won't be. And that's all I can really remember. I think the thought of working comfortably in my closet relates to the fact that I think I would be just fine if I were by myself and nobody knew, like what I was doing or how much time I was spending on one thing, and I was just working along at my own pace, twiddley-dee, twiddley-da [laugh]. And I guess lending my machine to Terri is something kind of literal. I wrote the Christmas wish letter for her, and hers is like so old, running always 8.6, bless her heart, she can't even get online. And I've offered that if she needs to run around on a faster platform, she's done enough printing for me, she should come over and run around on a faster platform for a little while. But I guess that's just some crazy thing that entered my mind.