I was first, and most prominently, even though I think it was last, I dreamt that I had to go back to Westport High School for some reason, I didn't know why. But then I went in this office that was kind of dark and it had several layers in it, like it had several steps down in places, like the sound both at Memorial Stadium. And I realized that it was the VE Specialist's office and I had to talk to Ms. Coombs. And I told her that I'm not back here to take any more academic classes. I've already graduated. I'm back here, I think it was to take chorus class or something, which I guess that would be explainable because I'm working closely with Mrs. Dougherty and I'm volunteering at Westport High School and I have one of Westport High School's volunteer ID's. And then Ms. Coombs finally got it and then Mrs. Hollander came up, and I was practicing speaking Spanish to her, and I was telling her that Mom will be there with her painting on Monday, and different stuff like that. And from what I remember about what I was speaking, it was correct grammatically. And, let's see, what else? Oh, before any of that, I was here in my bedroom with this really long tape that was given to me like in the four track format that the Library of Congress records in, and it was this kids' cartoon tape about different historic events that happened. It was about Christopher Columbus and his Spanish friend that came to America, and they were just being real goofy and silly on the tape. And I was trying to get to the part, I guess it was the other side of the tape that was talking about reading music, and Mrs. Dougherty wanted me to listen to it. But there was so much of this Christopher Columbus goofiness that I didn't get to the other part. I can't remember too much more, but I have this vague memory that me and four other people were in this crowded little store like an antique shop, but we were practicing singing in there. We were each dressed up as a different character, which they were last night, and there was an accompanist there kind of leading us. And we sang something and like everybody started crying, and I didn't and I was wondering what was the big sad thing here. I couldn't figure it out. And I think that's all.