First I dream that, in addition to my three classes out at Westport College, I was taking a fourth one here at Westport High School, like a dual enrollment thing. So what I was supposed to do is go to Westport High School, be at that class from like 7:20 to 8:00 o'clock, then go out to Westport College and be at the next class by 8:30. So this class was taught by Ms. Burley, which was the teacher that I had my first semester of the 9th grade, and she was strange, bizarre, bland, and I could never figure her out. She taught critical thinking and learning skills, which was a really boring, stupid course. But in my dream she was teaching that class again, and I had to take her class at the college level, and it was like a dual enrollment thing, I guess. And Melinda was there, and I think I went to the first class, but I didn't go to that class any more after that. In my dream I only had three classes at Westport College and I only went to those three classes. And in my dream I had no idea what my classes were at Westport College, and I got a notice in the mail and a little card that had my exam score from Ms. Burley, and I had gotten a "D" on her exam. [laugh] And I was thinking to myself, "Now gee, I don't even remember taking that exam. I don't even remember having that class, so what's up with this grade?" Then I remembered I had the class, but I skipped it, all but one day, and I didn't take the exam. And then the scene kind of changed and I was at this picnic party that I think was at like the remote park like Lake Hiawatha, and we were -- it might have even been Clementine Springs, I'm not sure, but we were by some water and it was kind of a nice even temperature -- not real cold and not real warm. And there were trees around and there were picnic tables all over everywhere. And it was somebody's birthday. And there was this guy I knew who was kind of like my best friend, and there was supposed to be Melinda's family and some fireman people in the neighborhood. We were going to all get together for this man's birthday. Anyway, I had the Peavey system. Where I got power for it, I don't know. Don't ask me. [laugh] But anyway, that wasn't an issue in my dream. It was just supposed to run. And, let's see, there was a birthday cake, and here's the funny part: I had borrowed Astrid's keyboard because somebody was going to play and I didn't know how to, and it was set up and connected to the Peavey system and this guy was just jamming away, whose birthday it was. I didn't know who he was. And then I went off to do something else. I think I was running streamers from one tree to another. And then, before I knew it, I was back at the guy, and the thing turned into a cake. And I'm thinking, "Oh, my gosh, what's Astrid going to say?" [laugh] That was crazy. And that was a cake and everybody was cutting up and having a piece. Oh geez. And then the scene suddenly shifted and I was at this movie theater setting up the Peavey system there. There was supposed to be some kind of screening of some kind, some kind of VIP party, and things were really, really running late and it was kind of like I was going to be sitting around for the next few hours waiting for people. And then I woke up. That was a strange conglomeration of things. Also another funny part as this dream was ending and I was waking up and fading into consciousness and coming to, I thought back about my classes at Westport College, and I was thinking, "Could I have really gotten that grade on that exam or what here?" And I couldn't remember any of my classes. I had to think about when was my lunch hour. Then I remembered I had Electronics class, then I remembered Music and Computers class, and then I woke up a little more and remembered Psychology, but I couldn't remember the first one. And it wasn't until I was like fully awake for a few minutes that I remembered, oh, it was Business Law, which I was a little doubtful of how I was going to do on that exam, so that might be where this dream got started. Also another part of this dream could have come from the fact than when I interned at Memorial Stadium, during the baseball games they'd have all kinds of corporate plugs, people could win things and advertise a corporation. And Sam Ash Music sponsored a happy birthday thing for every game, and they would tell the birthdays of famous people. And they would show the organist's fingers playing "Happy Birthday" and then suddenly the picture would materialize into a birthday cake with a Sam Ash Music picture on it, so that might be a seed of that thought.