I had a dream about sound last night, and now I've just got to remember what it was. We were at this place like Scenic Point or Becker Park, and they were having this kind of little festival thing with cupcakes and different little craft booths and different things going on. And there was this little area only reserved for VIP's and only VIP people could go there. And it had this little orange net fencing surrounding it, you know like they do sometimes at blockade sites. Well, there was a gap in the orange net fencing and Dad was putting bulb (?) and just ___ back there. We didn't know it was only for VIP's and we didn't have a pass, and once we got back there, everybody was very accommodating to us. And we went up on this deck and we saw like some sound equipment, like a couple mike stands and a couple amps and mixers and things laying around. And that was pretty cool, but then the deck was like the deck of like a house or something that had a door on the front, like the front door of a house. But when you went in this front door, it would be like really, really dark with only a little window at the top. And it was a narrow hallway, and it was deep. I mean, I should say it was a deep way down from the deck to the floor, and there was a window up high. The doors had windows in them. And the window light reflected against the wall and it looked gray. And we go down this tunnel. Well, first of all, in my dream I like was in a hurry to get in this door because there was a lot of sophisticated equipment in there, or so I thought. And I think this is an important part of the dream. And I went in the door and let it close behind me, I was so scared and petrified that it was so dark, that I opened the door and I waited a few minutes for Dad to come with me. And he came with me and we, it seemed a little lighter when he was there with me. And boy, I'm using up tape like crazy here. Why I can't stop stuttering and la la la blah. Oh well, anyway, it seemed lighter when he was down there, and there was some kind of a sound system in there that had a couple of subs that went, "boom, boom, boom" with some kind of rap beat, you know how it goes in those big cars? Except it wasn't that intense; it was about the level of mine, but it was just kind of isolated and not a whole lot of highs or anything else. And I thought, "Hey, that's cool," and I had a feeling like it was like a testing site. And went down this hall and we came out. It led into like a nice little shop thing, and this shop had everything from like candy canes to little ornament ball things, to baskets of goodies and stuff. And I had a feeling it was like somebody's house, but it was a shop too, and there was a lady there that was real nice and kind and accommodating to us, and gave us something, I don't remember what, from her kitchen table, something like a sample to eat. And then we went out the door and we were back at the Becker Park place, and Dad said, "Want to do that again?" and I said, "Yeah." So we stepped into the orange fencing, we went up on the little deck, I saw the equipment up on the deck, we went down in the little dark tunnel thing with the subs that were booming and went through the lady's little shop, and, hey, that was fun. It was like a round, round, round circle. We did it a couple times. And then I had Astrid with me and Dad, and I was leading Astrid up onto the deck and down into the little dark tunnel thing, and the tunnel thing seemed lighter and safer each time I went through it. I think that's symbolic. And this time I was leading Astrid through it, and I lead her, she wasn't scared at all, of course. Well, even though she couldn't see, she knew it was kind of dark in there and cramped and tight, and she didn't seem to have a problem with it. And then I led her into the shop thing, except it had transformed this time, and not only was it that lady's shop, it was like somebody's bedroom. And we were like snooping in somebody's bedroom and they had a whole stack of CD's and stuff, and Astrid was wanting me -- and all of these CD's were new, they were wrapped, like the shrink wrap. And Astrid was telling me, "Tell me what this one is, tell me what this one is," and some of the titles I could read and some I couldn't. And just before I woke up, there was this CD that had the cover of like a green spider web, and it had white lettering on it that said "50 cents," you know, like the rapper guy. And then I woke up. Man, that was something. And, you know, it's evening time and it stayed with me the whole day. Isn't that amazing! But I think this is kind of symbolic. In the past I have had a few dreams about a roundy-roundy-round circle that just is continuous, like, for example, I had a dream one time that a cellar went down into a sub-cellar that led out into a, like a netting tube that you would go up and get in the attic. And when you were in the attic, there would be a whole bunch of stuffed animals and it would be kind of hard to breathe in there. And you would have to fight your way through tons and tons and tons of stuff in order to get out of there. It was kind of like Mom's attic is. And then you would be in the house, and that was a circle that involved dark and scary places. Now this circle had a dark and scary place, but it was only one, and it involved sound, which makes me think about life when I analyze this. The fact that the tunnel seemed lighter and safer each time I went through it, I think has to do with experiences that are new and odd and scary. They seem easier each time I have the same experience, and I think the first time that I went in there when I was so scared and petrified and I waiting for Dad, I think some experiences are like that. I am afraid to do them on my own, and even though he's more critical and slower and harder, I want to have somebody help me through them. And I think the lady's shop symbolizes like a house, like almost being in a home-like environment. I don't know, I'm drawing a blank there. But the fact that I had Astrid on this round circle thing with me, I think is that I think I've had enough in the sound industry that I can start leading Astrid through it. And that's all I have to say for now. My throat is dry and I've used up enough tape. Another thing I thought of, I think the fact that we started out that an event at Becker Park or Scenic Point and going in that VIP section and people not minding us just barging in there has to do with the fact that coming into the sound industry in all this stuff, I started not knowing a darned thing and being at events like that, at public places, and wanting to go behind and wanting to just jump over those stupid fence things, and wanting to go talk to the people and they never really minded it. And that, inside the VIP fence is like inside another world. And I think -- I don't know if this circle was about life, or if it was about the other world contained in the sound industry, or whether it's about both. I don't know, but that's that.