Was kind of involved, but I only remember bits and pieces of it now. First I was in a group of singers, a special little group that Mrs. Dougherty had put together, and we were practicing singing, "What Child Is This," but somehow nobody else sang and I ended up singing it like a solo. And she was saying "Good job" to everybody, even though nobody else sang. That was funny. And I think we were getting some kind of stage ready for some kind of performance. We were deciding who was going to be where and what we were going to do. And then she took me aside and she asked me, she told me that she knows how to read music on a staff, but she wanted to know how do you read music in the form of mini data in an arrangement window, you know, like with the vertical keys and the lines and the grid and stuff. Well, that's what I was going to teach her how to read. And I was going to write a little book on that at home, but I was having a tough time finding some paper. And there were some other things going on. I think somebody wanted me to hurry up and get out of the house with them to go somewhere, and I didn't have time to make this book. And just before I woke up, I was writing out part of it. I remember something else about this dream now. This was a really important part. I don't know how I could forget. I dreamt that the phone rang or something and called me away from what I was doing, and I had to leave my computer like at the desktop, the Mac. And I ran to the phone and got called away, or something, and when I came back, I found Dad sitting in my chair getting into my folder of word processing, all my journal and stuff, and just reading. For some reason he sized the window down to a little tiny, tiny thing and he was just reading, and he said, "I see you _____ a word processor here. Why would you be doing that?" And I'm thinking, "Ahhhh, this is the death of me!" And I finally convinced him that he shouldn't be looking at that, that that's a private thing, and somehow I didn't need to give any more of an explanation. Then some older lady was working with me and she took me online to get something, I don't know what, but something audio that was playing through the task scan, and somehow she shut me down without getting me offline, and usually in the world, you just automatically get offline when you shut down, if you don't already. But I was all up in arms that I hadn't been disconnected from the line, and so she had to start up all over again and get me offline and shut down. And I don't know what happened after that.