I had three classes to go to and that they were in the afternoon. The first one started at like 1:00, and why I keep dreaming about having to go to classes, don't ask me. I'm sick of dreaming that. But anyway, my first one started at 1:20 and it was like 1:16 and Mom was sitting at the dining table just writing and stuff like that, and I was telling her, "You should go get the truck and bring it around. I'm going to be late for class." And she said, "No you won't; you'll be fine." But it got to the point where I was shaking her by the shoulders and yelling and crying, telling her to get moving because I was going to be really late for class. And it was kind of hard because I was just screaming. And I can't remember, but I think it was like, "Yeah, yeah, yeah," kind of blah. Then I was in this party room with these people and it was supposed to be something like a dance performance thing. It was going to be filmed on live TV and I was just kind of in the audience with the people. And it was a small room with a kind of a wooden floor, and it was, I think it was for the show "Fame" and I had the notion that "Crispen" won it last year--who the heck Crispen is, I don't know. And I was going in and out this room and going to the bathroom and few times, and then I came back and I was sitting around with people and they were talking about what they were going to do. And this one girl was doing some homework and needed to use bright (?) calculator, and it was really acting funny and we couldn't figure out why. And then suddenly I was, it was Dad out at this little tiny building that I guess resembled the church that we had the party at, but it was more like a movable portable facility than that. And we had to go there for some kind of business, but I wasn't real keen on going in there because I had heard that their alarm system was real unreliable and could pretty much go off at any time when somebody so much as shook the place the wrong way. And so I stood back a few feet while they opened the door, and things were okay in there. And in my dream I really had to go to the bathroom, but I didn't want to because I was afraid that sitting down on the toilet and going would either make the alarm off or I would be lucky enough to be in there when, just happen to. So I didn't, I kept walking around for a little bit, doing different things, getting stuff ready for some kind of event. And I finally went to the bathroom, and then I woke up, and I had to go when I woke up.