I had the notion that I was interning at some kind of TV station like Time Warner, yet it was kind of like the Dome at where I was. And I think it was, I couldn't really figure out what it was, but I was in this control room and I had like all kinds of video equipment and a small like mixing board in the back. And there were like this real crowd of people in there. I couldn't figure out who they were, but this one guy was supposed to be the manager and his name was Derek, kind of like the guy we missed at Whitaker Hall, and there were a couple of guys that I thought I know, and there was a whole bunch of people that I didn't even know that I was kind of wondering why the heck were they there. And we were supposed to get this show on the road, and I was supposed to help somebody with something. And there were about four or five people crowded behind the board trying to do all do the same thing at once. [laugh] Gee, where have I heard this before? And, of course, I was just kind of sitting in a little corner observing all this commotion and ruckus going on, and then I kind of faded into another scene where I was walking down the sidewalk and I had to go through an obstacle course. And I was trying to tell somebody about my experience when I was going through an obstacle course. And one of the things I had to go through -- I didn't really have to go through anything but this one thing. In front of Jean's house where she has that fence, white picket fence, it kind of came out to the sidewalk and enclosed and made a box, and I had to crawl in the box and they close the door and then open it on the other side so I could get out. So when they closed the box, it was so small and tight, I could barely like move through it, and there was a top on it like I was in a bunny cage. And then I came out the other side of the bunny cage and I went on my way and I was okay. But when I was in the bunny cage, I thought I'd never get out of it. I think this came from when I was like 3 and used to sit in the bunny cage and feed the bunny, but I never used to mind because I could get out from the inside.