For some reason we were going to a baseball game, but I wasn't going to like do any DJ'ing or anything like that. I was going to like sit and watch the game, and we were hoping that I could like sit in the press box and go to the sound booth or something like that. And we were describing who we were and Mom just casually mentioned that I graduated from high school. And the lady whisked us and said, "Here, let's put you in the graduate section." And there was like a VIP area for people who had graduated from high school. And she took us off down this little hall and brought us in this little booth. It was kind of like a sound-proof booth. And they passed out -- there were like five of us in there and there was one lady. I was sitting up on a high stool so that I could actually see down and out the window what was going on. And, of course, I couldn't always see what was going on in the field, but I could see all the people in the bleachers and stuff. And this lady was like in her 70's, and she was like, "Can I trade with you?" And so I sat on the far right, down on the lowest stool I could, and I couldn't even see up above the window. And she sat in the middle in between like the five of us. There were like three boys and only two girls. And she passed out like snacks and little prizes to us; it was like complimentary things that came with being in that section. And we were supposed to get to hear all kinds of like inside stuff, but they didn't send it over our system. Ours -- and get this -- this was the craziest part -- the system that they had us hear did not carry the songs that, the periodic songs and announcements that Bobby mixed, and apparently we were just supposed to watch the game without sound. And they played teenage rap and R&amp;B stuff over the system that we heard. And that was crazy. I wanted to hear Bobby's mix. And I was thinking about how, when I was there at regular games in the sound booth, and I got to listen in on him talking about what to do and when to do it, I missed hearing all that because that was like really the inside scoop, the ultimate inside scoop. And, of course, to be able to coordinate it to listening to Bobby's mix and looking at the monitor when I could see what the video person was doing. And also there's another part to this dream that I remember. Before any of that, I dreamt that I was having a sleep-over birthday party with Astrid and Linda and Darlene and one or two other people from the Wilcox Center. I think Frieda must have been there too. And I think we had like just woke up and we were going down to have breakfast. For some reason Linda and me and one other girl were sitting on a towel eating in front of the TV. And Linda was bugging me and bugging me and bugging me and bugging me and bugging me and bugging me, like she does, about letting her go into my studio and make a copy of a CD. And [laugh] she wanted a copy of like Ace of Base and now that I think of it, I don't know why the heck she would want that one because she doesn't like that kind of stuff. But in my dream that's what she wanted a copy of. And I was thinking of how, when Mom gets breakfast on and everyone's eating breakfast, I'll just run up there, make a copy real fast and bring it down and give to Linda so she'll have it and I won't have to have her mess through all my stuff and everything. And then when I got in there and I was sitting down to make the copy, I realized that I didn't have an original, and therefore the STMS was going to scream and yell in my face, and so I had to put in my personal CD player and do an analog. And that's when I kind of woke up. [laugh]