I don't know exactly where to start because this was another one of those rambling saga-like type dreams, but I'll start at the part that I can remember the best. I dreamt that -- I think this is where it starts -- I woke up at like 3:00 in the morning to go to the bathroom, and I had a dream before, but this is the only part I can remember now. Okay, I dreamt that I was in this portable classroom. I didn't know if I was at Westport College or Modern Media College, but I was at one of them, and I was in a portable and the lights were off. And there was carpet on the floor and there were like traditional student desks. And we were going to have a presentation by Bill Putnam, who's the sound engineer, great. He's left us now, but in my dream he was still alive and he was going to come give a lecture. And for some reason I had this, it was listed in like a program that he was going to give a concert on a Hollander B3 organ, and so he came in the room, he talked to us a little, he greeted us, he was like in his 70's. He was kind of in his 70's or 80's and he kind of barely knew what he was doing. [laugh] And he was talking to us, and before I knew it, he was doing this mime of like trying to show that there was these rotten eggs and how they were smelling, and there were these teddy bears, these teddy bear heads on a stick that somebody was swirling around above the supposedly rotten eggs. And there was like a little _________ things. He was doing this whole mime, and, of course, I wasn't getting much out of it because I couldn't see what the heck he was doing. And about three desks over, to my right, kind of in the front of the room, there was this guy, kind of like a side man with a keyboard, that was supposed to play like chords and all that were going on behind the mime to kind of give it some music. And this guy was like bad, to say the least! [laugh] He was like, I don't know, it just sounded really, really bad and he didn't know what he was doing either. He was just kind of like banging around, and it didn't go with anything that was going on. And then, I don't know what happened, but the scene just sort of like suddenly switched, and we were supposed to go on a boat trip at night. I keep having dreams that Dad and us and the family are supposed to go on this boat. And so I dreamt that we were going on a boat trip, and I don't remember where we were going, but I know we were going to go at night. Oh, I remember -- this is kind of crazy, man. I don't know where this came from, but apparently, I think I kind of visualized this when we were out on our walks and this is where it came from, but I was supposed to be on the boat and sing and give a concert to some thousands of people who were along the shoreline and on docks and at the Coachman and the park and stuff. And apparently not only was I supposed to sing, but I was supposed to play too, and I had an instrument for me there on the boat, or at least I thought they were going to have one there for me. It's one of those things where you think it's going to be there, but you never see it, I guess because, I don't know, but anyway, it was supposed to be there, and it was supposed to be there, supposed to be there. And I get on this boat and it's there, and we were like getting settled and stuff and we're ready to take off, and I'm ready to stand up there and sing to the people out there, and the instrument starts shrinking and shrinking and shrinking and shrinking and shrinking. And next thing I know it's the size of like something for a Barbie doll. And [laugh] the captain of the boat told me that I should take it home and put it in the bird cage for Archie [laugh], that he would want it and that he could benefit from it because he could learn some notes to sing. And like that's bizarre, man. And I think that is when I woke up. Man, man, man -- as _______ would say. I think I can start maybe unraveling where this dream may have come from. First of all, the Bill Putnam thing came from me reading the studio book, of course, but why he would come in and do a mime about rotten eggs? Don't ask me! [laugh] But it's becoming more obvious to me where the singing and playing on a boat would have come from. Astrid has been making up stories about Phil Collins sailing through the Straits of Silla and Corybdus, and playing Silla's favorite piece on the keyboard, which is, I think it is, I don't know, it's called "Farralene" (?), it goes [singing] and a couple others, the theme of the Titanic and different things like that. And I guess seeing the boat parade, hearing her stories about that, and being down at the waterfront and visualizing a floating stage and everybody on land watching a performance out there. All that came together and made this bizarre dream. Now the shrinking, I think might be something to the effect that it seems so close, but it's not. And, if you know what I mean, and I don't know, just something goofy that came out of that, I guess.