I was attending this special school for like handicapped people, I guess because they were an institution known to do a lot of help for people and make a lot of things go well for people, and so they thought it would be good for me to go and visit them and see what they could do for me. And, believe it or not, it was like this private school, K-12, and since this was my first year with them, they put me in a first grade class. [laugh] And I went to this first grade class for like two days, I think, and then I realized that this was not just a health institution that would try to help you. This was a school that they were going to try to put you through their twelve years of education no matter how old or young you were, and how many you'd already been through. And then the scene kind of shifted, and I was like, I had a place that I had, somebody had given me. It was like a dinky little apartment thing, and I was living on my own. Actually I was living on my own part of the time and living at home part of the time. And I was in this dinky little apartment getting some work done and stuff, and I called home and it was like 5:00 in the evening and Mom and Dad were like, "Where the heck are you? If you're going to leave the house, you tell us first." They didn't even know I had this place. And then I was, I think it was the next day, and I was going back to this place, I was going to bring them my high school diploma, show them that I had already graduated, show them that I was in college now and disconnect myself from them. So I went in the office and I had my high school diploma, and I chatted with the ladies; they seemed really nice. And I just told them, "I don't wish to take any more classes here. Thank you." And I walked out, and I showed them, and they seemed so impressed. I couldn't figure out what were they so impressed about? And I think shortly thereafter I was kind of in the phase of stage 1 sleep and waking up, and I was thinking how, I had the notion that the campus that I attended now of Westport College was really called Panella's Park High and it just had facilities for college students in the back forty, kind of like. But when I was fully awake, I realized that I was still attending Westport College. How come I keep having dreams about these educational conflicts? I keep dreaming that I'm back at Westport High School or that I'm not really where I am yet, I think because it's still for me to even believe.