I know there was more to it, but this is all I can remember so far. First of all, information: sometimes when the chickens get elderly, they get kind of in poor condition, and some age better than others, I guess, just like people. But in my dream there was this white chicken and Dad wanted to wash her off on her back side because she was really getting messy. And so he was going to, he wanted to see if I could hang onto the chicken for him, and he was thinking of putting her in one of the like a harness thing, like you would a dog. And I said, "I don't think so. I will hold the chicken with my arms and keep her from getting away." And so, sitting on the picnic table with the chicken, she's white, but she kind of has the build and weight of a Rhode Island Red, and they're kind of hard to contain because we only have one left, and she's a red Rhode Island Red, but for some reason in my dream, she was white. And I'm holding the chicken and he's dilly dally, dilly dally, dilly dally, dilly dallying around, and I can't figure out why. And then I say that I need to, I realize that it's 2:30 in the afternoon and I haven't had lunch, so and the chicken looks hungry too, believe it or not. So I tell him that he should hold the chicken for a minute so that I can go get some seeds. I went inside and got a bite of my plate and I was kind of disappointed because I was smelling fried food in the chicken, but what I got was only a baloney sandwich. Then I came back out with some seed for the chicken, and I guess that kept her busy for a few minutes, and then we continued the operation. And he was telling me how bad she was looking, how it looked like she had a ton of bacteria and stuff because one time one of our chickens was like in bad shape. And then I think we were done and I let the chicken go. And there was this truck that was going by that had sirens on it and back-up alarms going forward, and I like fell to the ground and rolled over and laid there until it passed. And I can't remember anything more.