I don't know if this is all going to fit, but I'm going to try. Last night I had a dream that I was at this theme park, and I can remember bits and pieces of it. Bad me -- I let it drag on until it's 4:00 o'clock in the afternoon now, but I didn't have time to record it this morning when I first woke up. So I dreamt that I was at a theme park with Melinda, and it was kind of a school field trip like type thing. And there was this ride called the Kumba Roller Coaster -- it was either the Kumba or the Montu -- it was kind of like Six Flags. And we'd go on this roller coaster and we'd roller coaster around. It would be an "Ahhhhhhhhhh!" thrill ride. There was also this ride that I liked that was a slide that would like spray you with water as you were sliding down this big, tall slide, and you'd hear these really cool sounds as you were going by, like it had a really neat sound system, which that and spraying water just don't go together, but maybe they did. I think I heard something like that at some kind of theme park, and that's where I got the idea from. And once you got down to the bottom of this big slide, you'd fall into this swimming pool that was really deep and you like swam to the other end, and that was okay. And we only had a little bit of time left, but I wanted Melinda to go on this slide with me, and she said, "No, no, I'm too chicken; you have to go by yourself." And so I went, but it was kind of funny because the slide wouldn't spray me with the water and there was no sound. All that it was, was that you could slide down the slide and that was it. And I imagined in my dream that this slide was pink and that the pool was pink, instead of blue like they usually are. And so, sorry folks, the tape is coming to an end. I will start over on the next one. Alright, I don't expect this tape to last me more than about a month's worth of material, maybe even less, but it's just a junky marketing tape anyway, and it's no good for anything else, and this is better than having it thrown in the garbage. So, let us begin! I am going to start over and repeat a dream that I wasn't able to fit on the last tape. It is now close to 9:00 o'clock at night and I am kind of fortunate that even part of it has stayed with me this long because I just didn't have the time to do it this morning. So anyway, I dreamt that I was at this amusement park, and I was there with Melinda, and it was kind of like Six Flags, except in my dream it didn't really have a name. And we were like on this school field trip and her and I were kind of running around together, and I think everybody else kind of just ditched us. And we were like running around going on these rides. There was this huge, open park picnic area in the middle of the park that kind of reminded me of Westport College Quad, except that it had like picnic tables and stuff and like amusement park type fencing and white-colored tables. And there was this one ride that was like the Mod II or the Kumba, and it was just a roller coaster. You would have to walk up very high to get to it though, like a boardwalk; you'd have to climb stairs and go up ramps and snakes and winds, kind of like you have to do when you're at a theme park, except this was all in the open and on a like a wooden boardwalk. And I wanted to get Melinda to go on that, and I think maybe we did, but I have no memory of actually being on a ride. Then there was this other ride that I really, really liked supposedly, and it was supposedly a pink slide that you would slide down and it would spray you with water from the side, and you'd hear these really cool sounds as you'd be going by. Now spraying water and a cool sound system don't exactly go together, but, you know, in theme parks sometimes they may have everything all water-tight. And I was trying to get Melinda to go down this slide with me because we only had a little bit of time left and I wanted to make us do this before we had to go. And the slide was pink and I went down it; she was too chicken. And it didn't spray and the water and it didn't make the sounds. It was just like a slide, because I think the park was like going to close, but I didn't feel like it was. And then I like landed in this pool of water, like you would expect at most theme park rides, slide things, and when I first landed in it, the pool had a pink bottom instead of a blue bottom like they usually do. And then as I was swimming behind this other girl, and I became aware that I was swimming over like a grate venting and my feet were about to touch the bottom, then the pool turned blue like they usually are. And you know how in dreams when you dream about swimming, or at least I do, the water like tosses you around and you like, you sink to the bottom as though gravity were holding you down, but you can still breathe by some miracle? This is how I always dream when I dream about swimming in a pool. I don't know why. Usually the water wants to pull me up because I'm a female and I have the female fat buoyancy thing. Dad just sinks like a rock. But anyway, I have to really fight to get down and stay down if I want to dive under water, but in my dream I just sort of sink and I can still breathe. [laugh] But anyway, enough of that. And so, I don't know how I got myself like all dried off and everything in such a hurry, but we went back to this like classroom that was at the theme park and there was a TV, they were going to show a movie. And I was kind of thinking, "I want to sit where I can see the movie," because I thought it was going to be halfway interesting, but Melinda said, "Nah, nah, let's sit over here in this section where we can goof around and nobody will see us!" And it was close to one of those like candy machines that they have at Westport College. And before anything else could happen, I woke up.