And then I went back to sleep and had a dream about Modern Media College. I dreamt that, first of all -- this is the crazy part -- I think I've been watching too much TV -- there were these four or five people in my room that were kind of talking to us and all, and there was this one boy who wanted to see my DP program because he wanted to learn to mix too. And I said I'm going to come back and show it to him, and I went and told Mom. These four girls were the ones they weren't sure about. Apparently I had the notion they had been discovered in a room that had a meth lab underneath it. Oh, my gosh, I don't know what's up for that. But after that scene I was at Modern Media College, which really I started off being at Westport College and I sort of found myself there at Modern Media College, and it was a real maze. I came in with Mom and Dad, sort of like at the top of a little hallway, and down to one side was an auditorium, a big auditorium, where you know how the seats go, they went down. And to the other side was steps down into the lobby of the building, and all of this was real colorful like their brochures are. It was like in that brown and black and orange mainly, like their brochure pictures are. And to the left there was lots of little treats and stuff that they set out for people coming in, like little glasses with jello and stuff, and little dessert dishes and ice cream and brownies and stuff. And to the right was lots of stuff, lots of other facilities. And Mom and Dad kind of trailed behind me and let me run along ahead, and it was like a real maze. By the way, I didn't taste any of the treats; I don't know why. And I went around to this other stairwell that led back up, and I wanted to see what was up there because I -- oh, before that -- this is kind of crazy. For some reason I had this set of cans that I picked up from the floor, and when I got to the bottom of the stairwell I turned around and there was these people standing by this little six-channel mixer up on the wall, they were controlling the sound system of the house. And I gave the set to them, and they said, "Oh thanks, they belong here." And then I turned around and I went up this other stairwell and Mom and Dad were like behind me, but they were a few feet behind me. And I met up with this other, I had the notion like he was a sound engineer, but he was kind of giving us a tour, and he took me up this stairwell that turned into like a ladder to his little recording booth. And there was this opening that was like really, really small, and he said, "Nobody can get in here like this." He gave me his, like a ticket thing. I slid it in the slot and the whole ladder moved down and the whole thing opened up so that it was then the opening was about from my chest to my head, so then a person could crawl in. But the recording booth was still so small. I don't know how anybody could sit in there and work comfortably. And I was feeling really claustrophobic at this point because not only was I going to have to go in the small recording booth, but I was going to have to go in the, it was just real tight all around. And then he took us down and outside, and kind of around the back of the building, and we were like in a straw barn and we were sitting on benches kind of outside the straw barn, with hay all around and stuff. And there was a reinforcement system out there in the straw barn, and some guy turned it on and walked away. And for some reason I was so bold, I went up and I sat down at the mixer bench area, and the mixer board was green, kind of like an integrated circuit board, but it had all the stuff right on it, and it was flat. I found the two left and right CD faders and I brought them up, and I tweaked some EQ and stuff, and I was watching the videos [?] and finally I brought up my master a little. And I went back to my seat and then I woke up.