Astrid and me were at Westport College together, and we were in this office waiting to see our degree program advisor, and I had the feeling it was supposed to be, I was already seeking an audio degree at Westport College. And I can't remember the exact title, but I remember thinking in my dream back to an experience that I felt kind of inferior, when we were in a class, kind of it looks like kind of at Modern Media College with a huge mixer board, and there was this one guy who was doing most of the work in the hands-on learning. And the other five or six of us -- there were like ten others of us -- and we were just standing there watching. And I figured, "How am I ever going to learn if I keep going at this rate?" [laugh] And so I was thinking about that when we were sitting in this office. You know how they have the U line, the queue thing? Well, it was dark and they were playing a movie for us while we were waiting because we had to wait like forever and a day. And then I think I had a memory that I was going to ask Uncle Robert if he could lend me his copy of "A New Day Has Come" because it was in surround sound, and I was just dying to hear the thing mixed in surround sound, which in real life the truth of the matter is that I saw it in a collection of others in Sound &amp; Vision. And whenever I listen to it, I think, "Man, would this be great mixed in surround sound!" And so I was going to borrow it from him and play it on his sound system, since he had a SA CD player, and I think when we were standing in that office waiting for that guy, I was like crying about something, I don't know what! And we were supposed to like, I don't even know what we were going to say. I didn't even know if we were going to see a man advisor or a woman, but it kind of reminded me of Ms. Maggot from Stephen King's memoir, and I think I was going to see somebody like her. And so then I dreamt that I was at Uncle Larry's house -- how I shifted to that scene, I don't know. But instead of being at Uncle Robert's, I was at Uncle Larry's house and I was going to play "A New Day Has Come" in surround sound, but somehow I woke up before I could do that. That was kind of dumb, wasn't it?