There was something going on before, but I don't remember what it was. All I remember now about this dream was that I was having my whole room, my studio, repainted, and not just that, but we were having the kitchen and I think the stairwell and the studio repainted, maybe even Mom's room. And some things were all messed up and turned upside down and messed around, and you know how it is. And I was in my room here, and they had just finished repainting it, and it was twice the size that it usually is, I think because when we were repainting it when I was 16 just before my birthday, we did repaint it, and it was like, it looked twice the size when all the shelves and everything were out, and my desk was out because it was being repainted. And anyway, I came in and they were starting to move furniture back in, in my studio after the paint job, and my desk was like big and black and the top was wooden, but the bottom was like plastic, you know how modern things are. And on my south wall there was this cart with like a ton of books on the bottom and a ton of CD's on the top, and it was like real ____ and said that it came from like a friend who was cleaning out the closet. And I could go through their CD's and books and keep any of the ones that I wanted for like DJ stuff. And so I started looking through them in a very orderly manner, and I laid a few on the side that looked like good party mixes that I was going to put on and listen to once my sound system was back together, because only furniture, but nothing else, was in there at this point. And then Dad came in when I had like two or three laid aside, and he was saying something like, "Do you think you can put all this stuff back together?" meaning the sound system and all the equipment. And he said, "Then after you do that, you can resume and maintain your privacy," or something like that, and I said, "Sure, I think I can do that." So even though it was like a monumental task -- not only the sound system, but the mixer and the computer and everything was like all, all the components and everything were just laid out on my bed. And he was like, "I think that attempt is going to fail. I know it's going to fail." And then I woke up.