I had a crazy dream about DBS mainly, which is kind of crazy because I never dream about them. But first in this dream I kind of had the notion that I was riding with Dad in the truck in the middle of the night with my bag of stuff and the Peavey system, and we were going on a long, three-hour trip to do a DJ gig somewhere, but I don't actually remember doing the gig. I don't remember coming home, I don't remember where it was, I just know that I was sort of getting ready. Then Mom and I -- I think I do remember getting home from the gig and Mom had to take me to the DBS office to pick up some paper, and they had this big, huge complex, not just a little office in a big building, like they have. And so we walked over there when we got there, and we were just going to pick up the paper and leave, but Carolyn wanted to talk to me. And somebody else did too, so I can't remember anything about what I said, but I think I said, "Hi, hello," to Carolyn. And then there was this other person. She was kind of younger than Carolyn, but she was a little more kind of uppity like, just a little. And we were going around, I don't remember why, but she gave some kind of direction to Mom. They had this like field area out in the back that was for mobility training, and she wanted Mom and I to walk to it. And it was like a street, like a city street, with like just empty fields and nothing on either side. And how that could be anything big for trade, I don't know. And so we started walking down this road and I realized that there were these -- every so often in certain places, there were these like cover things, but they weren't covered, and half was silver and half was black. And when you would step on them, you would get an electric shock because apparently they wanted to do like conditioning to keep you in the middle of the street. And ever so often there would be one on either side, and if you stepped on it, I guess the silver half was the positive and the black half was the negative. I don't know, you'd have to be between the two of them, because you know how that goes. I think I had my white cane with me that time, and even when it would, when my tip would touch it, I would feel it through my hand, which I don't know why because my tip is plastic and the aluminum part is really insulated really well by the rubber top. I don't know, I guess I just wasn't thinking when I created this dream. And so we were going along, and at first I didn't mind, we were walking along and it was kind of pitch dark and we could see where the street was, but sometimes they'd have them in the middle of our path. Then they got to the point where they weren't just every so often. They were like all over, and they were getting bigger with more voltage on them, so it felt stronger. Mom still didn't mind them, so then she was carrying me over some of them, and she was getting them all and she was going, "Ooh, ah," but she didn't mind them. I was like petrified and she kind of didn't care. And there was no like turning back around and going back because this path was like a circle; it would lead you back to the building. We got back to the building and we had to go upstairs for some reason because there was a bathroom in there, and they had you take a shower after you've been on this trip, if people have any feet yet, if they're not black yet. But, you know, the really wild part, after we were on that trip I noticed that there were a few here or there inside the building, and so by that time I was like afraid to take any step in any one direction because these things, I didn't know where the heck they were and when they were going to pop up. And in some cases, when we would be in the hallway, they wouldn't be there, and sometimes they would just pop up, except in the building they wouldn't be black and silver; they would blend in with whatever was around. And so I never did take my shower as prescribed, but I had to go up and down the elevator, which wasn't just for anybody to use. Somebody had to specially activate it for us, so we went down the stairs a few times too, and we noticed how steep the stairs were. So Mom and I had to make a sign that said, "Beware, drops off." And I was kneeling on one stair and laying on the other, and there was the most awful smell on the stairwell, like gym sweat. And somebody was coming up beside us, and I moved over and left them pass, and I finished my sign and then I stuck it up there. And then we went down the stairs, and then, thank goodness, that fiasco was over. Then my dream continues though, we met up with Dad at the Coliseum and Mom and Dad were conferring outside and I went in and I was giving our information to the person at the desk, like how old am I, how old is the person I'm with, this and that and the other. And it was more like applying for, applying for some kind of government aid just to get into a dance. And the guy said he had a check for me because I had made that long trip and did a Peavey system gig. And so it ended up that I didn't have to pay to get into the dance, but he paid me for something. And so it turned out, just before I woke up, me and Dad and Mom, we sat outside in the lobby and were eating some kind of lunch before the dance really got started. Now what I don't understand is when I was on the DBS mobility trail, the ________ mobility trail, I don't understand why it was totally dark outside and here at the Coliseum it was broad daylight. Oh well, that's one of the aspects of the dream. The next dream stems from a lot of things, the first thing being that I always have had something inside of me about covers, but they've always either just popped up or sprayed water or something. I've never had anything electrical going on. I think it's because now, whenever I handle the Peavey system outside, I'm conscious of it. Even this last time I practiced my speech, I was on the sidewalk and everything was dry, and I was still feeling a little bit of something. So I put on my shoes, and, of course, the fears went away, but still I'm more conscious of that now. And also I don't know where DBS comes into the picture; I guess because I'm becoming more independent lately and some people just don't know how independent I can be, not them, but some people I know. And we had to fill out a long, lengthy f___ application so the guy at the Coliseum desk asking me all those question fits in just fine. And he paying me for a Peavey gig is, I guess, because I got several scholarship checks in the mail, and that's the end of that.