Samantha, Sandra and Derek and Lee and Nikki and probably Jason were all in town again and they were all in our house. And it was like they had all flown in and I think Samantha and Sandra and I were visiting, and I think we took a walk around the park and everybody but Samantha ran ahead, and Mom and Dad and I and Samantha were on this walk, and I was -- see, this is a dream within a dream again. I dreamt that I had this dream that Connor had given me like a miniature guitar thing as a souvenir from his show; not a real one, but, you know, like a, I guess like a little refrigerator magnet, hang it on your mirror type of thing. It was like on the end of a graduation tassel. And I dreamt that I was telling all this to Dad and Mom and Samantha. And Dad was like, "Now, what would be the point of that?" And we couldn't convince him because it was a lack of facts. And now that I think of it, I don't think that would be something that he would really think bad about, but in my dream he did. He was going on about, "What would be the point of that?" And why in the world would somebody do something like that? But then again, in real life he's always doing insane things that I'd never guess he would, so I guess that's where that would come from. And then suddenly the scene shifted and we were at home, and it was like bedtime because it was like 9:30 or 10:00 at night, and, you know, we think it's bedtime, but they go on hours into the night. So this is the crazy part! Samantha and Sandra and Derek and me and Nikki were all going to sleep in the same bedroom downstairs, the master bedroom, with Mom and Dad. They were all going to sleep in the same room! [laugh] And I was going to be up here all nice and peaceful and quiet and everything. And for whatever reason, I took out the mermaid doll and I shoved it under my pillow for some reason, and I was getting adjusted and I heard them all jumping up and down and screaming, laughing, having a good time. So I figure, "Okay, I'm missing something, so I'll go down there and check it out." And Samantha and Sandra and the guys were kind of wrestling. I don't know where Mom and Dad were, but then I realized that I was totally naked and was probably embarrassing everybody but Samantha and Sandra, and I said, "Oh, fashion, fashion," and they covered kind of my chest. And Sandra took each of my hands in hers and spread them all wide and kind of showed me to them, and was like, "Yeah, fashion!" [laugh] And that was okay because, of course, it was Sandra. And so then I came back up here again and Sandra and I kind of talked about what, I do not know. And then I was resting again, and then I could overhear Mom was in her workroom and Samantha was in there talking about how bummed I was because of what Dad said about my dream thing. Oh, and Derek and Louise came up here because they wanted to listen to some news in the bedroom, and it didn't work, so they asked if they could turn on mine and I saw, "Sure." So I moved over to the left side of the bed here and I let them sit down on the right side, and I think Nikki was there too. And my radio turned into a TV and they were watching TV and they were watching TV, and I figured, "Alright, I'm going on the couch." So I went on the couch, and that's all I can remember, and then I woke up.