Uncle Charlie and Aunt Polly were in town, and Uncle Charlie was listening to my mini disk machine because I was like showing it to him, and there were some audio files on one of the things there that he was listening to. And for some reason I was going on a website that I could look at the results of the Top 40 countdown, and the songs were listed from like 40 to 1 and they had these little icons next to them with pictures that were supposedly the pictures of the CD covers but really had nothing to do with the song. I think that comes from like in Word documents and things, you have a list and you've got these big icons and list information, and it's just all over in your face, which is how I like it. But that's the way it is. I was doing that, and I kind of left it there because I had a feeling that he was going to want to see it. And then I went out in the front yard where they were, and I discovered that Uncle Charlie and Aunt Polly were then sitting, laying in this like silk tent in our front yard. They had like pillows and blankets and sleeping bags and stuff in it, and they were literally camped out in our front yard. And I couldn't figure out why, but this is the really crazy part -- Uncle Charlie had these butterfly stickers -- not really stickers, but laminated pieces of cardboard with shiny hologram butterflies on them and birds and all kinds of crazy stuff, pictures of bicycles and birds and cars and just stuff, and they were all squares the size of mini disks, and he could slide them into the mini disk player instead of lifting the lid with the latch. He would slide them into to this like a slot, and he had this like projector thing in his pants, and he would hold the unit so that the front of it could send an infrared signal to the projector saying it would project it on a screen in my pants! And he was looking at jpeg pictures and seeing these crazy hologram butterflies up on the projector thing, and hearing audio files too, not just through the player, but on a sound system in there and stuff. It was crazy! And then I think I woke up.