I was having a really neat dream last night, one of the best organized, I think, that I've had in a while. Usually when I have dreams about birthday parties and Christmases and opening presents, everything is real vague and kind of distant. That's kind of one of the reasons immediately I know that it's a dream because it is so vague and distant. But this time I had a dream that I was having an early birthday party with Samantha and Sandra and Derek, so that we could celebrate with them before we went to Jackson, we could celebrate up there, then we could celebrate when we get back on the actual day. And for some reason Samantha, Sandra and Derek have been showing up in my dreams a lot lately. And we were in the living room and I was opening some presents. The first, I got some books for my birthday, meaning in my dream, and I can't remember exactly what they all were, but one of them was, it looked and smelled like the copy of A Tale of Two Cities that we got from the library, but it was some other French title by some person. And it was supposed to be one of the most profound things in literature, but I was like, I don't think so. Then I got this other book from Dad that was like a small, about the average size of a paperback, but a little thinner, and it was supposed to be this quarterly journal like type thing about sound and stuff. And it was kind of brown and old looking, and it had yellow print on the cover that said, "How to Take Amplifier Wattage and Apply It to Speaker Power," I think is what it said, something like that. And I'm thinking, "Okay, do they have to have such a thick volume on such a topic? I mean, not just stuff in general, but specifically that. And I started flipping through it and it was tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny print and there was a subscription card in the back, and I was thinking how it wasn't a really a big deal that it was in tiny print because I have a CC TV. And then I got the biggest present of all. Now in my dream all these presents were wrapped in the same kind of wrapping paper, that kind of like rosish wrapping paper that I used for Mom's TV. This present was so big that it could pass for a piece of equipment, you know, like the average size that the average box comes in that you get? Well, it was that size and I ripped it open, all excited, thinking it was going to be something like that. And it was a box, a gourmet box of chocolate-covered cherries that was just huge. I was feeling kind of a little bit let down, but yet a little excited at the same time because I was kind of expecting something else. [laugh] And then as this dream goes on, it got really cool. The mermaid doll that I have, you know how it just duh duh duh duh. [laugh] I don't know what I'm saying, but you know how that is. Well, I dreamt that I found the little bag that it came in and there were these magnets, like refrigerator magnets, that you had to install, like you had to glue them to the battery compartment door so that either to make them hold the charge longer or to make them do something else. I think it was to make them do something else, but these could have not been magnets. They were either magnets or chips that you had to glue in a certain place on the door, and I was trying to figure how to do this and I didn't know if you were supposed to glue them to the door or the side of the thing. So I was trying to find the instructions to figure that out, and there was this big, thick book that was like newsprint, like the SPC catalog, and it was yellow on the front and it had little pictures in it. And it was all these things that this company makes. It was like an exquisite ______ illusion company, for lack of a better term. But they made imaginative things that you would use in displays and setups that were based on movies, like for "The Little Mermaid" they had two or three other models similar to my doll, and they had a whole bunch of other things that were different things, like Arabian figures and stuff. And they had this other mermaid with a purple fin, purple shells and blonde hair, and I was writing down the catalog number because that's another thing that I would want for my birthday. And then I woke up. That was messed up, man. That's all I can say about that.