I was in the Media Center of Westport High School. Now we know the Media Center is the building that is pretty much open air except for the classroom and has a really icky stupid elevator. [laugh] Well, in my dream I was coming out of one of the classrooms of the Media Center and I was racing down the like hallway on the second floor to get to like the stairs or the elevator so I could get down because somebody was waiting to pick me up. And part of the building was under construction, and in my dream it was a lot bigger than it actually was, and I was running down the hall and I came to this little metal gap, like, you know, how you get gaps in concrete, so I kind of stepped over that. And then it was like an obstacle course. There were like rubber mats, little pools and things, screws, there was concrete that was all torn apart and several layers and levels that I was stepping down, instead of just going down the stairs. I came to this area that there's a monument at the Scenic Point, that's like a point in two triangles touching each other, and well, this building under construction had one of those and I was standing underneath it, and I was standing in a puddle of water and I was starting to see lightning. And I thought, "Oh, my gosh, I'm standing in a thing that's metal and I'm ankle deep in water. I'm really scared here." I wasn't hearing any thunder; I was just seeing flashes. And so I climbed onto, you know how when you do construction, the windows aren't in and you've got like big gaps, I jumped onto one of the window gaps and I was sitting where the window was supposed to go, yelling for help from one of the construction workers. And I had the feeling that one of them was coming to get me, but instead, Mom showed up with the car. She pulled it right up into a dirt mound, got me, and I woke up before we could go anywhere. And that's that. Well, for one thing, I've been having a lot of stress lately, and it seems to be going away now that things have evened off, but I've just been having tons of emotional roller coaster rides, I guess you could say, because I've been really, really, really happy one minute and either tired or disappointed about something the next. And I guess before things started evening off today, I was feeling like I wasn't sure if I was going to get all my stuff done on time. So that could be where I felt like I was in such a dangerous situation portrayed in the dream. Now the other things are just kind of things that played in there, like the construction is still going on across the street, and fortunately I haven't had to go snooping in there lately. Let's see, I don't think there's any buildings at Westport College that are like the Media Center, but there is an icky elevator in the Language Arts Building that I don't really have the nerve to go on. I never thought I would be like that until Melinda brainwashed me into being afraid of elevators that aren't quite right. And, of course, we know about Mom with the car. She's the knight in shining armor once again because she's going to take me off to a bunch of fun things real soon, and she always comes and gets me out of these things in real life, emotionally more than physically. And that's just that. [laugh]