I was at Modern Media College in like September, and it was really kind of disappointing because when I was walking around, I didn't really run into any like labs or anything, anything that looked fun. But, let's see, I don't remember really entering, but P_________ assigned some kind of teacher to be my mentor, and I think she was a private school teacher who taught there some times. And I was walking through the building and Mom and the teacher were going to take care of some other kind of business, and while we were all sitting in this big auditorium, somebody knocked a purse over of this girl, and spilled all her change on the floor, and so they were going to pick it up and put it back in the purse for her. And this place was very well lit. It had carpet on the floor most places, and it didn't have all those crazy colors on the floor like I remember when I actually went to the building a few years ago. And I was walking around, and there was sound everywhere, but I couldn't actually get close enough to see where it was coming from. I was like in a kitchen when I re-met up with Mom and the teacher, and I had to practice making a sandwich or finding things because that's what I was going to have to do, and this was a little pookie kitchen and it had like practically nothing in, that I was supposed to work in. But before that, when I was trying to work in the pookie kitchen, there was somebody messing with the sound system in like the middle of a foyer thing, setting up like a Peavey system type thing, and I couldn't go check it out because I was confined to the pookie kitchen. And then [laugh] Mom and the teacher showed up again, and we ran into Ms. Fend, and she was saying how some bank screwed her all up for some reason, and we walked along and we went to another kitchen, except this kitchen was full of books. It was full of like kiddie books, and there was another little closet that was dark and probably had some stuff in it, but I didn't go in there. And then all of a sudden we were at the house and the teacher lady was sitting down and relaxing and I was sitting next to her and we were talking about things. And there were these boys that were being real boisterous at the house and they were having this party, and one of them sat down on her lap and was kind of faking a lap dance. And she yelled, "Hey, Mister, screw you!" And she threw him off, and she picked me up and walked me into the bedroom, out of that mess. And I think that's that, I woke up.