I keep having dreams that I'm at this school that's a combination of Westport High School and Westport College, and I keep waffling back and forth. I didn't do that when I came from Bancroft Middle School and went to Westport High School, so I don't know what's going on here. But I was in the Media Center at Westport High School, but I was taking a class in one of the rooms like I would take at Westport College. And I was up on the third floor and I was with some other people. They weren't like young people, but some of them were and some of them were like middle-aged older people. And class was kind of ending and everybody was just kind of sitting down and shuffling their books and stuff. And the fire alarm went off outside. You know how you don't hear it in the room, but then you hear it outside in the hallway? Well, all of us took our good old time packing up our stuff. Apparently we knew it was just a drill or they were like testing it or something. So we took our good old time -- that's kind of crazy. And so -- oh, I know -- by the time we were ready to walk out the door, everybody had their stuff because we had to like go all together and we had to wait for everybody to pack their stuff. Well, when everybody had their stuff, the alarm shut itself off, and so I had this immense fear going on that it was going to happen again while we were out in the hallway and it was going to be terrible. And dragging my book bag and stuff, and we can't really just go down the stairs because something is blocked or something, so we've got to go down these big ladder things and then walk across these like levels of concrete and then go down more big ladders and stuff. And we were all doing this with our stuff, and we got out to the, they had a bus circle at this place, and we were out to the bus circle and I thought I had missed my bus. So I was hopping a van with a lady and a couple of kids and they lived near me apparently and they were going to take me home. This van was a black van, if that makes any difference. And out there it looked like Westport High School. And as I was in the van, somebody said, "Well, you could take the bus. Your bus is still here. You can take the bus if you want." And I don't remember if I was on the bus or in the van coming home, but in my dream you had buses -- school buses -- to and from Westport College also.