I was participating in this NFD convention that was held in this stadium and outside, and we were walking around looking at different things. It was Mom and me and Terri that was there. And they were like, there was like a DJ and they were playing different CD's and stuff. Then we went to like the second level. In this particular stadium there were like where the, down on the field where most of the booths were, then there was a second level where some other -- it was like a thin little circle of fields that was a second level where other displays and booths were that were around. And we went back into a hall because we were looking for the bathroom. We found this audio booth where this girl was mixing, and I thought I used to know her. She reminded me of Abigail, the neighbor down the street, but I didn't know who she was in my dream. She was doing the mixing and stuff, and she was waiting for her next shift to come, and nobody else wanted to take over for her and she was kind of upset that nobody would take over for her. Terri, she asked if Terri would take over for her, and Terri was like, "Nah, I don't do that kind of stuff." And I had to cut in between in, I kind of waved my hand like you do in school, and waved it and shouted and cut in between them, and I said, "I would be happy to take over for you if you teach me how to run your system." And fortunately -- you know how like a band plays and then there's like a lull when they take a break -- well, fortunately I guess DJ's don't take breaks, but it was sort of a break phase while she was teaching me. This room that the equipment was in kind of put me to mind of the Warrior Vision room, and as much video equipment as they had in the Warrior Vision room, this was all audio equipment. She took me like from one thing to the next and like put my hand on it, and I was able to feel the front panel on each device, and I was able to sort of know what it is. I don't remember the most important thing. They did not have a mixer. [laugh] Shame on them! But had three CD's players. The first and the second one, 10 or 12 knobs across the front that were supposed to be like EQ things, and then they had the usual transport controls underneath the tray. And then they had a third CD player that was like a cream-colored personal CD player. Then they had two other weirdo things that I've never seen before. Oh, and then they had like tons of CD's, but I don't remember a mixer or an amplifier. How in the heck are we supposed to mix without a mixer? But anyway, I remember wishing that I had brought my magnifier so that I could at least try to read some of the titles, because after she left and she said like, "It's all yours," I think Mom and Terri went to do something else. And I was just taking time to look through their collection and see what I could see. And they had tapes of stuff that you listened to that was recorded, books and stuff, and they had CD's that were kind of blah, but the good stuff that she was playing I couldn't find. I wasn't looking in the right place. And I felt like I was doing a terrible mix because I wasn't playing stuff that was appropriate for the crowd because I didn't know what I was going to queue up because I couldn't read the darned things and I didn't, like with my collection I know what's where. Well, this one I just had no clue. And then we were home -- man, I'm using up tape like crazy -- we were at home watching movies, and I think it was "Brother Bear" with sort of a crazy spin on it and when the movie ended, I think for some reason the amplifier was in the middle of the foyer with no wires attached to it. But I could still turn the volume down on the front and the volume would still go down and it would still control things. That was crazy! And I was picking up all these lettuce leaves off the couch, and I was putting them into this green container and crying for some reason. And these lettuce leaves had to go back to Blockbuster with the movie, why I do not know. But Dad was like, "Are you crying like the Toyota?" And I was like, "No, I've got a stuffy nose and I always breathe like that when I have a stuffy nose." And then I woke up.