The first part was that we were at this school, and their like big auditorium, and we were watching these kids perform, and they were like dancing around in a big circle in like pilgrim dresses and stuff. And there was, then the circle, they disbanded from the circle and they would take turns singing and all. Their accompanist was at a grand piano, and the keys weren't out lateral, they were like typewriter keys, all sort of on top of each other. And the guy, all the kids finished performing and the guy was like trying to tune it or something and he had the lid lifted, and there was like fire. There was a different color flame for each note and for different chords the different flames had to sort of mix. [laugh] That was so messed up, man. I don't know where that came from. But then the next scene was that I was at like a beach thing. I think it had something to do with a scholarship convention, and I was swimming with Mom. It started off to be that I was at a boat ramp and Mom and I sort of strayed from the band and people that were there, and we started swimming. And the first weird thing was that there was a boat coming and we didn't want to get run over and so he's like, "Come on down," we've got to get under the water so that this boat can go over us. And so we went under, and I was able to breathe under water because apparently there was like a little air pocket that sort of came down with us, you know how things get. And then when we came up again, I noticed that we were two-thirds of the way across this bridge that was like, I don't know, fifteen or twenty feet long that was supposed to be the skyway, but it was too small to be the skyway. We were swimming to this little island, and Mom wanted to go in this little pet store and get food for the people's dog that we were staying with, but I was swimming naked and I didn't want to get out of the water, so I waited for her. And I started swimming back across the thing by the bridge, and on the other side there was like a turtle, and I touched the turtle, and then he immediately wanted to bite me. And I threw handfuls of sand at him so he would bite the sand and not me and I could get away. But he kept following me, following me, following me, and finally I just forgot about it and I went up on top of this bridge and I forgot all about the fact that I had been swimming naked, and they were like giving out like scholarship awards at this little pavilion. And I knew I was supposed to be one of them and I hoped that Mom would come over from the pet store in time. And I think that was it.