Boy, did I have a long dream last night, and I remember it so clearly too. Lately I haven't been remembering quite this clear. I dreamt that I was back at Westport High School helping Mrs. Dougherty with some kind of play that they were doing. And in addition to her, they had another voice teacher, that I think was Ms. Burton. She was taller and a little chunkier, and she was wearing blue and Mrs. Dougherty was wearing black. And apparently the kids liked Ms. Burton better, but I thought she was kind of boring, and the kids liked her better because she was kind of boring. She wasn't as vocally insightful, I guess you would say. She just went through the motions and tried to be a person. And I was helping them in the auditorium with s_______ and stuff, and I can't really remember too good, but I was mostly just standing around. And then we had to take a bus to a portable, and the bus drove us around the campus and drove us up into the portable, and drove us around in the portable until it found a place to park. And then it was just Mrs. Dougherty's class in this portable, and I had written two songs and she wanted me to give them to people to stand up and sing. And the one I had a written was a concept that I would rather be there to experience it, even though there was some stress. And I wasn't given ______ anything basically, and that song was about when I was in her class in high school. And the person couldn't really read my handwriting, so I was having to sing some of the words along with them, just so they could get through it. And then next thing I know Mom and I are walking with her out by like a bus circle. It looked like Bancroft Middle School's bus circle, but it was still at Westport High School, if you could imagine that. And she was talking about like sewing and stuff, and then we got out there and Mom stops. Apparently there was an alarm box out there that had like corrosion and stuff all over it, and Mom stopped and it was like, "I told them about this. I don't know why they're not doing anything about it." So she goes to the office and I'm out there with Mrs. Dougherty in the bus circle and I think Dad is there at that time, and I'm asking him, "Is the alarm going to go off?" and he won't ask me. So I figure out what that means. And so I run through the parking lot bus area and up onto this grassy medium that's got bushes and stuff so that I'm away from the building, and at that time I realize that I'm totally naked and I'm laying down and I've got a towel. I cover my head with the towel and I'm just laying there, all these bushes and stuff. And then Mom comes back and I call her over, and I tell her I need my clothes. And then I realize that there's a hotel above the school where we've been staying and that's where all my clothes are. And I find the clothes and then Dad shows up, and we're waiting and waiting and waiting, and they make an announcement on the intercom that the alarm might go off without warning. So I'm laying there with a towel over my head and I sort of heard it, but I put my clothes on and then I lay back in that position. And then there's a bench in front of us and they're unpacking all kinds of yogurt and juice and stuff, and they're picnicking out. And I sort of get less uptight because it hadn't gone off yet and it's been quite a while, and then I woke up.