These are two dreams that I had while I was staying up at the springs, but I didn't have this tape with me so I couldn't remember them then, so I'm recording them now. The first night I dreamt, I had kind of a screwy dream about a fire truck again. I keep having dreams on and off about fire trucks with the scary back-up alarm sound, and it's got to be kind of a dream symbol and I've got to figure out what it means. But anyway, I dreamt that I was going to help out the fire station with some kind of carnival or something. I don't remember having to deal with the Peavey system, but I was running around like putting tables up and stuff, and I had my cell phone on. The thing of it was, whenever anybody would call me on the cell phone, instead of answering the phone, I had to jump on the, you know, like hold onto the side of one of the trucks and let them drive off on a call with me. And we didn't only go on a call, we just sort of went around the block and came back. That was kind of stupid! But I had like a partner who was going to drive, like a man, like you know how they do. And Dad was there and I had a feeling he was like directing the events. He wasn't really going on any calls, but he was like an active lieutenant for the day. And when we'd jump on the side of the truck, the truck had two vacuum cleaner hose like type things hanging off the back of it dragging in the street. And you know how back-up alarm goes "Doo doo, doo doo," well, the one hose would make the high "Doo" sound and the other hose would make the "doo." [lower pitch] And [laugh] now that I think about it, it's the funniest thing. It would be going down the road like that. And it would do that sound when we were going forward, and we wouldn't back up, we'd just go forward and it would make that sound. And I know there was something more. Oh, in my dream it kind of scared me and I was dreading, dreading, dreading having to go on that. And so whenever I would get a call on my cell phone, I would think, "Oh no, oh no, I've got to go do this." And that was that.