Man, did I have a bizarre dream last night! Well, first of all I dreamt that I was back at Westport High School, kind of at like a summer school camp thing, and the transition students from the Wilcox Center were all there at this camp thing. I don't know why I keep having dreams about being back at Westport High School. I just don't get it! We were like doing a like a tour or some kind of a PE thing, and there was like this courtyard thing that we were all one. And we were like walking around the school and then coming back to the courtyard. The fire alarm system went off while we were out there, and, of course, it wasn't too terrible because we were out in the middle of a big space between a bunch of the buildings and things. And we were already out, so there was no reason to go running in either. I don't remember it was, whether it was just sort of a fluke or what. All the buildings it had shut off in except for the gym. The PE teacher was Ms. Lyons and she was going to take us in that gym no matter what. Yeah, it was still sounding in the gym, but she was going to take us in there anyway. And we were lining up getting ready to go in there. And you know how at Westport High School the Media Center and everything over in that area was like twice as bad as the other buildings. Well, the gym was like that too. And I was getting ready to skip class and run off somewhere, so I would have done anything except going into that gym while that alarm was sounding. And I couldn't believe that the PE person was going to take us in there anyway. But as we were going in there, it just seemed to get quieter and quieter and just sort of not be a thing any more. And it must've just been outside or something like that. And then we were doing our thing, we were playing ball or something, I don't remember. And then one of the girls in the transition program told me that she thought that Dad was having an affair with Charlotte Church because she saw these pictures of them together on the internet. And that all the details about how she was attracted to him because he made her feel so special and how now she wanted to be called Maggie or Gigi, and that Charlotte was just sort of a middle name. And that was such a surprise! And I think there was one other person involved in this, but I can't remember who. And then all of a sudden I was here in my house and I found this CD on the desk that like had some pictures and stuff on it. So I brought it up here and put it in my machine up here and tried to open it up, and it started acting like the Windows operating system, like the usual thing that you get, and to close in the upper right and all like that. And when I finally got to open the main part, it was like some kind of game thing. It was all these different pictures, and I was trying to copy and paste that one picture of him with Charlotte Church onto like a blank document, and I couldn't because it was in this game thing. And I was trying to open up the list of jpegs to that I could just grab that one, and I woke up before I could get there.