The story lines of me starting off a new year of school and somebody having a wedding were so closely intertwined, it was kind of hard to make sense of it all. But I think the first scene had to do with me being at Westport College and going to take a more advanced electronics class there. Well, first of all, the most clearest thing in my mind is I was with this guy who kind of acted like Andrew, and he was showing me that if you constructed this little round decorative thing out of metal, and you mount it on a sort of a metal plate, that there's holes in the metal plate that you put, that you attach a chain to. And you attach this chain and then you can chain it. And I think that he sent me to, it was Mom and I and we rode with him in this little golf cart down this path with these little ginger bready houses around it, and that was supposed to be the Westport College campus. And we came to the office of the man that I really wanted to talk to, but before he was there, we had some time to wait, so Mom and I kind of took off and we went to -- I can't remember where we went -- but I think we went to some kind of CD store or something, some place to shop, I think. And now it gets kind of fuzzy from there. But then I remember coloring some cards. They, I can't really explain what was on them, but you know how when I first look at a black and white thing, I can't tell what in the heck it is until I look at little parts of it and put it together? Well, it was like, it was in the "I don't know what the heck it is" stage, and I never put it together. I was trying to, but I could never make sense of them. I was just coloring all kinds of crazy colors [laugh]. And what else? [yawn] Then we were in this store and somebody was having a wedding and they were looking at tablecloths and party supplies and pink napkins, and I was thinking, "Oh cool, if there's some pink napkins left over, I can get them and use them as pink stuffing or something." And we were looking at white lacy tablecloths and stuff and I think we were enjoying _______, and then sort of I faded into consciousness after that.