First of all, I remember there was a lot of stuff going on and I only remember about half of it, but that's still a lot; trust me. The first thing I can remember clearly is that I had a math class at Westport College with a lady professor, and she was talking to us about how math is heavenly, but it's a cold heaven and it takes like, it keeps your mind thinking reason and logic and all that stuff. And I'm thinking, "Yeah, right, lady." And I had this, you know how in high school they had a book which had like two and a half pages each night? Well, that's kind of how this was, except it was like two facing pages was our assignment. And the first problem kind of read like this, "John bought five milliliters of ice cream, a cone, a rong (spelled r-o-n-g) and an equal = sign and a summation sign + 9 milliliters. So apparently you had to figure out how many milliliters in a cone and then add up the cone and the five and then figure out what the rong was. And then the rest of the problem was he was buying all this other food, like pizza with chicken on it and burgers with bacon, and you were supposed to know like how much it cost or how many calories it was without any other information. And I had a whole page of these to do and I was just starting to think about the first one. And next thing I knew, we were up in Jackson and Mom and I were like on a vacation, and I had all these problems to do on my vacation. And I think we were at Grammy's house first, downstairs, sort of getting settled and all. And we were waiting for Aunt Christine and Uncle Larry to come over, and Mom wanted to go up the stairs into Grammy's attic to get like her sewing or something that was up there. And so she turned on the light on the stairwell and we went up, and then she turned on the light in that first big main room where everything is, and she started digging around, rooting around, and believe it or not, I was kind of afraid to go too far into that room, but I was afraid to go back down the stairs because she had turned off the light in the stairwell, and it was dark downstairs in the house. So I'm like sitting there, or I'm like standing there on the first step, gripping the wall post molding thing between the stairwell and the room, and focusing on the light in the room, but gripping that molding thing so tight so that I wouldn't fall down the steps. And just waiting for her to just root around and spend all day and do do do do do do. And then I don't remember us going down, but next thing I knew, we were in Aunt Christine's cellar in her game room and the light was on by Bobby's pool table. And the room was much bigger than it really is. And Aunt Christine and Uncle Larry and Uncle Burt were in that room talking about making some kind of salad for dinner, and I felt bad that we must have woke up Uncle Burt somehow because, you know, he goes to sleep really early. And I wanted to go up to Uncle Larry and say "Hi," but I didn't want to hang around too much and look dorky because, see, he just got the b___________ in real life, and in my dream I remembered that. And I didn't want to act like I was too anxious to hear it. I wanted to act normal like I was anxious to see him. But I didn't want to be too anxious, you know how that goes. And fortunately it ended on a happy note like that, and then I sort of woke up. Man, I can't tell you what all that's about. But I can say that we've been listening to Bruce Springsteen lately while we've been doing major cleaning projects around the house. Yesterday I ran my sound system instead of having Mom run her Bose machine because hers is in her room kind of facing north, and mine has more power and it's sort of got more force behind it and it can just face right out the open door into my bedroom where we were working. So I blasted it and the whole time I was thinking about Aunt Christine and Uncle Larry and how carefree they are up there, and how I wish we could be back up there, no matter how snowy it is still at this time of year. And I think the math has to do with that I know that there are college math classes, and that I can't imagine myself being able to keep my sanity having one. And it was all I could do to get __________, and in this dream I was just sort of visualizing myself not being able to finish my homework and having these terrible test scores and everything I already went through in high school. And maybe it symbolizes like the stuff I'm having to go through now; I don't know.