I'm working in a courtroom - it's big, open, has lots of people in it, including George - who still teaches yoga too. My job is more or less clinical, but I'm pretty much indispensable - I do all sorts of things and make myself useful. Some of the people here are caricatures - there's a sort of hostile Groucho Marx, and pompous uniformed "official"-types (like from Ruritania or somewhere). Something needs to be solved, or someone needs to be captured, and the only thing for it is to go out there and do it. Nobody else will, so I'm gonna go myself. I have some adventures, hunting up and down, through the city. Somewhere I'm joined by (or I join) Roger Moore and another girl, blonde, a friend of mine. We've captured a woman who's supposed to be involved in this thing, but it turns out she's been a victim herself. We're going to have to spend the night together, and we get very chummy. In fact we all end up having sex. Now, Roger has so far considered me more like a little sister, but I'm glad he's changed his mind. There's a brief discussion about condoms, and somebody does have some - it crosses my mind to be sure he changes them from one to another of us. As we start to undress, I end up getting closest to him, and rather feel I've taken over, which is okay with me. In other scenes, I run into a girl I know but don't like much - she's short and funny-looking (and I can't remember where I know her from) - she says she's glad to see me, we don't see each other much. The 1st of these times is in a building, the 2nd is outdoors - I'm trying to keep up with some people walking and she comes to stroll beside me. I'd like to get away from her. Eventually, we get back to the courtroom, the blonde girl and I - and we turn the place on its ear. We expose the ringleaders of the gang, which includes Groucho, and discover the crucial evidence at the top of one of the giant windows. It has Venetian blinds - somebody has to climb to the top and get whatever it is. Big show. All the perpetrators get hauled off to jail, protesting and threatening, and things get quiet again. Now it's all over, I look back and see it's been 3 weeks since all this started. "Tree weeks", I say, "that took 3 whole weeks." As if I'm amazed.