It was close to my birthday and we were having some kind of garage sale or something, and there was like three or four keyboards out on the front sidewalk. One was kind of small and the other three were really big, and somebody was saying I should try them out and see what the sound sounded like, see how real they sounded. And I don't think Mom or Dad were there. I think this was like a big, it was either a garage sale or a party; I couldn't figure out which. But they were inside, busy as anything, and there were people everywhere. And so I put the smallest one on a little table out front, and there was a whole bunch of chaos and confusion, so I had to really listen and tell if it sounded normal or not. And it didn't really. It was kind of funny and kind of weird. And then, so I put it back on the sidewalk where it was with the others, and a bunch of other boxes of clothes and toys and things. And I went inside and Mom was making me a birthday cake that was supposed to look like that, either that or a mixer; I couldn't figure out which. But she started frosting it with chocolate frosting, and dabbing some white here and there. And next thing I know, the very front of the cake was crumbling off, and I could see that inside it was a yellow cake. And then some more of the sides crumbled off, and this cake was just getting smaller and smaller and messier and messier. And I don't remember too much about that little scene. But the next little scene was that Mom and Dad were out of town and the house was totally empty, and I was having Analisa and one of her friends over. Now Analisa is a Jehovah's Witness that's been coming around and, you know, sort of preaching once a week. And I was going to serve them Cheerios and something else, Cheerios and tea, I think, for lunch. And I had a little gold card from them that said something other than "Happy Birthday," but I sort of knew it was for my birthday. And I didn't want to tell them too much about what I did for my birthday because they don't celebrate birthdays and they would frown upon it. But I served them Cheerios, and they said that, they called them rings of cereal. One of the girls said that she did like rings of cereal, but without any fat or any sugar or anything in them. And I can't remember, but they just sat there kind of prissy, and I think I woke up.