Wasn't really so odd, but was sort of normal, as a matter of fact. I dreamt that my Mom and I were going to go to some park that we don't usually go to, and we were going to take the boom box and we were going to go by ourselves. And we were going to take some Pringles and some root beer and some fun snacks. And we were just going to go there and munch out and relax and just have fun. We were supposed to leave the house at 3:00 so that it would give us an hour and a half to be over there before she has to come home and fix supper. Well, she was dawdling -- and diddling and dawdling, and diddling and dawdling, and we weren't even close to getting out of the house until like 4:30. And I said, "Listen, we took up all our time. What's the use of us going now?" And all the stuff was out in the front yard by the bike, and the chips and everything was out there, and the boom box had turned into a small, little dinky, teeny portable unit. And I was bringing it inside, and I came in the front door and Dad was standing right there on the front porch and said, "Well, hello, Jess!" I just sort of put it down in a corner and was really embarrassed. And this is the craziest part: there was like a bench in our front yard that was blue and it had like, you know, the plastic diamond things that, you know, benches have. And I was getting really, really hot and bothered on that bench about something, and I bent over the back of it and I had the notion that somebody saw me. And I'm trying to think what else happened. Oh, then we were inside again, and Samantha, Sandra and Derek were there, and we were giving Dad a Father's Day present, but there was a wedding card that I made that was just of a couple, a bride and a groom, but when you opened up the card, it said something really gross inside -- I don't remember what. But Samantha gave that card to Dad and I snatched it away from him because I said, "That's not a Father's Day card; that's supposed to be for somebody else and that's for something else." And then I think I woke up.