Samantha and Sandra and Derek and Ms. Garland and Melinda and some of her family were all sort of in the house and milling around and stuff. And we were all going to pile into our car and go somewhere. And we were waiting and waiting for some people to get some stuff ready. I think Mom and somebody else were still getting ready, and Dad was standing at the door like, "Okay, I'm ready whenever you are." And I was sitting on the porch swing, and Derek gets out of the car and comes up to the porch and comes in the door and closes it. And this is just unfolding like ______ just I guess so we can look at it, but I think he's like cocking a gun or something, and then he went back out the door, and he got a chain saw and I saw he was going to bring it in the house. And he's revving it up and stuff out front there, and I thought he was going to bring it into the house. And so I ran through the house, and for some reason our house was a little bigger. And then different things kept stopping us. I think I might have been riding with Melinda a little bit, but I can't remember if we actually went where we were going. We were planning a wedding for me. Apparently Grandpa had given me some wedding rings and we had to just find me a person to go through the ceremony with just to show him that I got married with his rings, and we weren't actually going to legally do it, I don't think. And I can't remember who it was going to be, but we were getting all this stuff ready. And people were just like dawdling majorly because there were so many things, and I was outside getting some different stuff. And there was a brown and a white baby chick, and I would catch one of them and take it to the side of the house and put it in a cage, and then I'd go up for the other one. And when I was catching these chickies, I was sort of thinking how I've got to bring them in here so they won't run too far and so the truck won't back over them. And there was also a brown and a white grown chicken that I was catching and putting by the side of the house because I didn't want them in the cage so they would peck the babies. And I was sort of devising some kind of little fence to keep them by the side of the house. And then I was doing a bunch of other stuff in the yard, but I can't remember what. And then I was coming in the house and saying, "Okay, everybody, are you all ready finally?" And they were saying, "Well, we're going to come out there to you." And they were saying something like, "I'd better go talk to Grandpa because I don't know if he wants you to have his rings or if he wants you to have my rings." And then I woke up. I know there were more elements to it, but I can't possibly remember them all. I think there was some kind of orange blower thing involved somewhere, but I can't remember what.