Was kind of out of the ordinary, but it wasn't too crazy. I dreamt that, first of all, I was trying to access the State University website over the internet, and it was apparently by taking some courses from State University because I was trying to figure out what some course material was and what kind of books I was going to need or something, or what the teacher was going to be doing the next thing, or something like that. And I was having a s_____ read different prompts and things, just, you know, like in zoom text except it wasn't really magnified all over the place. I had a real simple screen that I was working from, and the synthesizer was reading a lot of the stuff. And I had to adjust the rate so that it would read slower, and I couldn't, and then I sort of figured out how. And I think Mom was working with me on this one, and she was telling me that you could access the whole thing from a cell phone, and I didn't believe it. It was too whacked out. But then, the next little scene is the part that I remember the best. I was at this ba____ like place, it was like a trailer area but it sort of had more of a farm to it. There were vehicles and things around and there were cages of, most of the cages were empty, but there was this one cage that was sort of covered in the front that had big bars and they were wide apart. And they had geese in it, there were about seven or eight geese in a cage about the size of the chicken cage, and they were all jammed in there. And most of them were grown. But there was this one black goose that was real, real thin and light compared to the others, and I had a feeling that she wasn't really eating. She sort of quacked like a female duck, but she had a long neck and a big body like a goose. And she ducked her head and was able to scoot through the bars of the cage, and I put her down on the ground and she was following me up the road to this house. And she kind of got tired and I picked her up and carried her. And she just had a real sorry sound to her, and I had the feeling she hadn't been eating very well. And I told the lady who runs this place, I showed her this black goose and I said, "I don't think she's been eating that well. Look at her. And the lady grabbed her from my arms and said to the bird, "What do you think you're doing?" basically yelling at the bird for getting out of the cage. And I said, I snatched her back and I said, "That's not the point. What I'm trying to get you to understand, Lady, is that she hasn't been eating very well. You have to give her something." And just about that time the bird left a big plop of poop running down my leg, and then I woke up.