For some reason I was feeling a little bit sick and weak, and Dad was wondering if I wanted to go to the beach, or go out in the tub outside. And I told him that I didn't. I think I felt like I had a fever or something and I just wanted to lay around and do nothing. And I don't remember too much more about that. But then in the next little vignette I felt okay and we were out at the beach, and I was walking in this water and Dad said there were a ton of little sharks around. But I wasn't really afraid of them because I knew they were just going to swim around and not bite us. They were like the size of kids' toys. But then when I was sitting on the beach when he was out swimming, there was a stingray laying up on the shore, and the stingray stung me right in the palm of my hand, and it wasn't really all that painful, surprisingly enough, but the stingray wasn't soft like they usually are; it was hard and rubbery like a toy. And I knew there were more in the sand because I could kind of feel them, and this was gross, but there was one -- I guess I was swimming naked -- there was one that was about to sting me in the butt, and I like shuffled it away. And then I was like, "Well, what am I supposed to do? I got stung by a stingray." And he said, "Now let's dive in the water." And I was afraid to go across that sand that led, you know, like there's loose sand then there's packed sand and then there's water? In the packed sand stingrays were popping up all over everywhere. But when I did get in the water, we swam and we swam out to this bridge that was in the middle of the ocean, and I hung onto the side of the bridge because I couldn't touch. And Dad pulled a knife out of the bottom of the ocean and said that it was an artifact because it was used during the Civil Rights Movement back in the '60s to cut niggers' heads off. And Dad actually said that, and he'd never said anything like that in real life. Now I couldn't understand where in the world that came from. And so I was there on the bridge and he went out for another swim, and he buried the knife back in the sand. And there was this woman that came out on the bridge and gave me a little brochure about herself, like she was some kind of a sea marine biologist or something. And then I woke up.