Was pretty complicated. First of all, I dreamt that Zane and Chelsea didn't really get legally married when I DJ'd their wedding when I was in 11th grade, but now they were getting legally married and I had to DJ a huge production that they were putting on to show everybody. And I spent like the whole day getting ready, sort of diddling around and feeling the adrenaline running through my system like it does. And I dreamt that I was in here and there was a musical keyboard where my typing keyboard is in this tray here. And there was like, instead of a tape machine and a mixer to the left of my monitor, or to the right (I'm not facing it, so I thought it was to the left for a minute), there was like the desk ended where the monitor was and there was like a whole pile of junk and stuff and boxes and junk. And Derek was sitting in my chair, and he pulled out my tray and he started like messing around and playing a riff (?) and stuff. And Mom was like getting all upset. And Mom was saying, "Don't touch everything, Derek, you quit it." And I'm like, "He can touch it if he wants to." And then after he did that, he like cleared out all the junk that was in there and dumped it all in Mom's room and put the case up there, back there where it was supposed to go, along with a little baby chair in there. And while all that was going on, I was trying to pack up like extra cables and like stands and stuff I take when I go on DJ gigs. And then I was going the day before over to Silas Cox's house, Silas and Sophia Cox were friends of Melinda's. And let's see, I'm wasting tape here. I was setting up the Peavey system and testing it and stuff the day before the wedding was actually supposed to happen because I wanted to see how the acoustics of the room where and how the layout was going to be and how I was going to run my wires because they wanted my table right in the middle of the room and I would just have wires going all over everywhere if I wasn't careful. And they had this like, this thing that kept evolving, and they kept telling me different information that was evolving. And at first I was packing up the Peavey system to take it home because the wedding wasn't for another day yet, but then and so I had it like underneath a little cover way overhang thing, and it was raining and pouring like crazy outside. And I was calling Dad on the cell phone and I was telling him that the wedding wasn't going to be tomorrow; it was going to be 5:00 today. And so I just needed to just sort of hang out here until then. And then they came out and they told me, "Whoops! We need you to be here at 1:30, so just hang right where you are because we're going to do the ceremony here at 1:30, and then we're going to go at 6:00 over to the banquet hall, like called Banquet Masters, for the reception. And then they changed it yet again on me and they said, "You need to be at the banquet hall at 1:30 for the ceremony, and you need to be back here at 6:00 for the reception." And I'm getting all turned around, and I'm thinking, "How in the heck am I going to get the Peavey system over to the banquet hall and set up before 1:30, and get it in there without people fussing too much?" And then I woke up. I think that had something to do with the political convention that I saw on TV last night. I saw Teresa Heinz Kerry speak in that bright red dress, and in my dream Suzanne Cox was wearing the same kind of dress. I don't think there's anything else to it except I'm just thinking about how I'm going to function in this... [end].