I was at a courtyard place that they were going to have a concert, with Mom. It was a place that was sort of like The Amphitheater because it was a huge inclined thing with bleachers, and then at the back there was a drop-off and there was a courtyard down where people could mill around and shop and eat and stuff. And then there was another building, a few feet away from the first building, which had more bleachers on the roof so people could sit up there and still see what was on the stage. And I can't remember who was going to be in concert, but I think it was going to be somebody good. And I think we were milling around and stuff before the show and we were going to get something to eat. And we went into this building underneath the first set of bleachers, and we were looking around and talking to some people, and we were in a buffet thing. And it was like a buffet, but everything was labeled with a price. For example, one little quiche, which was the size of a quarter, was $3.00, and three stuffed mushrooms were $20.00. Even though it was so just like so expensive, we were like just sort of throwing things on our plate and we were going to like run out. And after we were done, after Mom was done filling up a plate for us, she'd like say, "Come on, Jess, come this way," and she like disappeared. And I looked out in the hallway and all around the courtyard place, and I couldn't find her. And I didn't want to go up on the bleachers yet because you needed a ticket to get up there and she had our tickets. And I just sort of lost her. And I was wearing, at this time I was conscious that I was wearing a skirt and I was wearing stockings, and let me think how this went. I think I remember having something stashed in my underwear, but I don't remember what, and my stockings were falling down. And this man stops me in the middle of the courtyard and pulls up my skirt and says, "Here, let me help you pull up your stockings." And he started jibbling and jibbling and trying to pull up my stockings for me, and I said, "No thank you. I can do it myself." But he keeps trying to pull up my stockings. And then he stands there in the middle of the courtyard and puts his arms around me and starts talking, and thinks he can help me find Mom. But I really didn't believe him. And I don't remember how, but Mom and I eventually met up and she said that she had a ticket for right in front of the stage, in the front area, like in the drawing in an amphitheater it had the long dance floor in front; and a ticket for the highest row in the first set of bleachers. And she wanted us to experience each one and switch places in the middle of the show so we could compare the view from each seat thing. And she said that we should each have a cell phone so that we could call each other, but if there's a wild concert going on, I don't know how in heck we're going to hear each other. And then I woke up before the show ever started.