I was up in Jackson at Aunt Christine's house, and I was down her driveway out front, in front of her house, and they had tables set up and it was night time and they had bright street lights shining down on it. And all the cars were moved out and kind of parked on the street. And they had tables set up and we were eating lasagna out there. And there was stuff out like she was having some kind of a garage sale, but we were eating and socializing like we were having a party. And then she said that she wanted Mom and I to come with her down to her cellar to help her clean stuff out because she had a bunch of stuff down there that she wanted to have either moved or gotten rid of, I can't remember what. So Mom and I came in the house and went down with her, and then she went back out to the party and Mom went back out and left me down there by myself, which I wasn't scared or anything because her cellar is more like a room to me now than a cellar. And I thought I would never do this, but we slept in her cellar and I went down there a couple times without turning any lights on and it was okay because I just thought of it as a room in her house and I was going into a room where I could sleep. And I'm okay in open dark rooms, you know. And so, but anyway, in my dream there were lights on and stuff and it was okay, but there was concrete on the floor like a cellar. And I was going through clothes and baby toys and junk and stuff, and trying to put things in piles. And then I had a feeling like there was some, I didn't know why, but I had to get behind this rack of clothes and in behind this curtain. And I was fighting and fussing and fighting my way back there, and I finally got back there and there was like a little alcove with like a little stage and a big, huge keyboard back there. And I was thinking about how everybody was outside, and Mom was outside doing something with everybody. And so I was looking at it and studying it, and I was studying the control panel up at the top, and I saw that where there was like a power switch and display with m______ meters and a bunch of other stuff I didn't understand. And there was a volume knob at the far left, and I put it down like about it, and it felt big and kind of bulky like the ones on the stove are. And so I put it kind of down real low and then I turned the thing on, and this voice said, "Please do not change any settings." And it started playing like a demo song, but sounded like some kind of Rod Stewart theme or something like that. And I had the volume down as far as it would go and it was still like filling the room with sound, but I wasn't getting uncomfortable or anything; I was more like, "Oh gosh, what did I do?" [laugh] And then, before I knew it, I was kind of somewhere else doing something, and it was like there was a big -- what should I call it? -- it filled the cellar with sound and it was reverberating and everything. And next thing I knew, Bobby was down there with it and he moved it out of that place behind the curtain and put it out in the front of the room in the cellar, and he changed it to like a organ patch (?) and was playing a minor Halloween theme and doing scary laughs and jokes and stuff, as though we had an audience. And then I woke up.