I was going with ten other people from Westport High School, and Melinda and Mom and two other people, to Disneyland. And I can't remember why, but, oh, because we only had ten people and four chaperones and it wasn't big enough to take the bus. And Mom was going to drive some people in our car. There was one other person driving that I didn't know, and Mom had me ride in Melinda's Mustang with her and two other people. And so we started out and she was driving and she had this teensy little unit in the front of her car, and, you know, she used to have, or in real life she probably still does have this booming sound system. So I don't know what was up with that dinky little, actually it was like a dinky little portable boom box that she just put in the front of her car. And we got to someplace to eat, and we stopped and we kind of diddled around; we didn't really eat. And then we kept going and we got to like an outside part of the park where we were going to just stop for a while and collect our sits, because we started out at 6:00 or so and it was late at night now. I can't remember if it was early in the morning or late at night, but we stopped there to kind of collect our wits. And we were all kind of assembling together and I, Mom gave me my mini disc recorder out of her bag, and she wanted me to put it on my person so that I would have it if I needed it. But I reminded her that to go into the park, we'd have to go through a metal detector and they might find it and they might think it was really weird. And she said, "You're going to have to get used to this, blah, blah, blah," so I put it in my pocket and it had this long RCA to 1/8" (?) adaptor on it and I kept trying to shove that in my pocket too, and it kept hanging out, which I don't know why I would need that if I'm not connecting it to my sound system here at home. And I can't remember if I kept it or I gave it back to her, but then, next thing I know, two of the kids from Westport High School are kind of shoving me into this shallow pool of water that only comes up to the middle of my calfs. And we walk around and this thing's got like a soft bottom like Oceanside pool, but I wanted to get out real fast because I heard there were prickly things and grates and other things in it. And, you know, the whole point of the dream was that we diddled and we diddled and we diddled and we diddled and we diddled the day away, and we never got to go on any, go see any stuff in Disneyland. We just diddled. And I even, I rode home with Mom in her car, in our car, but we got home at like real late at night, and I was wanting to say, "Let's go back; let's go back there and do some stuff on our own." And she was like, "Yah, do, do, do, do." And then I woke up.