Samantha and Sandra and Derek and Jason were all in town, and Lee was there too. And I dreamt that there was sort of a new wave type of thing that the family was getting into, and it seemed like when any of them were together the only thing they could ever discuss and debate was how people should live if they are considered to be true Christians. And they would argue and debate over things, and one of the claims that one of them made was that you're never supposed to eat sheep meat, no matter what, that sheep are like the holiest symbol and you're never supposed to eat them. And it really isn't right to keep them in captivity, but a lot of people do. And I dreamt that there was this one lady that they talked about who would, you really weren't supposed to eat cat meat either, but she would like cut into the leg of her cat and take a little bit of meat off of him, and sew up the cut. Talk about gross! And the animal would live and she wouldn't want the neighbors to know that she was eating the meat of her cat, but she was, and the animal was still alive so it wasn't really obvious. And after all of that, I faded into another little scene that we were at a dock, at a boating ramp dock thing, and Dad was getting training through the Fire Department, along with some other guys, in how to drive these dinky little boats that would go fast one way and then would go really fast the other way in reverse. And I guess they were supposed to be used to look for people and stuff, but this boat was small enough that an adult person could lay down in the bottom of it and they would be touching either end of it with their head and their feet, almost a little bigger than a bathtub. So Mom and Dad were lounging back in the seat of this thing and they were going to start up the motor and start running around, and they got me in between them on board and it was sort of floating away from the dock, and they were going to start up the motor and start running it around and stuff. And I asked, "Well, was it going to be as loud as the one we used to have?" And they were like, "Yeah." So I sort of jumped out of the boat, which was really easy. All I had to do was just swing my legs over and I was in the water. And I swam back to the dock and I just laid on the dock and just let them drift away. And then I woke up.