I was back at Westport High School and I was going to go to a school play, like the spring musical or something. And I dreamt that I was going to sneak in, and I went in a door upstairs in the auditorium and I was thinking how I would sit on the balcony and watch it from the balcony, but the upstairs was different than the actual auditorium at Westport High School. It was more like a real theater where the balcony wasn't just across the back, but around the side. And I sort of pushed and ooched and scooted my way through some other people to get to the very edge front near the side. And I realized, "Hey, "I'm not going to see a darned thing from this position. What in the heck was I thinking?" So I decided I had to go in the front way anyway or down to the front somehow, and I saw that there were a lot of empty seats near the front of the stage. So I was making my way down there, and then Ms. Judy from the Wilcox Center stopped me and said, "Come with me; come this way; it'll be a lot less crowded." And she led me around behind where the stage is and there's an elevator back there. We went down the elevator. And there we were boxed in a maze of hallways that were real colorful on the floors and stuff, like Modern Media College's hallways are, and they had these chandeliers and stuff on the ceiling and these secret little dressing rooms, VIP areas. But an assistant was telling me, "Well, the school system gets away with this because they say it's being used for the students and their curriculum, and there's so much more square footage to air-condition, so they get more money from the County." Anyway, we were winding through these hallways and I never did get back to the front of the auditorium to watch the play, but next thing I knew I was coming home and I realized I needed to go back for something. Oh, I know, somebody was going to be picking me up. I think it Mrs. Mauger from Oceanside, and in my dream I couldn't remember her name. And somebody was going to go pick me up and we were going to go see here, and I was going to bring some clothes and stuff that we didn't need any more. And then I woke up. That was crazy, man!