I don't exactly know what to make of. First of all I dreamt that Mom was upstairs and she had her drawing counter cleared off, and it was about twice the size that it really is. And I dreamt that she was going to operate on somebody and she was going to give them like some kind of extra organ in their body. And she said she was going to give them a natural toy, whatever that means. And at the same time, I was messing with something else trying to get it to work. And then I kind of shifted scenes to the fact that we were in a hospital, and Mom was having some kind of heart attack or something like that, and she was like having trouble breathing. And I can't remember exactly how it all unfolded, but there were some kind of doctors there and everything, but in a matter of a little while they said that she was alright and they wheeled out, and I think Samantha, Sandra and Derek were there. And we were all sitting in chairs that were rolling, and we were wheeling her down the aisle and out the door. And somebody said, "We've had enough nervousness; let's go to a place where we can relax." So we were at this place that I thought could be Six Flags; it was a big open-like type space. And there were various sidewalks that kind of intersected at places, and they ran into these buildings that I could see off in a distance that I thought had things in them. And I thought that there was more park beyond the buildings. And I was rolling in my chair still, and I rolled it backwards up the hill and then I let it roll all the way down the hill. And then I rolled it over to a little bathroom station like thing, and I was wondering, "Now where in the world did Mom and Dad go?" And they were with two other people, I can't figure out who, and I was just thinking how I was either going to have to go to a pay phone and call Dad's cell phone and say, "Where the heck are you?" or I was just going to go enjoy the park myself. But I was thinking how I wasn't going to be able to find anything in the park, and how I didn't know how to get exactly past those buildings to more of the inner, inside part of the park. You know how theme parks have a big area where you just sit and wait as an entrance, and there's the actual thing inside. Well, that's kind of how this was. And that's really all there was to it.