The day that's supposed to be my going away party, but just listen to the wind outside! The hurricane's going to make my party go flop. But anyway, I had a crazy dream last night. I dreamt that I was in my apartment and I was having some visitors over as an apartment-warming party, and it was really an odd type of a place, and as I was walking around through it, I was feeling like, "This is not what I had in mind. I had a more normal place in mind." First of all you had to go up three steps and duck to get in the front door. It was almost like climbing in a window. And there was a couch right in front of it, so it was like a window instead of a front door. And then the bedroom had somebody else's stuffed animals in it, and it had kind of a small and bleah bed, and there was like a shelf mini sound system up on top, like in order to touch it, you had to stand on tippy toes on the bed, but you had a remote control that you could sit somewhere and control it with. And it sounded kind of old and kind of bleah, and you would press a certain button the remote control and it would act as a remote controller for the washing machine. And it had a little laundry chute where you would put the clothes, that was white, right next to the black sound array setup. And you'd put the clothes in and then you would use the sound system remote to control what the clothes have to do in the washing machine. How bizarre! How bizarre! And then Mom wanted to take me down to the cellar to see what the washing machine was doing, and I just did not want to go. I was scared to death to go in the cellar, and that's really all I can remember about that dream. And then I woke up because I thought somebody was knocking on my door, but it was the stupid window banging on the awning. The wind was blowing it around. I dreamt that we were at the park and Mom was playing one of my mixed CD's on her boom box, which it really doesn't sound that good, but it did in my dream, and I was sitting in a banyan tree. And then I came down and we were laying on a blanket and somehow Dad found one of my diary books and happened to open it up to kind of an innocuous passage about being in the park and climbing the tree, and he read it out loud, which I let because I knew there was nothing in that passage. And then he turned the page and he came to something about how hard to get along Aunt Joyce is and I made him close the book. And he was suggesting in my dream that he wanted me to scan these pages so that they wouldn't be on paper any more. "I don't understand," he says, "a person who doesn't think too much technology in somebody's life, gidgets and gadgets, is a good thing." But he's got this thing against having stuff on paper. [laugh] I don't know what it is, but in my dream he was wanting me to scan those pages in my diary so they wouldn't be on paper any more. And I told him, "It doesn't do OCR for handwriting. It probably will ______, there'll probably be an update and then I will, but not now. It doesn't do OCR for handwriting." Well, he didn't care; he wanted me to. So before I woke up, in my dream I was sitting there trying to do the thing, and I was getting a little tangled up and I wasn't sure where I was going and what I was doing. And then I woke up.