I really can't remember which of these scenes came first, but I'll try to just cover them all somehow. I dreamt that Samantha and Sandra and Derek were in town, again, and I was at this school campus with them that was sort of an unconventional large, sprawling campus. I couldn't figure out if it was Modern Media College or Westport College or Westport High School, but I think it had elements of a little bit of each, and it was just sort of a school that represented a little bit of each one. And to start off with, I was at this show with them, there was this big tent that was like, that was their cafeteria, and they had long wooden tables and we were going to eat something and watch this show. And they had huge light-up, blow-up things like you see at Halloween and Christmas now of Sesame Street characters and other little animals and things that would sort of float up to the top of the tent, and they would talk and sing and there would be three of them up there dancing around at a time. And they had these high, squeaky, kind of cartoony voices. And I can't remember what the significance of that was, but I think it was starting to rain and the show kind of ended, and I was walking around this campus with like Derek was there. And it was starting to thunder, and I was thinking how I should get into the main building at Westport High School so that I would be out of the rain and thunder, but having a concern that the thunder might set off the fire alarm and it might be a real problem because here in a building and it's pouring down rain, and that happens, you can't run outside obviously and you're just sort of stuck there. But I wasn't too afraid of that, and once that part kind of subsided, Samantha, Sandra and Derek were going to hang out in the big tent some more and I sort of had the notion that there was going to be another show, but it was going to be sort of on the scary side. And so I walked up some outside stairs of a building that had a lake in front of it, and I had keys and I had the notion that I was going into my apartment. And I was standing on the balcony kind of waving bye to them, and then I went in my door. And then -- this is the craziest part of all, and I think this is the last part -- you know that Santa mechanical that we have for Christmas? Well, I think his right hand is in a fist and he has a candle in his left hand and opening he has a baby. Well, in my dream both of his hands were in fists and his left hand had a light and his right had just had a gap for something to go in. And I think Ms. Jameson, my preschool teacher, appeared in all of this somewhere, and she gave me this candy cane, this fake candy cane with a fake Styrofoam present and some holly tied to it to put in the hand of my Santa figure. But she warned me that it came with a scary song that had a lot of "oo" words in it, and that I shouldn't open it and use it, that I should give it to somebody who didn't have that problem. [laugh] And how that goes together, I can't even begin to tell you. But I can't remember. I think I gave it to Derek and he told me he wasn't going to open it in front of me, but then I got curious and I opened it, and I put the candy cane in his hand and what it is, is when you put it in his hand and turn the figure on, it makes it play that song instead of a Christmas song. And I think it went something like, "_______________" [singing] Now that's a song I would hear the kindergarteners do when I was doing Braille with Ms. Garland back in 4th grade. We were in that little room by the kindergarten pod, and I don't know what made me bring it up now. And I remember thinking about that and not really being scared, but sort of being puzzled as I sort of faded into consciousness. And that was that.