The first one I know was very interesting as it started out, but I only remember bits and pieces of it now. But the craziest main thing that I remember was that I had the notion that before I had the ability to scan pictures, I could actually take the vacuum cleaner and not actually vacuum the picture up into the vacuum cleaner, but I could let it just kind of get like sucked up towards the brush and make a really, really funny sound and just hover there for a little bit. [laugh] And I had the notion that somehow I connected the vacuum cleaner to the computer with a USB cable, but somehow the picture would get over there. Oh, my gosh, how crazy. But then the bad part of the dream was that Sandra was in town with her baby -- that wasn't the bad part. And I was going up to our little attic, which is like a third level of our house, to pack some stuff for me to go. And I was packing up the crazy vacuum cleaner and a couple other things, and I laid down on my back and I fell asleep with the light on and the ladder down. Well, in my dream, either Quinn -- which is Sandra's stepdad -- or me shut the light off and closed the ladder thing and was going to try to kill me by leaving me up there. And so in my dream I wake up and I'm in this thing and the ladder is up and the light is off, and I'm like terrified, with a capital T. And I'm yelling and yelling, and finally Sandra comes and then opens the ladder and lets me get down, and I was kind of singing as she was getting me down the ladder, you know, the song from B_____, "Come and rescue me," and I think she carried me as though I was still light enough to be carried. And that's really all I can remember. But I don't know why, I mean, I guess we should say that in that little attic is the only place that I'm really afraid of heights. And I've never really been afraid of heights as a rule, but when I go up that ladder and I'm moving around in there, I just go so slowly and so carefully, even though there's a lot of room because I just don't like looking down that ladder for some reason. And I don't think anybody would suffocate in there because there's plenty of insulation, so I don't know what that was about.