Terri was trying to organize -- actually it was a person that was a cross between Terri and Mrs. Dougherty; I couldn't figure out who it was though. But she was trying to organize this musical play where people dance and sing, and the story line was supposed to be about a person who got sick and had to go to the hospital and recovered. And we were doing these things where we were building these fake beds and putting Styrofoam in them, and I was showing this lady how I could dance and spin on one foot and I could sing real elegantly so that I could be one of the characters. And I was showing her how I balance on one foot and spin and stuff. And there were three or four boys and another girl. I had a feeling that Christina and Danny were involved in this somehow. And there was one boy that she was calling Stanley, and I think I should say that the significance of Stanley's name is that in Sound &amp; Vision there's a man named Stanley who was putting, installing a whole house audio system in a rural country back in the boonies somewhere, but I don't know what that means to the dream story. But anyway, I was going to be like the sound designer or something for this play show thing, and we needed to go to the fire station and record some fire engine things so that we could do the amb_______ shuffle thing. And we were at this fire station, and for some reason there weren't a lot of fire people around. But the fire station had a bedroom that looked just like Mom and Dad's bedroom, and I was in that bedroom with my mini disc recorder, and in this dream I could actually see the videos very well. There was LED instead of that LCD black on gray. Let's see, and out on the driveway in the garage area there was a truck there, and two of the fire guys were out there watching, and this Stanley was going to start up the truck and maneuver it around and run the things. And I ran a long wire with the lavaliere mike on it from my mini disc recorder in this bedroom out to a post by the truck, and I stuck it on a post, a little clip on the post. And I went back in the bedroom and I covered my ears with like cotton and stuff, because I was really scared of the sound he was going to make, but I could watch my reviews (?) and see that it was coming out. And so I was there, and let's see, I was watching the meters and I didn't see anything, and I didn't hear anything, but then about ten minutes later this boy named Stanley came in and he said, "Did you get it?" He told me, "I backed the truck up and I went in a 360 degree circle and I ran the back-up alarm. Did you get it?" And I said, "No, I didn't get it. I didn't see anything in the meters." And he said, "I even ran the siren; did you get that?" And I said, "No, I didn't get that either." And then I woke up. That was bizarre, man! How bizarre! How bizarre! I don't understand how this Stanley played into this thing, but I think this can have some kind of meaning to it. I'm not sure what though. ___________ bring out a couple of inhibitions that I might be having about once I get into the field, I might be having to record things and deal with things that might scare me a little bit and might dig up things, because stuff like that is rare, but it does surface and when it surfaces, you just have to deal with it. You've gotta just sort of, you know, you got to deal with it. And I think the part where he drove the truck backwards in a circle a few times so that he could run the back-up alarm, that comes from a little toy truck that Brittany had that would go in a circle and do that, and that was a very infamous thing back about, gee, I can't even remember when. And I think the part about the dancing and singing play comes from me thinking a lot about the Celine Dion show in Las Vegas, and how I would love to read a book about everything that went into that show and everything that they did, and how they decided to do just what they did.