We were coming down the Interstate to go somewhere and it was Mom and I, and we were in the truck. And Mom could let go of the steering wheel and lay down in the back of the truck and let the truck ride along the Interstate, and it would just go like it's supposed to. And I was laying near her, and we were in the cab. And then I told her, "Now watch for the exit, because it can really go quick when we come to the exit." Well, she wasn't ready at the time and the exit came up, but the truck sort of went down the exit by itself, and she was just all nervous and jumpy because she didn't think the truck had any brakes. But it did. And we went to the parking lot at the store that I was pretty sure she had to stop at. I don't remember too much more about that. But then, all of a sudden, we were in this house that was like an artsy show house, but I had the notion that they were wanting to sell it, but they were holding a benefit dinner there for some kind of charity. And Samantha and Derek were there, and they were having this dance thing, like meters and strobe lights on the porch, and I couldn't really go there yet because we were waiting in line for the dinner thing. And then it kind of quieted down and the porch was like empty and it was daytime, and I was in line and I had my plate finally and I was going to a place at the table to sit down. And one of the ladies asked me a question right when I was taking a bite, and they said, "Jasmine, spit out your food and look at me before you talk." One of the old crazy ladies that was giving the thing. She expected me to spit out my food instead of talk with a mouthful. And the thing of it was, somehow I got in the line at this food place ahead of Mom, but I wanted to sit next to her because I got this huge plate and I wanted her to share it with me. I think we could only pay for one plate and we were going to share it. And so I think the lady even said something like, "You need to sit next to your father because he came to dinner with you." But my dad wasn't there; it was just my Mom and me. And then the lady decided she's going to get me out of the prissy dinner scene by taking me to see another little like mother-in-law house attached to this place. And she kept _________ this next, oh what should I say, across a little boardwalk and into this little house. And I noticed a porcelain teapot that wasn't fired yet that had all kinds of little beadwork on it, and I like pressed it against my face and smelled it. And when I took it away, my mouth had the beads on it, and I had to hurry up and try to scrape the beads off it so the lady wouldn't see. And then I woke up.