Man, where are the days going? Last night I had a really crazy dream that felt so real. The main point of it was that Suzy was going to perform at Disneyland, and she had three free tickets, and she was going to give one to her brother, one to Mom and one to me, if we could go. And it was like I knew that it was Thursday night, and according to my dream, we would be off down the Interstate by this morning. And ironically I saw in The Weekender that Celine Dion was going to be there at the park the same night. In fact, Suzy was going to open for her. And there was all kind of hoopla about there was this lady that was putting a house together that would fit the pampered diva and all that stuff, and then I realized that I really should call Suzy just to make sure the tickets really were free and we didn't have to pay anything because she heard something about, "Well, if you guys can come up with $45, then you can go," or something like that. And so I was trying, it was like real late at night, and I called and I left her a message. And then I was kind of fading into consciousness and realizing that it was a dream. And last night I never did, I mean, the night before I never did get around to recording that one. I dreamt that, first, I was in the kitchen with Samantha, Sandra and Derek and a couple people from my chorus class, and we were all in these black robes and we were going to sing a song in the kitchen. And this teacher lady had a keyboard set up on the counter, and it was plugged into that outlet by the toaster, and she was going to accompany us. And next thing I knew, I was in this music class with this teacher, and the chorus was all singing, and for whatever reason, I had to work on this typing practice program. You know how they give you these typing exercise drill things? Well, I was working on a program like that on a computer that was set up on a rolling cart in the middle of the floor. This room was just huge. And apparently I was doing pretty good with the typing program because the teacher came over and said, "Okay, I think you're ready for something else now." And Mom was there, and did something else, I don't remember what. But the teacher was going to sort of put her class on hold and go and try to find a midi (?) program and see if she could make it work. And while she was gone, I noticed that in this sort of trashy box there were several unopened tapes and CD's. There were cards with song words on them, and there were ten tubes of wrapping paper that were just going to be thrown in the garbage. So I was like trying to pile that stuff in my book bag without the other kids seeing, and trying to save it from the garbage, because it was really good stuff. And then I woke up.