The last three nights I've been having pretty dynamic dreams, but I just finished the whole blank tape and I have been reluctant to start another one. And mostly I've been writing them down in my journal, or rather typing them. But I feel like, for some reason or another, I need to go back to speaking on a tape. And I think that is because my writing -- I describe things differently when I write than when I speak. And for journal and for diary that's good because I like my word sense per se, my syntax. I like how I can sit and come up with vivid descriptions of things. But in my dreams some things are very vivid, and I can't describe them in words, and it's easier to describe them verbally than actually writing it down in words. Although sometimes it may be better to write them down in words because I capture more detail that way, like when I wrote about Samantha and Sandra and Derek and I singing on stage and jumping on this trampoline, I just filled that with as many details as I could think of. And I guess I have to try to do that in my ______. And I keep saying one of these days I want to sample all these things and I want to turn them into mp3's and I want to cram tons of them on a single CD so that I don't have all these tapes laying around, and so that I can start using the tapes again to do stuff like this, because every time a thought rips me, I don't want to have to stop what I'm doing or get up in the middle of the night and go turn in my machine and grab a mike and plug it into the mixer and go to c____ and get Pro and doot, do doot, do doot; doot, do doot, do doot. I want to grab my take machine, hit "record" and start saying what's on my mind or what I'm thinking before it just totally goes away. So it's better consistent, just voice, it doesn't really matter; it doesn't have that much spectrum to it. So I can use tapes to capture it and then sit around diddling, diddling and diddling and diddling after the fact. [laugh] So here we go. Last night's dream is still the clearest to me because it was the most recent and because it kind of hit my like a ton of bricks in the way. Not that heavy, but it was something that I was thinking about. I dreamt I was back home in Westport and it was like I had been away for a while, like I am, and I was coming home. And they were having a celebration for me, but it was a little pinky celebration. There was like three people there, I think Clark and Marilou and Terri. And they were just talking, there was no real party going on. But somehow Mom was riding the bike and I was sitting on her handlebars in the basket, and she was telling me that she was pregnant, and that she was having a baby. And she said that she didn't want to have to start all over again, but that Dad wanted another child, and he did want to start all over again. And so she had to have this baby because he wanted one. And she said, "I'm only going to love this baby half as much as I love you." And I was so sad for her because, first of all, she didn't want to start all over again. This is a time in her life where she's ready to move on and do other things, and apparently it wasn't like the regular pregnancy term. It was this deal where you get pregnant, and four or five days later [laugh] the baby pops out. That was messed up, man. And then we were on -- in the last scene of that dream -- we were on the bed, and I was laying and I was talking to Mom about various things. And she was signaling to me that Dad was on the other side of the bed and not to say anything really outlandish. And I looked over and I saw that he was, but in this dream that was unusual because she was on his side of the bed and he was on her side of the bed. Now his side of the bed is the closest to the short mirror dresser and the stereo receiver in the room, and her bed is closer to the upright dresser and the night stand and the air conditioner thing-a-ma-jiggy. So in my dream they were kind of reversed, and I was just kind of making up small talk. And then I woke up. Now the night before I had a dream that was real, real kind of foggy and bleah and blurry, and literally I was walking around in a blurry world. But the concept and what happened is kind of not clear either. I dreamt that we had come home from some kind of long trip and we needed to do something with Grandpa, and it was dark out. And Dad was in the truck and Mom was in the car, and I was riding with Mom in the car. And Dad was going to go to Home Depot and get one or two things for Grandpa and then go over to his house. And Mom said she was going to go do some grocery shopping and make some copies and this and that and the other, and she said, "I hope you don't mind me driving around so much." And Dad was like, "No, that shows that you love me and you want to take care of things around the house, and for the house. And I was like, "Wow," they would never say anything like that in real life. They've never been gushy over each other. And so Mom and I really were just going gallivanting, just going to do all this stuff together, and we were in this area that had woods. We stopped the car and for some reason we shut off the engine, but the headlights were still on. And she was guiding me through this banyan tree area, I think there were like several banyan trees. And there was this net, and she led me through, you know, tripping through the roots and everything, and there was a butterfly caught in the net, and it was a big butterfly, about the size of my two hands put together, if each hand was a wing. And it looked like a Monarch, and it touched it, and that helped it get out of the net and it flew off. But I felt good that I was actually able to see a butterfly. And that's all I can really remember about that dream. And the third one that was two nights ago or three nights ago, I dreamt that I was at some kind of beach with Mom and Dad and Terri and a bunch of other people, and we were planning this celebration for me for some reason. I think had either graduated or had some kind of successful milestone and we were going to be in a parade, and we were going to be in a school bus in a parade. And we were organizing like the parade route and this and that and the other, and the bus driver had this really thick Spanish accent. And this lady -- I don't know who she was -- I don't know who she was, but she was very outgoing, she sounded like a cross between Terri and Serena, and she was leading everybody and trying to get them to have fun and party on this bus. And you know how buses have intercom systems sometimes to talk to the passengers? Well, she was, her and another cluster of people were yelling into the mike, saying, "Party, yahoo!" and stuff like that. And I'm really surprised that there was no feedback, but in this dream that law of physics was suspended, and it was funny because she aimed it at me and I was sitting like four rows back. And she said, "Jasmine, say something!" And I don't remember what I said, but I said something and it was amplified as though I was talking into it. And that's all I can remember about that.