I was at this class with Ophelia in college, and it was more of a linguistics class than a Spanish class because we were given these sheets with pictures and _____ with _________s. And they had pictures and they had sentences that, oh my gosh, were comprised of Spanish words and Italian words and German words and French words all mixed around. There was even some Latin thrown in. And we had to discern the meaning of the sentence based on the familiarity with the Latin bases in each language and look at the picture. Oh yeah, and there were some blanks in the sentence too. And we had to fill in the blanks with Spanish words because that was the only foreign language that we had expressive and receptive skills in. And then we had to write our own sentences, and I don't remember being able to discern too well what the pre-made sentences were. But then I wrote, we wrote some of our own sentences, and one of the sentences was, "Dwight and his girlfriend had keys to the bathroom because they had to go really bad. Then they got locked in." [laugh] Now where that came from, I don't know, but I remember I was working on another one of those, and we were at the airport. Mom and I were supposed to go on a plane somewhere, I think, and I was working until like the last minute to finish that thing. You know how I do sometimes. And then I had to, I really did have to go to the bathroom, and, well, come to think of it, I wasn't going anywhere with Mom; I was going with this class. And I had to go to the bathroom, and in this line of bathroom stalls, they had stalls with doors that closed, and they had empty toilets facing sideways in front of the doors. And so I sat on one of the empty toilets in front of the doors, and the door was open, and Dad said, "Try and move over in here; I've got to go too." And he went in the stall and closed the door, and here I am sitting on the toilet in front of the door. I guess he Athought it was more politically correct to see a woman going to the bathroom than to see a man going. And as I'm trying to go, somebody in the airport comes out and starts talking to this class about what they're going to do when and what flight they're going to take and what city they're going to stop in and giving them directions. And I noticed that they were all sitting real close to me, and I'm like in the audience. I'm just on a toilet instead. And so I'm standing up and trying to pull up my pants and I feel a little embarrassed. And then I woke up.