Samantha, Sandra and Derek were in town. They were staying in this kind of house that wasn't ours, and it had wood floors and it had a lot of windows, but it was smaller than ours. And the main thing about this dream that I can remember right now was that Derek had this red car that was really new-fangled, and he designed this type of alarm that was to warn people around that a person was having an epileptic seizure, but in order to activate it, the windshield had to be cracked and the two front doors had to be open. And it wasn't a "whoo whooey" kind of sound; it was a dark, heavy -- I don't know how to describe it -- kind of lower frequency and a horn kind of an alarm. And it was a few decibels louder than the norm. And I dreamt that he was wanting to demonstrate it to everybody and everybody was wanting to see it, and they sort of told me, "Oh, it's not going to happen. I'm just going to show you what makes it happen." But I knew better. I was out on the porch with them, and I opened the door and I ran in the house. And the bedroom was close to where the car was parked, so I ran in the living room, I laid face down on the couch and covered my ears. And I heard it a little bit, but it wasn't bad. Then I went back out and I think there was more to this dream in that these, this scene with the car that he had designed had something else to do with audio also, but I can't remember exactly. And it had to do with this round thing that was part of the engine, and if it got too hot, it was a problem. But I don't remember any more. Oh, and another thing was that Dad took me to this place, this 18 key place, and I took my cell phone to ask a question about something on the bill because the bill was like $96 and usually in reality it's only $26. And I couldn't figure out what in the heck was going on. And I think that was all. Now there's something else I remembered about that dream. I also dreamt that there was a white chicken and another chicken that was white with black speckles, and I realized I had a notion they had been sitting in boxes for days, live chickens just sort of confined in little cardboard boxes about twice their size. And they were light and thin, they seemed way too light for their sizes. And I figured it was high time that we let them run in the yard, and I wanted to keep a close eye on them to see if our other chickens would accept them or if they would go crazy and peck them and shoo them. And I really don't remember what happened, but I remember them walking away from the boxes and doing just fine.