I say that because it makes no sense at all. I dreamt that Samantha, Sandra and Derek were at town, and we were up at some place like Clementine Springs or some kind of p_____ park or nature preserve or something like that, but I had a feeling it wasn't exactly Clementine Springs, but it was another name like S_______ Springs. And let's see, what happened first? Samantha, Sandra, and Derek and Teresa and Paula and Patricia, and they all went off to do something, and they were splashing and ______ing in the springs and stuff, and shooting down the river, and Mom and Dad and I were sitting at an area that really closely resembled Circle Lake Park. And we were just sitting there, like quiet, and we were just talking about different things. And we were gazing into the water and we saw like these reflections in the water that were like people with instruments. And Mom said, she said, "I saw an advertisement that was for a keyboard that could make the sound of all the instruments that were ever created, for only something like $50. Now that can't be. It would have to be really kind of cheap." And Dad was right there, and I think she said, "I'll show it to you, but you have to do your homework first." And apparently this was like back when, I don't know, but I had the notion that I had some homework to do. And it was like math, it was this really simple -- oh, before any of this -- now it's coming back to me: I dreamt that I was in a class and these college kids were so dumb, they didn't know their times tables. And this math teacher was trying to drill the times tables into these kids my age. And so, back to the scene that I was talking about, we had multiplication homework that was like really basic, except in some of the problems there wasn't numbers. There were little fish symbols, and I didn't know what to make of them. And then some were normal and some were stupid things like 1 X 12 and 0 X 4 and stupid stuff like that. And also there was one really challenging one though that was 23 X 63. And I was thinking, "Okay, how do I do this one? I don't the space to write it out, and I don't have a calculator. So, okay, I can do 9 X 23 and then do 7 X 23 and add those two numbers together and that would be the answer to what 63 X 23 is." And then I woke up.