Man, I screwed myself over. What I did is instead of turning on Alarm #1 that is set for 7:14 so that I can wake up in time to do my thing and wake up and eat my breakfast and get dressed before lab at 9:00 -- our class, I mean, at 9:00 -- I turned on Alarm #2 which is set for 5:17, and it just came on and woke me up and now I'm wide awake and it's 5:30 in the morning, and I don't know if I'm going to go back to sleep or I'm just going to stay up, but now I'm all wired for sound because I'm starting to have thoughts go through my mind about all kinds of stuff, and I'm very bad about just turning my brain off. [laugh] Because my brain is always thinking. Okay, so now that I'm awake at this hour and this goofy dream is fresh in my mind, I'm going to put it on the tape. I dreamt that I had to give Christina a flower arrangement. I guess it was for her graduation or her birthday or something. I didn't really want to because she was being a conceited snob to me. Now Christina usually is okay to us, but I hear that she can be quite a snob, so I guess that's what this is based on. And it was just like three roses and some other flowers, so went over to, it turns out that it's not Christina, it's Jill. And Jill had a thought that she wanted me to hold the g_____ while she taped, and I did that and she thanked me and she was surprised. And, let's see what I remember. Oh, we were sitting in the living room, Mom and I, and we were eating this crazy pudding-like type dessert with Cheerios thrown in it. And Mom said that that was something that Melinda used to do. And I dreamt that that evening Melinda had invited us to go to her house, and Mom and I were going to kind of sneak out the back door and walk over there. [laugh] I don't think we ever made it over there, but she was saying how she was going to give us root beer floats and stuff. And the last scene is that I was on a playground at a school, I think, and there was a boy about 10 or 11 and he wanted me to tell him the difference between a May (?) controller and an arranger model. And about that time I woke up.