First of I dreamt that Aunt Janice was here with me, visiting me, and we had been to an audio production seminar together. She was interested in it, I guess, because she could use it to help her business put presentations and stuff together. And I was trying to teach her about wave form editing. She didn't really get it at the seminar, so I offered to have her come back here and I was going to teach her some about it. I had this program that kind of worked like Cool Edit Pro, but it looked like Digital Performer. There was a white background, black glaze, and in some cases the waves really looked like audio waves, but in other cases they were just g___ of a sign wave, like up and down and up and down like in the form of a sign wave. And I couldn't figure out why that was, but somehow it was working for us. About that time somebody knocked on my room door and said that ______ was kind of upset, and she, I went out there and she was holding two dishes in her hands and sitting on the couch and crying. And she said, "These were in the fridge, and I have to wash them every time." And I felt bad for her and so I took them from her and they were full of gooey mushroom soup, by the way, and I said, "Don't worry; I'll wash them tomorrow. It's okay." I got real close to her like I do with Mom and I kissed her. And she kind of wiped her tears away and everything, and then I went back to editing sound with Aunt Janice, and she was looking around my room while I was doing all that, and I had these weirdo little things around. And I had this tall, skinny extra, extra-exaggerated statue of Pluto that she was looking at, and I had this blue cow statue with a yellow bow on its collar. Actually it wasn't a statue; it was a cut-out out of felt. And she said, "Oh, you have the blue cow. I love blue cows." [laugh] And she wanted me to record her talking about the cow statue into my editing program so that we could learn about editing using that audio. And that's about all I can remember.