I had a crazy dream last night, that I was back in Westport and that I was having classes at Westport College just for the month that I was in town, just so that I could have something to do. I really didn't want to go to them. I had a class that started at 5:00 and ended at 9:00, just like I do at Modern Media College. But it was about history or something. And I was explaining about how Mom and Dad were going off and that they were going to be doing some errands so they could bring me there, but that I was going to have a cab bring me home. And while I was there, I was staying at this like commons dorm-like type thing instead of at the house, and I had my own room with a bed like I do here, and I had to go to another place to take a shower. And I took my shower, well, before I took my shower, I was on the couch with two girls and a boy. They had this thing that belonged to one of the girls, and this is whacko. What it was, was like something that sort of looked like the two mikes that we were talking about in class, but it was more like this kind of hypnotist therapy thing where you hypnotize people with it. And what it did is that it sends out a certain electrical field, sort of you hold it and you swirl it around someone's head so that the electrical field sort of whirls around their head and relaxes and hypnotizes them and whatever. And it would also create the sound of certain musical notes as you hold it close or further away from somebody's head, kind of like a Theremin. You could change the strength of the electrical field. They were all teasing around like teenagers do. This boy decides he's going to try it on me. It's okay at first, but then he's holding it a little too close to my head and it's not good, so I'm trying to take his hand and make him back it away. In doing that, I bumped the switch to change the electrical field, and then it was really strong and making all these arching sounds, and I couldn't stand it. And I think I finally got away from him and got into the shower place and got my shower. And when I was done there, I had to get back to my dorm room and I was totally naked. And in this place it was okay to run totally naked from the shower to your dorm room, but I couldn't find my dorm room. All these little hallways and things that I would run down, and I would open the door and it would be somebody else's room with somebody else's stuff, and I would go to another place that I thought was mine, and there were two boys watching TV. And I closed the door and they didn't say anything like about they saw me or anything, but I woke up without ever finding my room, I guess.