There were people that lived in our complex that were having a wedding, and they invited Jill and I. In my dream we were close to water, and at these peoples' place they had this house and they had this pool and then in the back they had a boat, but it was more like a big, big ship. This place was close enough that I could walk from my apartment. And so Jill and I walked over and once we got there, we kind of like parted ways, like we wouldn't be together. And I walked around and I looked at things. I walked around the pool and I was careful not to fall in because it was actually kind of cold, but I went in these scruffy-looking shorts and this pink sweater with gold sleeves. It was still kind of tame; people were getting ready, but the bride hadn't changed yet. She was still in like beach clothes, and I didn't even know who she was. I didn't know why anybody was. And, but they were real warm and friendly. They seemed to know me real well. I think a girl and her father and the son were kind of milling around. Nobody had already changed yet. They did a little bit of stuff and I was thinking how, man, it would have been so nice if I could have the Peavey system and DJ for them. I was thinking how I couldn't have gotten it from Westport to here and here to there in an hour, so that was kind of a lost cause. After a while, when everybody went to change, I went back to my apartment to change into shorts, and I didn't know what happened to Jill. She must have went off with some other people or something. And I put long pants on and kept my pink sweater with the gold sleeves. [laugh] At that time I think they were like starting to serve some food and I got a little bit, and then they were going to take everybody on the ship for the actual party. They didn't actually do any exchanging of vows or anything. They just had like a reception party, and everybody was changed into their clothes and everybody was all authentic and everything, and we were on this big ship. It reminded me of the Prince Eric ship. And I went out on -- it wasn't tall like the Titanic, but it sure was long -- and I went out on the deck and I sat out there to look out on the water. In my dream I feel asleep, and I fell asleep while all the partying was going on. Whoever was captaining the ship came to get me to say that he had come back to dock and that it was time to go back to the house. And he was real nice and, you know, when I step on and off of a boat, I have to take somebody's hand, and he gave me both hands like I need and he kind of helped me get on dry land. And then when I went into the house, Mom was there, and she was helping them pick up the food and clean up everything, and I didn't get to have any wedding cake because I was asleep, and so she gave me some. And there was this milk bottle thing that I felt was going to have milk in it and so I poured some in a cup and I was going to have cake and milk, but instead what it was, was some kind of cleaning stuff and I took a sip and I was like, "Bleah!" and it was a good thing I didn't swallow. .... Hey, that was perfect timing. Did you hear how that tape didn't flip until I was done? I've never had good timing like that before. Let me just sure things happened when they were supposed to.... And the night before I had a dream that I didn't get a chance to put on the tape, that I will now. Kind of goofy. I dreamt that I was still in the middle of my program at Modern Media College, but it was Christmas again already. Mom and Dad and Sandra, and I think Samantha and Derek, were coming to visit me. And my room was a little bigger than it actually was, and I had wooden floors in this place, and it was kind of dark. And I had the two _____ was plugged in, and I had the angels and swan thing on my dresser, like I do. We were all sitting around in here. There weren't enough chairs so everybody was on the floor in the space in front of my bed, over by the computer table and the dresser, the big open area. We were all sitting around in a circle in that area. We were talking about how we were going to go from my place to Westport in a whole like caravan train [laugh] and Mom and Dad were doing to drive their car and Samantha and Derek were going to go in theirs and Sandra was going to go in hers, and we were going to just do a caravan train. And we were bringing a bunch of furniture and stuff with us, as though I were going to move back. Mom had brought me the cheap TV trays like she told me she was going to, but when we went back to Westport, she brought them back. And in my dream we were going to bring all my Christmas decorations and things, for what reason I don't know. And without my really knowing, Mom packed my keyboard in the stuff to go home. When we got home, she set it up on the kitchen table, with the tablecloth folded back, and she wanted me to play her a song while she was wrapping Christmas presents. And I kind of kept procrastinating and dawdling a little because I knew that everybody was outside and they were going to come in the back door and they were going to start parading through the kitchen any minute. And so, sure enough, they did and I told Mom, "Come one, we've got to flip the tablecloth down." And so she flipped the tablecloth down and nobody saw anything and they paraded through the kitchen. In my dream they didn't even have a Christmas tree up yet because something funny happened and she didn't get to put it up. So I don't remember, I think we were going to do something like that. And that was really all I can remember.