First of all I dreamt that I was in this classroom at Modern Media College that had desks in it, but everybody like moved to the front of the room and was listening to a lecture about something, I don't remember quite what. But I kind of, somebody told me that this was normally a Pro Tools lab, but it was going to be a lecture room for today. And we were having a lecture about Midi (?) and they were going to play us this sequence and solo out different parts, and have us listen to the way the different parts combine, and they did some of that. And -- oh, next thing I know, all of these people are at our house in Westport and we're, the instructor is there and everybody is there, and we're trying to build this same sequence and they have like a synthesizer, I guess. For this part when we were in our living room, it was this big stocky synth in the middle of our rug and everybody was all crowded around. And next when Mom and Dad walked in [part unhearable] and there was like a bunch of stuff, and they just basically did some cleaning up and all because all of us are really into what we're doing. Oh, and the next part is really good. I dreamt that it was time for me to be in lab, and so I was in lab. And Mom was there with me so that when I need to find something on the screen and I didn't know where it was, she would point it out to me. And when I work on the computer and Mom is there, I'm really lazy because there's something that I want to find, like a document or something and I open the folder and I say, "Okay, where is this?" and she points to it and I go right to it so I don't have to, because I could find it myself, but I just say, "Okay, where is this?" and she points to it and I go right to it and we go from there. So I dreamt that she was there doing that for me in lab, and it was really crazy because we had to go to the start menu and select various views or sections for various examples, and I was having a hard time selecting the right one. And each one had like something different on the desktop and then when I opened up the sequence program, she would help me find certain little things that I needed to find. I don't remember what program we were using, but I just remember being glad that she was there. And then after a while she went to sit in the back of the room, and chat away with the instructor just like she used to do when I was in middle school or high school sometimes. And then I woke up.