Dad and Mom and I were in a hotel for some reason, and we were on some kind of business trip that they had to take care of business, and I can't remember what. But I remember Mom was taking me to an airport and she was showing me how to get around in the airport. And she was gearing me up so that one day I could fly by myself, and in my dream they were like out on the tarmac, like out where the people never go. And I could hear the planes revving up and going around and stuff, and it made me really, really sad, I think because we couldn't go to Jackson this year or something. I always associate lots of fun awaiting me and her, and we fly away from Westport and we go to Jackson and we have a vacation. And I've always loved flying just because I've done it since I was a tiny baby. And the next little scene was that we were home from the hotel and for some reason or another I left my cell phone in the hotel room. Well, first of all, we had this garbage and laundry that we had to deal with, and I guess Dad wanted us to all do it in a very orderly kind of a way. I basically said, "Well, if you and I are going to do it, I'll do whatever you want, but if he's going to be out there, I'm not doing any of it." And before that little scene, I remember I saw a groundhog. It looked like a miniature squirrel with no tail, and I was studying it and it was coming out of a little hole, like they do. And I dropped in a little piece of my hair to see what it would do, and it nibbled at it a little bit and then kind of spit it out. [laugh] And I watched it come out of the hole and walk on all fours and go up this hill, and I was looking at it from there with my distance aid. I could get pictures with my distance aid as if it were a camera, and I took three pictures of it. I think while I was looking at the groundhog, I was hearing somebody playing major chords somewhere, but I don't know how or why. It was just sound that was there in my dream. And the last little scene before I woke up is that I was at this CC TV and it was over in the dining room and I was back in Westport, and I had tons of academic work to do, like I had a book report to do in Spanish. And I was looking over the vocabulary list that comes with it and I had all of this other like essays and stuff to do. And I remember feeling confident that I was just going to plough on through it because I was doing it myself. Maybe that came from the fact that I saw Spanish cleaning ladies at Modern Media College and I talked with them, and it made me think about all the vocabulary and stuff that I haven't thought about in a while, which is good, I guess.