It's evening time again. I don't know why I wait until evening to do these lately, I guess because I was pretty "bleah" this morning and I had a lot of stuff on my mind, and I guess I just didn't remember the dream very much this morning. And as I went on through the day, subtle things kept popping back to me -- things that I saw, things that heard -- and by the end of the day I put it together as a puzzle and only certain parts, though, are kind of clear. And so I'll tell what I remember. I dreamt that, well, first of all, there's several little things that are coming together here. This dream takes place in the area that is the shopping zoo that I cross every day to go to Modern Media College, basically the whole area between the AT&amp;T place and the Dollar Store. But in my dream around the U, instead of being stores, there were classrooms, and these classrooms were where we were going to have some of our classes. And the doors were white with clear glass panes up at like the chest level, and the arch just like all the doors that Westport High School had, you know, like my Spanish classroom and the door to the Little Theater and the door to this and the door to that. They were all like that. Well, that's how these doors were. And I had the notion that the material that was going to be taught in these classes was Modern Media College's material, but they were treating us like we were elementary school students, like, for example, when we went to lunch we had to walk in a straight line to go to the cafeteria. But other than that, they pretty much treated us like adults. There was this Spanish lady and this man and they were like team teaching, you know how in lab there are several people and they are all kind of teaching at once. And this class was going to be kind of like Song Craft, but instead of just knowing what the song was about and analyzing it, you had to actually perform something original. You could either stand up in front of the class and sing, or you could beat on the board or you could kind of clap your hands or something, but you had to go up there and do something. And so I was pretty kind of interested because there were these four boys, one of them had like a little, like a tiny like kids' toy drum set. I think one of them was going to play a trombone or something and three of them each had keyboards. And I think there was another one that was going to sing. And these people, I guess they were going to take their turn going up there and plugging into the sound system and getting everybody's attention or something. And they sent me to go and get something from across the U, and so they took their time fiddling around and I think they needed to wait for somebody to unlock the door, so I got on this chair that you roll around in, like a chair that you find in labs that you just roll around the room in, except this chair was orange. And I rolled this chair all the way across the U over to the other side, and I just sat there. And I sat there and I sat there and I sat there, and I didn't even remember what I had to go and get. And then I looked at the time and I was like, "Oh, my gosh!" and I had to zoom back. So I rolled my little orange chair across that parking as fast as I could to get to the other side of the U. And it turned out that everybody had already performed and I had totally missed all the performances because I dawdled too long. And all the guys with their instruments were walking out of the room. And I think I have to make a note here that the toy drum set was orange, and the three guys who had keyboard cases were orange too. Their cases were orange. And I was thinking, "Oh, man, that's just a bummer. I wish I could have heard these guys." And then I sort of faded into consciousness, gradually, as I was still seeing orange things. And then I realized it wasn't such a bummer because it was all just a stupid dream.