Something's screwy with this tape. I just got halfway through my whole spiel here and realized that this tape isn't even going. It stopped and it got held up on the ______ wagon, you know that rap song where they go, "Hold up." Well, that's what this is. Well, now I see that it's going again, so now I can start blabbing away again. Well, I guess this is take 2. It's my birthday. I'm going to party like it's my birthday. I really can't party like it's my birthday, but I wish I could. But I had an interesting dream last night that I still can remember a lot of the details. And so I figure I may as well just break open a new tape and start recording it. I dreamt that I was having classes back at Westport High School, but two of them were my Modern Media College classes and two were just "blah" General Ed classes. I think I dreamt that I had Audiotronics, Media and Signing, Spanish and PE, and I had Spanish with Mrs. Hanover, and I was there my first day and I had Spanish first period. And let's see. I was doing some kind of book work for her. I think I was doing like a test or something that was like four pages long, and I only got through the first page and a half of it, and the other people had to turn it in right away and she was real serious about it, but she said I could come in later and finish it. And when I left there, went to another class, I can't remember what it was, but I didn't have my printed schedule yet because the system was so screwed up and they weren't ready to give them out. So I had these other two classes that I kept missing because I didn't know what time they were being held and what time I was supposed to be there. So I thought I was going to call the school and say, "Hey, look, what's going on with this? I have two classes but I keep missing them." And then I realized that I lost my book bag and my purse and I was walking around and walking around campus. And the way the campus looked is that it had one building that looked a lot like a house because it had bedrooms up top and like a student lounge thing that I wandered into, and it had a TV and a pool table and a couch and things. But at the student lounge area I didn't notice right away, but there was this steep ramp down and I slid and tripped and ended up falling flat on my face. And I got up and sort of climbed my way back up. And then I went up the stairs and went into this bedroom, and there was nobody in there. I kept walking around and around these halls asking people if they'd seen my book bag, and then I went home and I realized that my book bag and my purse were both under the gardenia bush by our back window, our back door. So then I laid a towel down in the yard and I called Westport High School with my cell phone and I talked to Mrs. Lipp, and I was saying, "I've got these other two classes that I keep missing because I don't have my schedule yet. Can you please tell me what time they're going to meet?" And I woke up before she could tell me. That was crazy.