It's a very rainy morning. It's one of the worst weather days I've seen since I've been here. But it's summer time and we all know what happens in the summer time, so I should starting expecting it, I guess. Last night I had a dream that I was back in Westport and it was Easter time, but for some reason it was real cold outside, as though it were winter, and we had to put on jackets before we went outside. And I think either Mom or Dad -- no, it was some guy that was our neighbor -- wanted to take our pictures out there while I was home, and so we had to bundle all up and go out there. There was a swing out there that was built like Grammy's, where there weren't chains hanging from a tree; they were just hanging from a little, teensy metal thing at your head level. And, you know, they had gardens and flowers and stuff, and eggs hidden in various places, and I don't understand why it was so cold, but the scenery looked like spring. And we had a baby chick running around, a bunny running around, you know, like we used to have rabbits galore, except this rabbit was crazy. It was a live, running around rabbit, but you would pet it, like you would pet its head and it would say something. Or you would pet its back and it would say something. And I had the notion that they genetically engineered it like that, and I kind of thought that was so wrong. I thought rabbits are supposed to be rabbits in their own little right, their own little creature, and their body language should convey what they mean. And we shouldn't go messing with them like that. But that was like off the wall, man! And I know there was so more to this dream; let me think a minute. The only other thing I can remember is that I think Sandra showed up somewhere in this, and I had like a big, flat briefcase full of my school papers that I was showing to this neighbor. One other thing that I should note here: the rabbit that was whacko was a white one, and it was the size and weight and everything of just a regular bunny running around, that you get at the pet store. And the baby chick was yellow. I don't know if that means anything, but I've heard that colors are very significant, so I thought that I would include that.