I have got a 1:00 am MIDI lab tomorrow morning and I am supposed to be getting in the lab and going to sleep, and I think I'm heading in that direction. I didn't do any practicing tonight because I didn't want to get myself all keyed up (ha ha ha!) [laugh], but for some reason I'm all keyed up anyway. I did something boring. I read my Media and Society book with my eyes, not with App Reader on the CD Rom, so that I'd get really tired and really bored and I'd start going to sleep like I'm supposed to. But I don't know, stuff just started getting back into my head, and I started getting all excited, like I did. [laugh] I remember the goosey dream that I had last night. I dreamt that it was Christmas time again, of all things, and Mom and Dad were coming to visit me and I got a week off for Christmas in this dream. And they were going to bring me home, and I was in Sound Foundation class, and Erik, the _____ chorus director/ instructor decides that he's not going to give us a week off for Christmas. He decides he's going to extend our classes -- the Monday-Wednesday and Friday into the Christmas break week just because he thinks that we're like students that need like, we need to be punished for some reason. And that's what he did. And so in my dream I had to work out logistics of going to class, dealing with having a visit for Christmas and all, and in this one scenario I actually thought that I was going to leave class and walk to my apartment, which I do, but keep going until I got to Westport And then I was just going to meet everybody at home on the weekend. But then something changed and they were going to come to my apartment and pick me up. And so the scenario, the little scene that I remember the best is that I had a picnic lunch and I was sitting down on the curb in the parking lot and I was eating it. And I packed it all away, I took my shoes off and put them in my book bag, and it had just rained, so I was going to walk home barefoot and slop and splash in the all puddles like I still like to do. I hate getting my feet wet if I'm wearing any kind of shoes, but if I'm barefoot, I love to slop and splash in puddles. And as I was going through the first puddle, I woke up.