I've got a 1:00 am lab tonight, or tomorrow morning. I am supposed to be, I should have been asleep an hour ago, but I'm all keyed up for some reason again. I had a funny dream last night, and I should have recorded it this morning, but I was too sleepy and too lazy and I had to get to class. I laid in bed until the last minute. [laugh] So I didn't. And now, I ______________ read a wonderful story. Oh, it's a fairy tale story book story. [laugh] And I'm too bashful to really talk that much about it. And I've been laying here all this time thinking about it and how I need to write a song about it. And I just remembered this goofy dream I had last night, and I decided now would be a good time to record it. Okay, here's how it goes. I dreamt it was my birthday, which my birthday isn't too far away, so that's not surprising. And I dreamt that Mom and Dad went somewhere, and I was back at Westport in their house, and I had been on a walk with them and I came home early, and the neighbors stopped them or something and were talking to them. And I thought there were some birthday presents on the kitchen table, so for some reason or another, I climbed up on the kitchen stool over by the refrigerator and it turned into this like tall ladder. And there was this rafter beam that went the length of the kitchen, that really isn't there, but it was there in my dream. And I got on my hands and my knees and I crawled across that rafter beam, and then I kind of swung myself down off of it and put my feet on one of the kitchen chairs, because I thought if I would just walk, then I would leave footprints and then they would know I'd been over there. And it turned out there weren't any presents on the table. It was just a vase of flowers. And I didn't seem to mind that there weren't any presents though. I was just curious to know if there were any. Then I went upstairs and I was looking around for my MiniDisc recorder, because I had a feeling they were planning a party, and I couldn't find it. I had a feeling Mom like unpacked my bags and put all my stuff all over the stuff like hide and seek. And so then I started looking for this tape machine as an alternative, and I couldn't find it either, and I knew I had brought both of them when I came. Then all of a sudden there were these people downstairs, a bunch of our neighbors and friends that were all coming over and they were ready for a party, and we were going to have a birthday party with them. And it was a surprise party that they sort of sprung. And I looked really ______ around the house for either my MiniDisc recorder or my tape machine because I couldn't let this event go by. And I couldn't find them, and then like three minutes went by, and I decided, okay, I'd better give it up and go down and join the party and just let my memory do the recording. So I went down and by that time there were only like two people left. It's like everybody came, they shuffled through, they whooped and whooped and partied it up, and like three minutes later they were gone. And by the time I got downstairs there was no party; I had missed the party. And it was just Dad and these two people. And pretty soon the two people left too and it was just Mom and Dad and me. And for some reason I was sitting on the floor near the receiver in the living room and the CD player over there, and they were on, but there was nothing coming out of them. Dad was giving one of his long spiels about something again. I think it was about, hmmm, I can't even remember what it was about, but it was about something stupid, I think. And I was thinking how I really would want to be at a birthday party instead of sitting there listening to all that. And then I woke up.