I was at the park with Mom and Dad in Westport and I was coloring these dinosaurs. And I was mainly coloring a stegosaurus and I was going to make the body green and the spikes yellow. And I had the notion that it was going to be a design for a robot dinosaur and it was going to be mechanical. And I was also trying to do math problems. They were simple addition and subtraction problems that were six digits, four whole numbers and then two decimal places. And Mom said I should do these math problems so that I would be able to balance my checkbook better. And I kept doing mistakes, like I couldn't do my subtraction really well on the first one, and on the second one I subtracted the cents and added the dollars. [laugh] I don't think I've done that in a while actually. Then the next thing I was riding in a truck with Dad, and he was going to drop me off in another part of the park, a part where I could walk home from. And he was playing a tape. The truck radio in real life has a tape deck in it, but the tape deck has never ever, ever, ever been used. And I don't even dare put a tape in it because I'm afraid it'll eat it as those things do. Well, in my dream Dad was playing a tape in the truck and it was this instructional story tape of how to put digital robot dinosaur together that I was trying to do. And it had some really soft and sweet music on it, and it was really an interesting thing to listen to. And it sort of just had that soft sound appeal that I like. He dropped me off and I had my portable tape player. Actually it was a big heavy one from APH in the talking book library, and he gave me the tape out of the front of the unit, and he said, "No, here, wait a minute. Let me rewind it." So I sat there with the door open for a minute while he rewinded it, I mean he rewound it -- what am I saying? I'm tired, can you tell? Then I got out and I started walking towards the tree where I was going to sit down and listen to the tape, and then I realized that this tape player that I had needed batteries and I didn't have any. And then I woke up.