I don't know why I'm getting like this, but this morning when my alarm came on, I jumped up and I was kind of afraid that, I got real nervous because I thought I missed the lab. And it took me a minute to remember and sort out the confusion that Sunday night I got to sleep all night and this is Monday morning, and that Monday night was going to be my next lab. And I had to remember that Saturday night was my last one. I hope I don't do that next month if my labs are during the day. That's going to be crazy. But anyway, I had a dream last night that I had a class on the second floor of Modern Media College's building, which in Building 1 there aren't that many classrooms on the second floor. There's mainly administrative offices up there. But in my dream there was like classroom after classroom just like there is in a public school. And so I had a class up there and we were doing some kind of droop (?) work and all of a sudden we had a fire drill and it sounded like a high, shrill 1000 cicadas kind of alarm that you hear at the Media Center at Westport High School. And so there was this fire escape like type thing that was this metal stairway thing that led out the back way that we could go down. And it was so loud back there! I think I might have covered my ears, and it was still so loud, but not only was the alarm loud, there was some kind of water sprayer going on out there that was really loud. And then all of a sudden it all stopped, but there was like water at the bottom of the stairwell that would beep, and you had to swim across it to go to the little field area where you were supposed to stand. And I didn't really have a problem swimming; it was that the water smells and I didn't want to swim in the smelly water and get it all over me. So I got down in it and I went a little ways, and then I turned around because I decided that I didn't want to, and I was going to go back up the stairs and wait for people on the stairwell. All of a sudden all of these thorns started showing up on the railings and some even on the steps, so I figured, okay, I guess I'm, I waffled for a little bit, and I think I finally went over to this place where people stand. And then the whole class was gone. There was just one or two girls over there, and they were talking about how they made a pregnant Barbie or something, but they had to make a rap song along with it that proved its father was there somewhere. And they made a DVD about it too. [laugh] And that's when I woke up.