The night before last I also had kind of an interesting dream, that was kind of boring, I guess, but not really. I dreamt that Mom actually did come up here Sunday before my birthday, and the first little scene was we were kind of in my neighborhood here, I guess, somewhere where there's a big open field. There really isn't any, but I _______. That's funny. I don't know why I said that, but we were in my neighborhood here and there was a big open field and we were running in it, and we were kind of running and chasing each other, kind of like what we did in the park one day. And she was planning this surprise for me, and it turns out that her and Dad were taking me to this place where you could experience virtual reality, and it's like the big high whoo-whoo, or it's supposed to be anyway. And I got there and all it is, all the hype that it is, is that you sit down in a chair with an orange light and it kind of skates around the room a little and there's these sounds that play. And like about after ten minutes of that, everybody was like, "Wowowowow." I don't know. And then in the next little scene it's like totally out of context, but I was in that same place, but it looked like the MIDI lab at Modern Media College with fluorescent lights blasting on everybody, because in the MIDI lab they keep really dim lighting so that if you need to see your monitor ___________ and stuff. But in here the fluorescent lights were bright, and nobody had moved the monitor for me or anything, but I still had to do my assignment. And there was this man, this really prissy man in a tuxedo, sitting next to me with a tie, and I had to tell him everything that I wanted to do, and how I wanted to do it. And he would interface with the machine and do it for me. And on the one hand, that was a way I could work, but on the other hand, it pretty much took all the creativity out of it because you were working through a medium pretty much. I mean I guess here is that [sigh], I don't know, it's just not good when you've got to work through somebody else. And then Dad showed up and we went to this theme park, and I think it was Disneyland, but in my dream theme parks we don't really do that much. I think that I was on a roller coaster or something. And that's about all I can remember.