I was staying in a hotel room with Jill and I don't know if it was a hotel room or if it was an apartment that I was just staying and renting for a week. But we were there and I was going to do some kind of live sound gig thing and she was going to do some kind of business thing. And we were in this strange city that I'd never been in before, and I had the notion that we were kind of connected with a big group of people, but we just had this place to ourselves and the other people were going to catch up with us later. Each of us had all of our stuff. This was like a little pit stop that we made after graduation, before we moved back to where we were going to move back to. So here we are in this place. I think it was, I think it was a three-story place. Well yeah, it was a three-story place, but the rooms were tiny. The second story was nothing; it was just bleah. And the third story looked like Grammy's attic. Man, I haven't thought about that place for a while. And the first story kind of looked like our place here in Cedar Park. The second story was just an interim hallyway thing. So each of us had all of our stuff. I had all of my furniture and all of my sound equipment and all kinds of stuff, and so did she. And we were packing everything up in a trailer and I was going back to -- I can't remember if I was going back to Westport or if I was going over to Cedar Park here. But I was going to one of those places. The mixer and keyboard I had left at this place that we were staying at, in one of their little closets. I was so like stunned and shocked and disappointed that I left these things there, these really important things. I called the place right back and I said, "Did you find these things there?" and they said, "Yes, we did," and they were going to send them to me UPS. Well, they sent me this really big UPS box, but instead of those things that I had left, they sent me like tons of like soaps and candles and hair brushes and mirrors and all these things that I kind of had the notion that were mine, that I had also left there, that I didn't even know I left there. But I was really worried because I wasn't going to get those really important things back, I don't think. And then I woke up, and I was so, oh, I was so relieved.