First I dreamt that Mom and I were riding around these antsy parking lots on the bike and she went to Public to do some shopping, and she took some of Public's cards and was going to hand them out at the fruit stand. And Publics gave her three Easter baskets because of that. One was kind of a normal one, one was small, kind of like, and the other one was really small. And in the really small one there was a ducky and these four or five little clips that you clip bags together closed with, but she called them short-its, and when I thought these short-it things were, were things that you strip away some of the wire and you put this clip there, so that when somebody steps on it, it shorts out the circuit and goes, "Ahhhhhhhhh!" That's funny. And so we rode the bike home, happy because we had all these Easter baskets and all these presents we were going to send people. And we got home and the front door was wide open, and now we're talking about back in Westport and that's like a major crime there. And the chicken was around pecking at some bread that was really, really moldy, and there was a bunch of garbage laying around the yard. And Dad was so sad about the fact that there was so much garbage around the yard and the chicken had moldy bread, and that the house hadn't been swept in a week. And he was just so like in a blue funk, like he gets, except he was so down that he was questioning the quality of his life. And I said something to him, I think, and he just came back with some stupid comment, which he has been known to do that after Mom and Dad had had a falling out and I say something about going on and doing something else, he'll come back with some really stupid comment sometimes. [laugh] But anyway, in this dream I just went on about my business and I was sitting in the porch swing kind of talking to the bird, I guess, and then he came by and said, "You know, I think I know what would really make me happy. I would like to take a VCR to the park and watch an instructional video about adjusting brake alignment." And he said that there was something in an engine called the equalizer adjustment. And I had the notion that it didn't have to do with sound, but it had to do with the equalizing of how the parts lined up. But I thought it was strange that there was something termed like that in an engine, and so what would make him happy was to take a VCR to the park and watch a video about calibrating an engine basically. And so, now in real life, I don't think that would do the trick. I'll take a moment to tell a story here. In real life, when we were coming home from Janna's wedding, that trip was the most awful trip I can remember in my life, and Dad was laying in the back seat and Mom was driving, and I was sitting up front with her. And when we stopped at a rest stop to eat some picnic, he turned his back and wouldn't even touch any of the food or water that we were putting out, and when somebody came over to ask him about the car, he was like, "Yeah, thanks." And usually he's all excited and wanting to show them what's what, and wanting to ask them about the one they used to have. But this time he was like, "Yeah, thank you." So back to this dream. I think I said everything, and I think the reason why I'm thinking about, oh, I think the reason why I'm thinking about the word "equalizer" as being a part of an engine is because we had analog tape cal (?) lab last night, and it took me a while to understand that the tape EQ pot thing was really just an up or down boost for 10k only, and when you feed 10k through from the mil, you got to tweak the 10k thing so it'll be even all around, you know what I mean? That's all.