I was in Westport and we were going to go to the Night Parade or something. I had this really big over-sized storybook with like 20 point font in them, and they were all laying around the living room, and I don't remember why, but we were sitting in the living room talking about things that when the police are going by in the parade they would look for. And what kind of a red flag go up with FBI agents. One of the things that Dad said that he would find commonly in the department is that when somebody sends an SOX message, the police and the FBI would think they would mix it up with some other kind of message that would mean that they're getting ready to have a plot to blow something up or something. You know that an SOX message really is the start of exclusive ______. When somebody's sending SISEX messages, but apparently it had the certain number of zeros and ones that just matched up to something bad in this dream. And I don't know where that would come from, but then the next part of this dream, I was upstairs in the bathroom and I had a silver mixer. It was like shiny silver and the faders were g____ silver. It was just all silver and it had little LEDs on it that would come on when a certain channel was active. So I sat this silver mixer on one TV tray and I set up the keyboard on two more TV trays, and I think I had some kind of other, I think I set up the CD player on the floor and ran wires to it all. And I don't remember why I did that. I don't know how I was going to amplify it in the bathroom either, but I think Mom just wanted to see how it was set up. And then we were upstairs on the little landing area hallway, and that old CC TV was still over there, and I had this big over-sized storybook about The Night Before Christmas, I guess, and I was reading it there and Mom was reading it out loud, like as I moved the tray across and I chose a word, she would read them out loud. And Dad was coming up the stairs wondering what we were doing, and Mom was like, "We're reading a story about Santa Claus." And I was kind of embarrassed because this was the middle of the year and Night Parade time. And then I woke up.