I was going to Spain again, and I don't know how I was going to swing it, being a student here. I think I was taking a leave of absence or something. And I lived here, and in my dream the night before I was supposed to leave, I decided I was going to turn on my sound system and blast some classic rock kind of stuff. And I didn't think Jill was here; it was like 12:30 at night. And so I blasted it, and then five minutes later I realized that she might be here and she might be sleeping. Now this is all in my dream, you know. And so I turned it down, but I couldn't get it to go quiet enough, so I turned it off. And I laid back down and Jill came and knocked on my door and said, "Are you ready to wake up now?" And so they got me up again. I dreamt that she was going to Spain with me. So we packed, we kind of packed our stuff together, and then I guess Jill turns into Astrid somehow and I dreamt that Astrid was going with me. Maybe _____ there were these other people. And I dreamt that these different teachers were driving students to the airport. There was this big open field where we were standing waiting to go, and I was pretty sad about leaving for some reason. I was kind of excited and sad at the same time, but I was telling Dad how the last time I was gone, one month kind of felt like two years, and I was saying how I was going to be sad about not hearing any English for a while. And I don't know, he said something like, I don't know, something in _____ forgot what it was now. And so me and these three other people piled into Mrs. Hollander's car. I was in the front, Astrid and two 10-year-old boys were in the back, even though this was supposed to be high school students. I don't know how me and two 10-year-olds got to go, but it was something. And we started driving down the road, down these rural country roads, looking at this rural scenery on the way to the airport. And she said, "What radio station do you guys like to listen to?" And I like ________. This 10-year-old boy said that there was one called "Blah" and [laugh] it was just sort of like a version of 93.3 in Westport where they talk a lot, so we listened to that for a while. And then she flipped over to something on am for a while. And then we were at this rest stop, and so we're still on the way to the airport, we're at a rest stop, though. And I have a handful of money. I have some American quarters, two American dimes, two American pennies and two 200 poseida (?) coins. Boy, I'm wasting tape here; oh well. And I'm standing at this rest stop and everybody's kind of going and doing their thing. And the 10-year-old boy suddenly turns into a 16-year-old and he gets out of Mrs. Hollander's car and Mrs. Hollander gives him a coupon for beer, but she says, "Now you must come back with non-alcoholic beer." And I'm standing there and everybody's running off and I feel kind of sad still, and Mom shows up at this rest stop. And I'm standing there and I'm kind of leaning on her, like I do, and telling her all about how I feel and stuff. And she's kind of there like saying goodbye, and then she said, "Hey, come on. Come with me because I need to surprise you." When we were at the place where the cars and the buses pull in, there's like a busy road, and on this busy road there's this place for walkers. It's like a revolving door, but it's not. It's like a track, a people mover that's only very, very narrow that you have to step on, and it curves you around across the street in kind of a curved shape, and it's supposed to keep you from getting hit by cars when you cross the street. And it had this thing between the place where the vehicles in and all of the like drink stands and stuff at the restaurant. So Mom says, "Hey, come with me." And she thinks she's going to cheer me up by taking me over to this drink stand and buying me a Slurpy. And actually I was going to buy it with my 200 poseida (?) coin, but we were still in America. I don't understand that. So she hurried across this thing and she forgot that I can't jump on this thing without somebody helping me. It's like, whenever I get on a boat, I always have to have somebody take my hands and kind of make sure I don't step in the water, instead of, you know, it's a thing about depth perception. And so I'm standing there and I'm standing there and I'm waving my hand and yelling for help, for somebody to help me get across this thing so that we'd still have some time to drink our Slurpy before we had to get on the road. And I drop my 200 poseida coins in the mulch and I'm waving my hands and yelling for somebody to help me, and this nice boy who was getting off the thing helps me get on it, like takes my two hands and helps me step the right distance, and he even picks up my 200 poseida coins and gives them back to me. As I jump on this thing and I almost fell backwards, and I grab the person in front of me's shoulders just so that I could keep my balance and not fall off. And I'm on this thing and I'm almost to the Slurpy stand, and then I woke up.