As you can tell, I feel awful today. I don't know what's going on with my body, but Dad was real sick a few days ago and I think he passed it right along to me. But also I don't feel good because I was almost sure that yesterday was going to be my party, and, of course, they didn't have my party yesterday. And so I had two dreams last night. The first dream I have a faint recollection of being in the living room with Mom. Get this: there was still a Christmas tree in there, and there was a coffee table where we put it when we put the Christmas tree. And I was wrapping these dumb little presents for myself with Mom and this paper with roses on it and stuff. There was like a little cheap toy watch and some hair bows and things, and a CD or something that I was wrapping for myself. And Mom had a box about the size of a shoebox that she was wrapping up, that she didn't want me to see. And I felt like it was going to be something a little bit better, but I didn't think it was going to be all that great. And so then we were putting these presents like under the Christmas tree, and still in my dream I didn't know when my party was going to be. And I'm walking around the house doing other things, and I kept checking behind the blue chair to see if maybe there were extra presents back there. And I kept waiting and looking all around the living room for a long box, and I didn't see it and I didn't see it, and I was waiting for this long box to appear. And I was so sure that it would and it didn't. And then I woke up. It was like 5:00 in the morning. I think I went pee or something and then I went back to sleep. It was freezing cold. This is going to be the coldest birthday I've ever had. And I dreamt that I was riding the bike with Mom in the dark and I had no pants on. And we go into this restaurant, like a pizzeria. It looks like CC's Pizza, like we went to before my job interview. And we were walking around and I had no pants on and I was real self-conscious and there were all these girls all around. And then I realized that this was going to be strip joints and that people were going to think I was a prostitute because I had no pants on. And then I think we rode around town a little bit more. Mom had some other place she wanted to take me. Oh, I knew there was some more to this. I think there was this really strange book on the dining room table with a red cover. And it was about musical instruments. It wasn't about the art of being a slut or anything. But somehow I had the notion that it was this really weird book about instruments that sane people wouldn't want to read. And then I woke up.