I had an off-the-wall dream last night, and I didn't remember it until I was in the middle of class today. Isn't that funny? I think somebody said something or did something and it just all came back to me. I dreamt that I was back at Westport High School taking PE with Mrs. Swenson again, and she was a real cool, relaxed, laid back kind of person. Well, both of them were -- Mr. Jameson was mean to everybody else but nice to me for some reason, maybe because I was nice to him from the start. I don't know. But I dreamt that I was back with Mrs. Swenson and there was a gate at the back of the tennis court leading to the track that was one of those crazy emergency exit doors with the stupid alarm things, except the alarm wasn't just at the door; it triggered the whole fire alarm system for the whole school. And there were two of these doors, one at each end of the tennis court. These things had sound things on the fence that were really loud, and the one was loud. It was, I think somebody said it was like 100 db, and the other one was like 130 db. And, let me think, so the school was going to have a fire drill. I think they had to do it like twice a month instead of just once a month like standard is for Pen______ County Schools, but they couldn't just do it once [laugh], they had to do it one time when they opened the one door and another time when they opened the other door, so they had to do it twice, one hour apart. And so instead of going to the panel in the office and making the alarm go off, they just opened that door, and Mrs. Swenson had to have us doing jumping jacks as we walked through that door to out to the track where we were supposed to stand until they gave us the all-clear. We were supposed to either do jumping jacks or _______ lift things or twist or arm circles or some kind of aerobic exercise as we were marching out that door. And it was really tough because I'm an audio engineer and going right past all that loud business is not good. So Mrs. Swenson gave me two huge mike pop filter-like type things, one to put on each side of my head, kind of to cover over my ears, but more like on top of my head, sort of like. And she said they would filter out most of the high frequencies as well as cut the volume considerably, because -- according to her in my dream -- the high frequencies pierced through the air the most and wrecked your hearing the fastest. And I think some of this came from the Rupert Meade (?) tape that we saw about a fundamental sound with harmonics, and I started thinking about that terrible, awful alarm in the Westport High School Building 3 and how it's got that kind of buzzy harmonic thing going on in it, and I think that might be where this came from. So I put these things on the sides of my head and they opened the door, and it really did cut down on the volume and I did jumping jacks out that door, just like everybody else did. And then I woke up.