I was still living with Jill. We were in this house that was sort of a combination of your typical modern house, our house and my apartment, and our families were there. And Jill and I really got on each other's nerves, but our families seemed to not mind each other at all. The scene that I can remember is that I was in the bathtub washing up my feet and stuff, and I was totally naked, and Jill wanted to use the bathtub when I was done. And I asked her, "Do you want me to let the water out of the tub and put new water in for you, or do you want to wash in the same water as me?" And she's like, "Oh, Jasmine, nobody washes in any kind of water that anybody else washed in." So I figured, okay, so I let the water out and there were a whole bunch of people in the bathroom watching me. And I swished it down the drain with my feet, and Mom carried me, wrapped me in a towel, and she carried me right from the bathroom right out to her bike. And I was wrapped in a towel, and Dad had his bike. And Mom rode me in the basket of her bike, just like we used to, and they said, "We've got a surprise for you." And I'm like, "Well, you can't take me anywhere if I'm not dressed." But we were riding down the street and we came to this place that was called Discovery Track. It really sounds familiar, but I'm not really sure if it's a real place or not. We got off the bike, and I was dragging some kind of a cart behind me for a minute, and we were walking along this narrow brick road thing, and everywhere we looked there were model classic cars. There was an old fire truck, a really old white pick-up truck, a couple of Corvettes, some black car with the booshy front, around in front, and there was a twin of our car, and there were two Cadillacs parked in a garage, and there was also like a, oh, I don't know, a spinning ride thing off in the corner. And I got the feeling that this whole thing was like an amusement park ride, where you would sit in one of these old cars and somebody else would drive it or it would drive itself kind of around and around and around this race track. And you'd get a little ride and you'd say, "Oh whoopee, I rode in an old car," and then you'd get out. [laugh] Look, I had a feeling there was going to be something more to it for me because I was special, and so they were taking me off to see this little movie in a little garage-like type thing, and then I woke up.