The birthday drama is building, and I had a dream to support it last night. I think it started out that Josie and two of her friends were in town and were staying in the room where Samantha and Sandra used to sleep, and the twin beds were still there. And they had this whole thing of jewelry, this whole like store display plaque shelf type thing that was about three feet high with everything under the sun dangling off of it. And they said I could borrow anything I wanted while they were here, and it was at the foot of the bed on this trunk like Sandra had. And so I took off a bracelet that was silver with stars on it, and I went around the house cleaning up various things. And I think I was out in the front yard, and a UPS man came by to deliver something, and he said I was getting a Nord Electro for my birthday. And he took this tall, long box off of his truck, kind of wide, but coming up to my chest level, and it was so heavy, he helped me get it onto the porch. And I was thinking, "Yahoo! My dream is finally coming true, finally getting something like this for my birthday." But then it started to get tall and skinny, and it started to kind of shrink, and the box had an open front so that I could look into the box and I could touch the thing. And it was this tall, skinny baby toy-like type thing. It was still bright red, but, I mean, it was nothing like a professional thing that a Nord Electro really is. And I was thinking, "What?! You mean to tell me this is my present?" And by that time it was small enough and light enough that I could pick it up and just put the whole thing behind the blue chair in the living room and just pretend that I'd never even seen it. And then the next little scene was brief and fleeting, but I dreamt that I was in Jim's living room and he had a class of maybe ten or twelve, maybe even fifteen other students and me. His living room was a little bigger to accommodate us, and his instruments were spread out a little more. And we were at tables that looked like cafeteria tables, and I was in the very back. Well anyway, I remember he was passing around little worksheets for us and going into detail about explaining theory and stuff, not necessarily having us do anything hands-on. And he was having to stop and get everybody back on track and kind of discipline the talkers and stuff, just like Mr. Hanover would have to do. And after a little bit of that, I woke up. I think that scene came from the fact, flipping through the Thompson's First Grade Book, I see little quizzes and things and little things that are geared toward keeping students on track, and I can see how the unimpassioned student would get bored real fast. But, of course, I see all that as a means to an end.