Okay, let's see. Yeah, it's March 13, 2006. I started taking all of these massive tapes -- I have like a whole box full of these tapes in my closet, and I started taking them one by one, recording them to Cool Edit Pro, editing a few "ums" here and there, giving it some more amplitude gain to just kick it in the butt, and then saving it as an mp3 file and meticulously, methodically giving it a very specific file name like the date plus something else. And so when I go to start this tape, I'm thinking to myself, "Okay, what did I leave off on? What file name did I give my last one?" Oh no, I'm not supposed to be doing that, I'm supposed to be saying what today's date is. Well anyway, that was a waste of tape. I had a dream last night that there was some kind of tiff going on with Mom and Dad and Mom was going to take me to some place to kind of get out of the house, and she said it was a surprise. And we walked and we walked to this place that sort of looked like a pizzeria called Langman and Dingeys (?) that we used to go to a lot on 4th Street, but it's since closed. And we were having Coke and these little potato chicken nugget things, and we were going down the line getting them off this buffet. And then the scene shifted and I was leaving this pizzeria without Mom, and I crossed the street, I jay-walked like we do. And I went into this museum. I can't remember if I had a cane or not, but I don't think I did. And I was looking for something in particular in there, but I had a feeling there was going to be this class in there about some kind of history or something. And this boy -- probably about 16 or 17 -- I don't know his name, but he was real nice -- he was going to be a student in this class too, and he was asking me to sit in on this class. And I said, "Yeah, sure, I will." And so he took my arm, he didn't give me his, but he sort of grabbed my upper arm like Mom does when she's crossing me across the street or something, and started leading me down this hallway. It was a white, it started off with carpet on the floor, but then it was white. And it was this little incline. It sort of went up and then it went down, and there were all these little offices to our left and to our right, and I was looking in windows and I saw these flat surfaces in there and I said, "Are those mixing consoles or just office desks?" And he said, "There are both in there." And I was like, "Wowee!" And by this time an instructor, probably in his 40's and I think two other boys and three other girls, joined us and we were all going to this little room that was going to have this class. And we finally got there, and it's this small, stuffy little room with a table and a bunch of cleaning supplies and stuff next to it. It kind of reminded me of the room at Oceanside Elementary's library where Ms. Garland and I used to work with the CC TV and stuff when she would see me. And I was thinking back to the library room at Oceanside Elementary and how they had a fire extinguisher on the wall that I thought was really an alarm or something, and they had one of these weird exit doors, which this room in my dream did, except this room in my dream had a double door like Westport High School's Media Center did. And the instructor sat us down at the table and said, "Okay, we need to do a fire alarm because it's in my curriculum and I have to do it once a month." Now why I keep having bad dreams about schools and fire drills is beyond me. I think that's like long past, that's like water under the bridge. I don't know why I keep having dreams about that, but anyway he just opened the door matter-of-factly. He opened both doors actually and put the stopper things down, and an alarm sounded, but only a few of them sounded, far off in the distance, you know how that goes? And so I was like, "Okay, this is not too bad of a deal," and we all walked out and we all went to this bus lane thing, you know how we always do. And we came back in through the front door when it was all over, and we walked down a little hallway ramp thing all together, past the offices, into this little room thing. And he said, "Sorry, folks, but I have to do it again." [laugh] And he said, he was saying that somebody had redone the wiring because apparently before one of the alarm boxes was very unreliable and it would just set off the alarm system if anybody just breathed wrong. [laugh] And he said that he wanted this history class to be an exciting and interesting thing, but some of the students were afraid and unwilling to go in this room because of that factor. And so he had them redo the wiring, and apparently we had to do this again to make sure that the wiring was kosher and all. So this time he opened both doors matter-of-factly again. Oh man, it was horrible. So we ran out of the room and we went to the middle of this bus lane like you have to do, then we went back in the front way and we were going into the room again, and we said, "Okay, now we can sit down and have our little class." And then I woke up.