I've been having some really weird dreams lately, but I've been really lazy about recording them. I notice that I'm also starting to write in my journal less and less, and I really have no excuse because I don't have a job yet. I'm just surfing the net all the time, either that or I'm just practicing. Anyway, last night I had kind of a vague dream that there was a man with two big dogs in front of Pete's house. They were totally black on top and their legs and their stomachs and their faces were tan. And they were growling at me. And one came real close to taking a big bite out of my chin. And the guy said that -- I can't remember what we did to calm him down, but the guy said that there was a trick to it, that I think they didn't mean any harm, but they were just hungry or something dumb like that. But I think the one actually did bite me after a while, and I was running away, trying to get away from him, and I ran down the alley into our back yard and Eloise showed up. And apparently she needed something too. She needed a new collar or something, and I got the feeling like she was thirsty. And she came up and just laid on my shoulder and kind of licked me, like she does to Cassandra. And I thought that was sweet, and I held her and petted her, and then I sort of woke up. And let's see, last night I had a dream that I was back at Westport High School, but that I was staying with Jill and this other girl she knew. I think this other girl was acting kind of like Courtney and Susan into one person. And Rianne ditched me for a roommate and this other girl took her place, that used to room with Jill, I guess. And so Jill had somebody else that was with her that was rooming with her. [laugh] Well, we were out in the bus circle at Bancroft Middle School, but the inside looked like Westport High School. And Jill knocked me down on the ground and took off my clothes, so I was running around buck naked. And I was wearing a really pretty orange dress, and Jill just knocked me down and took it off off me. And she put it on. And she was walking around school in this orange dress that was mine, and I was walking around naked. [laugh] And we were doing into this auditorium, I thought, and I had the feeling like it was okay to go to class naked, but it wasn't going to be okay to go to this party naked that we were going to go to. And so we're sitting in this auditorium waiting for this concert or play to begin, and we're right in the front row. And I'm naked and Jill is in my pretty orange dress, and the other two girls were in sloppy clothes. And then I woke up. [laugh] That was funny.