I had a lot of catching up to do, and I cannot believe how much I just whizzed through this tape. I must be the master at wasting it. Well, anyway, last night I had a dream that I was watching Celine Dion on DVD for some reason again. I hadn't dreamt about Celine for a long time, and then she showed up again last night. I can't remember what she was singing, but I know she was singing something that I didn't know. I had the feeling like she might have sung two or three songs that I almost knew and then some that I just didn't. And she was in a red outfit, but it was more conservative than the one she wears for the Las Vegas show. And I don't remember what the other outfit was; I think the other one was all black. And it was supposed to be the Las Vegas show, I think, but there was this grayish background, and I think that was just sort of a transient dream that just sort of happened. Oh, and earlier this week I had a long epic dream with many dumb, little scenes in it, and I don't remember any of them now, of course. But one of the scenes I do remember was that Mom and I were at the Oceanside Park, the place where you go before you come to the beach. And she was riding her bike and I was walking, and I had the feeling like we were coming home from the pier, because we had just been there. And I was ahead of her, and she was riding her bike trying to catch up to me. And I decided I was going to walk back to her on the bike, I mean walk back to her and her bike, and so that I could walk alongside her and talk and stuff like that. So I'm going back to her and all of a sudden a couple of sprinklers turn on and they're spraying right at the sidewalk like the ones at Modern Media College used to do. And I decided, "Whoops -- I don't think I could go that way." And I was really afraid of these sprinklers in my dream. And so I turned around and kept going my own way, and I was going along my own way and going along and saying, "Okay, she's just going to have to go through the sprinklers and get wet." And so I'm a ways down the road, and then all of a sudden all the sprinklers turn on and they're all spraying right at the sidewalk and they're in the grass too. There's more in the grass spraying all over the grass. So it's sprinkle city as far as I can see, and this park as far as I can see, which probably isn't that far. But anyway, I'm standing there surrounded by sprinklers, getting soaking wet, and yelling for help, except I can't really yell. You know how it is in a dream. And then I find a little place where there's an intersection of a sidewalk where I can stand right in the middle of the intersection and not get too wet, but I'm still surrounded by all these sprinklers and I'm scared to death for whatever reason it is. And eventually Mom comes on the bike and her big back basket is as big as her front basket, and she puts me in her back basket and rides off, and I'm not getting wet any more once I'm on the bike, and I'm not even really afraid of the sprinklers any more. And then I faded into some other stupid thing. I thought this was just something dumb that occurred in my mind, but when I told Mom about it, she said that the sprinklers represent the circumstances of my life right now, I think, because I feel like I'm being surrounded and sort of led astray to some degree by going back to school, and I'm being kind of wrestled down and -- what should I say? -- closed in and trapped by all of that stuff. And I kind of tend to agree, I think. And, you know, she always tries to rescue me from bad emotional situations. So I guess that's what that is.