We were at a stadium watching the Super Bowl in another city. From their like big screen-like type thing. We were in a VIP box, and so we brought our receiver and a few things to do the audio support. And somewhere in this plot I was heading for Centerville the next day, and I was getting calls from Frieda Thurston and Laura from my bus, and people I used to know, Marilyn and Noelle and I think Samantha. Samantha, Sandra and Derek were there too again. And what a lot of this line I was thinking about how I am going to Centerville, but I have no clue what I'm going to do over there. I'm not going back to Modern Media College. I'm not even going to have a job in the audio industry. I'm going to leave Duane and Janelle. I'm going to get up and move, but what am I going to do when I get over there? So I was letting that thought go through my mind, and, you know, the Super Bowl and all this starting and this and that, and then the audio was kind of low because I was on the phone. And in this VIP box we had a Christmas tree and a couple of little Christmas village things underneath it, I guess because it was that time of year, right after Christmas. And so Mom was talking a little about putting in the CD ______ and I said I would do it in a few minutes. And so, get this: in the back of the VIP box across the hall there was this gift shop with fancy bowls and fancy cups full of glitter that they were selling. Everybody's sound equipment was staged in there and wired up so that it could work. And I asked Mom to turn up the volume on our receiver because Eva Cassidy was starting to sing "Imagine." And she went in the gift shop, but instead of turning up the volume, she changed the input selection. And then she was all confused and I said, "________ they were the gift shop." Anyway, I came through the door of the gift shop and I asked Mom, "Where is our receiver? I don't know where it is. If you show me where it is, I'll take care of it." So she does like she does when I'm trying to find something in the refrigerator. She leads me to the general area, she says, "It's in the middle," and then she runs away. And I'm looking around this little area she pointed me to, there's lots of glittery bowls and cups that are plastic, there's somebody else's receiver, there's a bunch of t-shirts and stuff, but I can't find ours. And it's like that was very frustrating. 