I'm doing this in the evening, which is a little backwards. I should have done this in the morning, but I was just too groggy so it wasn't an option. And then I was busy, busy, busy, busy all day. So last night I finally had a dream that I remember in some detail. I've been having some pretty colorful dreams lately, but when I wake up, I just feel that either a) I can't remember half of what happened, or b) it was too stupid to really take note of. And when I say that, I mean that it was just too boring and nothing really interesting or weird or mind-catching or anything. So this one is kind of a little uninteresting, but at least I remember some details. There were like two parts to it. First Mom and I were riding on the book to the waterfront, kind of along the way that I walk, except we were going a lot further to the beach or the ____ plant, which you can do on a bike. And it was supposed to be a her and me thing, and we were going to bring a boombox and we were going to have a lot of fun, and we were going to go by and get some fried chicken or something and just have a party. And we were going to swim and something like that. But Dad came along, and it was still sort of okay, but we couldn't do a lot of the things that we planned to do and it was just sort of kind of like medium fun, or low-medium fun. And it was okay, and we were all pretending, you know, like we usually do, playing our usual head games like we usually do. And at some point, actually the way this unfolded, Mom and I were riding our bikes first and Dad caught up with us once we reached the waterfront. But before we reached the waterfront, we were going across 4th Street and just as we were entering the intersection, a fire truck and an ambulance and two other things went by and they had their loud sirens going, and I took my hands off the handlebars and covered my ears, and Mom turned the bike around and tried to ride away as fast as she could. We still couldn't get too far away from them, but it was just kind of a little bit of a scare. And then we went across 4th Street and then we met up with Dad and we were having our picnic, and next thing I know, we were with Samantha, Sandra and Derek, and we were all sitting around talking about things we want to do, and we were at the Green ______. And we were supposed to go to the mall and it was already afternoon, and we were supposed to go to the mall in the evening time. And again, I thought it would be a whole lot more fun if it was just Mom and the kids and I. And, but Dad came along, or he was going to come along, and I was thinking, "Oh boy, this is not going to be fun." I mean, it's just like how are we going to shop and go to the mall and stuff with him tagging along and wanting us to hurry up and stuff like that? And so before I woke up, we were all piling into the car, and I was wrapping up the blanket and I was packing up stuff, and there was this dog that we were trying to corral and get to come with us. And then I woke up.