It's late at night again. I am a bad procrastinator. Last night I had a dream, a really, really weird dream, that I was back at Westport High School again, I was in the Little Theater, the small theater where Mrs. Dougherty and her chorus used to rehearse, and there was a big acoustic grand piano on stage with a dark finish. But it had this electrical switch wired to the wooden ledge above the keys, and the reason why this existed like this is so that the performer could sit on stage and warm up and get ready to perform, and then he wouldn't have to get up for anything. He could just flip this switch on the ledge there and the curtains would open and the lights would dim and he wouldn't have to move. And he could just address his audience. But the only thing was that something weird, something wasn't wired right with this wiring, and so instead of the curtains opening and the lights dimming, the fire alarm would go off. And so the theater is kind of empty when I'm in there and it's starting to fill up gradually and I'm waiting for this concert and I'm really getting excited about this concert that they're going to do. And I was with a girl, a friend named Alicia, and she was sitting a few rows back and I got to see her when she was a year younger than me. I was still in high school, I guess, in this dream. And then I heard the people in neighboring seats chattering to me about how this wiring might not be so great anyway, and so it's time for him to perform, it's time for the pianist to come out and perform. And I'm like so afraid because of this, because I think the alarm is going to sound when he wants to dim the lights or something. And so, sure enough, that's what happened, but I didn't hear any alarm sounds in the Little Theater. It was like outside, outside in the hallways. But I'm so afraid that I'm yelling for Alicia to come. And I got up and I ran down the aisle and Alicia ran after me and we ran outside before the rest of the school alarms went off. Now I wonder where in the world all of this is coming from. I think the part about being back at Westport High School and stuff is the fact that I've been going through and putting all of my other dreams into mp3 files and Audio Audition, and, you know, I've been hearing my voice evolve sort of, and, you know, I've had lots of dreams about Westport High School and fire drills and stuff, and I think that might just be coming back to me. And, of course, Jim had me practice on his big acoustic one yesterday, so I had that exposure. But I can't help thinking there's a little more to do this, and it's sad. But that's the gist of it.