Was pretty long and involved. I dreamt that Mom and Dad were home and it was this time of year, the height of summer, all the usual, blah, blah, blah. And we were playing this family picnic in the park, you know. I like being in the outdoors and all, but I'm just at a stage in my life where if I have to have another family picnic, I'm going to scream. [laugh] Well, for some reason I love when Mom and I take picnics and go buy ______ and get a little thing or when we pack something and we go someplace. But just doing the whole family thing is just, if I have to do another family picnic, I'm going to scream. [laugh] So this dream was, it was like, you know, we were supposed to celebrate Father's Day and do this family picnic thing, and Mom was trying to convince me that I should come. And we were supposed to go to the park and just sit and read the paper for like 8 hours, and I was like, "Oh, my gosh, that is so going to put me out of my mind." And for some reason Terri was supposed to come with us, and, you know, she asked Mom, well gee, this didn't have anything to do with music because, you know, Terri kind of doesn't like the concert things that we go to. And she said, "No, we're just going to go to the park," and so was like, "Oh well, with me and my ______" kind of thing like she does. And I don't remember if it was her or somebody who told me that there would be something going on downtown that I would like. I don't even remember what it was. It was some kind of like shop or something. Maybe it was a festival in the park or something. But in my dream I was going to start walking, and I was going to make it down there. And it wasn't the usual, typical way that we go downtown, we go B Street south to downtown. But in this dream I kind of went a little east and mostly north. The numbers were all mixed up in my dream and weren't what they really are. But the location that I started out in was 5th Street going north, and I was going to cross on 30th Avenue, and like, you know, across 30th Avenue is like a totally unknown ______. I mean, I know when I'm at 7th and 8th Street and I cross over to 30th Avenue on my way to _______, but I've never really been across 30th Avenue at 5th Street, and so they were called all kinds of different numbers in my dream, but that's what they were. And I got to this place that kind of was a little like downtown Westport, but it was rougher than downtown Westport I don't know how it really is, but I could see downtown Westport as being quite laid back and easy-going and having a lot of art and culture in it, and not having a lot of rough and crime and stuff. That's all in mid-town. But in my dream, mid-town was downtown. And I was walking along this storefront strip mall thing, and there was like a Shnip Shop (?) thing and I had the notion that somebody had stolen the cassette tape that was shrink-wrapped. Two boys on bikes, and they were kind of like -- I don't want to say harassing, but that's kind of what they were doing in a subtle way. They were kind of like asking me question and talking to me, trying to be friends, but I knew they were up to no good. They said, "Here, I've got something for you," and they gave me this tape that I knew they stole. And just then this police car went by, and it didn't stop; it just went by. And then there was somebody riding a bike, and I took this tape that was stolen and I tossed it into their basket and I made it as they were going by. And so now it was on their hands. When I saw the cop car going by, I was thinking that I would say, "Look, somebody gave me this tape and I think it was stolen," but it didn't really stop, so I couldn't do that. And then Mom was with me suddenly somehow, and we were going in this art gallery. And we were walking around looking at pots and things, and there was a piano. I thought, "Oh, I can go over and play the piano," and the people ______________ and I just felt like they weren't going to tell me off. And it was a grand piano with the small lid folded back, but the big lid wasn't raised. And I was trying to, I remember I didn't really touch the keys, but I played something that was kind of nice. And then I was trying and trying to play "Hero" and I couldn't really play it. Sometimes in dreams when I dream about playing, it's as if I have this score in front of me laying down and my fingers are punching the staff and trying to move on the staff instead of moving on the keyboard, and that's how it was when I was trying to play "Hero." I was at a desk; I wasn't even at the piano any more. And then I woke up and I realized it was all a dream.