Let's see, first I was doing something at school. And I don't know what it was, but I was with a group of other students, like some of the ones from the organ group and we were going into a place that was like the Bancroft Middle School gym and they said that there was going to be a Celine Dion concert, and that they were going to take pictures and do a sound check and everything, and they were going to let us in ahead of time. And so I was with Johanna and she took me right down in front, and we were sitting and waiting for the concert to start. This gym had a dome, like the ________ dome, and it was all blue. And then when the concert started, they would project different images on it and stuff. And it seemed like they were taking forever to get things together. And I really didn't hear anything at the sound test, I didn't see any behind-the-scenes things. There were two or three clowns dancing around and acting crazy, and a person behind the stage doing the sound test. It was really just other people doing really boring stuff, like a typical sound test would be. And so I was talking to Johanna but I was digging in my purse and I was getting my new monocular and I was starting my recorder, and I was trying to use my cell phone to call home to tell Mom where I was and what I was doing. I felt like we were close to home, and I had to meet up with her later that night to do something. And every time, I found out the hard way why they tell you not to use cell phones because when I would use my cell phone and talk, the sound would somehow weaken the PA so you couldn't hear it like in the concert hall, so like everybody could hear what I was saying. I was so embarrassed. But then the concert was about to start and everybody was parading around on the first song It was like a Prince song. I couldn't hardly hear that well, even though we were right down front. And she was wearing that metal like top that you see in the Taking Chances tour video. And then I woke up and I was like, I moved on, I didn't wake up, but I moved on to the next scene. I needed to connect with Mom because I was having an organ recital that evening at the Palladium. It was going to be, I thought it was going to be just me for a whole hour, but as it turned out, it was me and this other boy that I met on our trip that was going to do the finale. And I was thinking to myself, "Do I know enough repertoire to fill up a half an hour?" And are my silly, diddly little choral preludes going to be enough to satisfy them, or are they going to want big honking, loud and like Widor stuff? And I didn't even know the organ, and it was like the night of the show. And Mom took me there, and we got there like about 7:00 and I was supposed to play at 8:00. And _________. There was a bedroom in there for artists to stay in. It was like a hotel room that was backstage. And there was this, I don't know why, but I was laying down in this bed, waiting for somebody to roll the organ out. And I was laying in bed and there was like a pedal board attached to the foot board and I was trying to practice one of my pieces with my hands in the air. And I was like, "This is like so not working!"  And then I was going up the stage to the organ to get settled, and I was thinking, "God, I have like no time to like a) practice my piece to get the feel of the action and b) settle my stops and my pistons and everything." And I didn't even know if we were allowed to set pistons. And I just put on something that sounded kind of cheesey like an 8 foot and a 2 foot flute stop, and then just a regular diapason 8 foot on the Great. And I was practicing, it wasn't really anything actually that I know, it was just something. And then this other boy came up, and it was like 7:30 by that time and it was time for him to play his piece. And I was really worried about how it was going to go, but I just figured what the heck. I mean, I'm just gona' have to wing it. And then he seemed kind of nice, like he's going to help me set the pistons. And then I woke up.