I was at the farm cottage, I was up in Jackson. But it was on this acre or two, I mean instead of being in the middle of absolute nowhere, it was on this acre or two property, and we had a gravel, stone driveway like Grammy had. And it even had wooden things in the gravel, almost like a wooden boardwalk up to the house. . Anyway, we lived in a little community, kind of almost like one of those subdivision things, and all of the properties kind of looked like this. And they were spaced out more than subdivisions usually are. And I didn't even get the feeling like we were in Jackson all the time. It felt like a warmer climate. And so basically, we were milling around and doing different things. The inside looked quite a bit like our house. Let's see, click, I can't remember any real action in this, but at some time, I felt like we were riding around in the truck, around different places, and other times we were walking. And everybody was getting along pretty well, but I just felt that we were all too close together, you know, I'm used to having lots of space, and here, everybody was practically on top of me all the time, just like it was when we were at the farm. But yet the land was so beautiful and I was so happy to just have a break from everything. I believe the house had power, but not as much as you'd usually have. If I had to put it in technical terms, I'd say that the fuse box was rated for, like, 5 or 6 amperes at the most, but of course, I didn't think that in this dream. It had lights, and we could run our sound system in the living room like at home, but it didn't have, like, air conditioners and washers and dryers and all that stuff. So I was thinking to myself that I really wouldn't mind being at the farm by myself for a while. And by the end of this dream -- Oh, I know, somewhere in the middle, Mom was supposed to take me out through the back of the house. See, I had only been coming in and out of the front of the house, but Mom wanted to show me the back of the house, because it was right on this beautiful body of water. But she never did show me. Then, Terri popped in and was yacking and talking. There was something about bread, she was putting bread in the toaster. We were having this discussion about wheat bread versus white bread. It was a bagel, it was a white bread bagel. And then, we were riding in the truck again. Then, we were walking somewhere, it was very urban. Like when we take the bike to my bank and we ride under the overpass and see all the homeless people, and sometimes there's construction. It's just so loud, you've got the cars, and the echo and the construction equipment, it's such an assault on the senses. It wasn't that loud in this dream, but it looked like that. We were walking to some store with an older couple. And then I woke up.