Last night I was having a dream. It was weird, certain things around me that looked like our house down there, but really I think I was in Jackson with my Mom and Dad. And it was, you know, I enjoyed my trip for the most part when I flew up there. So in this dream I was still up there and I was like, it was the day before and I was going to ride home in the car with them. And I remember it just felt like the very last hurrah before the final, you know, everything how was I going to survive the trip home and all like that. I don't remember too many of the scenes, but the one I really remember is that I was at this park, the one that the creek was at, so it's odd because it looked kind of like our waterfront, but I knew that it was a park by Aunt Christine's house. And I had my keyboard out on a picnic table. Don't ask me where I was getting power from.  And I was out there and I was just playing. I was just enjoying myself. And then I was like digging for my cell phone so I could call home and find out how much time I had. And then Mom came up. She had walked to a store and come back. I don't remember what she was saying, but I think she was saying just general stuff. It was kind of odd, she was taking pictures of the waterfront, and I had my practice book. Then, we were saying goodbye to Aunt Christine. In the next little scene, I was home, and I had my cockatiel named Archie. He keeps showing up in my dreams, and when ever he shows up in my dreams, it's like I forget that I still have a bird, and I forget to feed him and give him water. Or I neglect to clean his cage for a few weeks on end. Whenever I find him, I remember that I have a bird. Then, I hurry up and give him food and water. So I feel so terrible. How could I ever be so neglectfuland forget to feed him. And I don't know why I keep dreaming that. I even had one dream that he died of thirst. But in this dream he was alive, and I replaced his drinking water. In this dream he was living in both his own and in Tweety's old cage. So I replaced two different food dishes and two different water dishes. And I was feeling so bad that as I usually do, that he was there all along and I hadn't taken care of him. . Then I woke up.