I was back in New York City, but the city was a lot quieter and a lot more peaceful. And I was still with the POE group (Pipe Organ Encounter workshop I went to) and I guess we had made arrangements to stay there for like longer. And I had settled into this little room that was like set into this huge building, but it was like a really little room with only one little single bed and no even like any furniture or anything. I just had a place to plop all my baggage. I had like three or four suitcases. But I was thinking, "You know what? This is perfect," because I didn't really mind not having any furniture. I was just glad to be like by myself so I could go there and have some alone time. And it had this, what I liked about it was it had this huge open window. It didn't even have a frame or anything. It was like stone, like just open like it would be in a cathedral. It was just open, like to the outside elements, and I could, you know, it would be -- in this dream it was kind of cool and breezy, but it felt really nice. And I don't know exactly what we were doing. I didn't even remember it this morning. It was real foggy. But we were going someplace and I must've either got left behind or decided to explore, because I was like crossing the street by myself and I was, you know, it was like 4th Street. It was as busy as 4th Street. And I was thinking, "Oh gosh, I'm lost. How am I ever going to cross this busy, busy street?" It was a little bit scary, but not too much. I mean, it wasn't the same kind of scary that I have sometimes in dreams. And some stranger was there to help me, and I was really glad. And that's really all I can remember of that. I just remember feeling generally good that I could stay there and be with all these great organ people and stuff. And that same night I faded into this dream that I still had the twin beds upstairs from the girls and for some reason Mom and Dad and I were all sleeping up there. It must have been like we used to do when company was in town. And for some reason Dad was like laying down and going to sleep and Mom put the radio on really loud. It was my clock radio that's over there. And she was like in the bathroom brushing her teeth and I was up going to the toilet and stuff, and it was, it was on really loud. And I kept thinking he was going to wake up and he was going to be mad. And he woke up and he just kind of took like his duffel bag and stuff and went downstairs and turned on the bathroom light. And it was kind of looking like he was moving towards sleeping down there, and Mom and I were going to sleep upstairs in the twin beds, and I was like, "Whoo hoo!" And then I had a dream that we were going to this PTA meeting type of a thing. And we were at Westport High School and we were going to have some kind of banana bread or something that I had baked. And next thing I knew some of these like teacher people were going to come over to our house and we were going to have waffles or something. And next thing I knew Dad was in the front yard just throwing things out of Mom's shed in a real fit like he gets sometimes and saying, "We're going to have people over tomorrow. Right now, today, you're going to clean this out." And I took off, I was wearing a sweater at the time. I took off my sweater and I threw it at him and I said, "What, what the hell are you doing?!" And it was like it didn't even come out that loud. It was going like this [muffled sound]. And I barely had a voice, but I yelled as loud as I could. And I don't remember what happened. I think he just kind of backed away into the mist and everything faded into a mist, and then I woke up.