we were in the green truck. We were coming home from some kind of a long trip, either from Jackson or another state or something. And we were going through our state and it was the last day we were on the road. And you know how you'd enter the state and you're, "Whoo hoo," you're in your own state now, but then it takes like a whole other day just to drive through. And so we were in the truck and we stopped up north, and it was kind of up in the northeast corner of the state, I had a feeling that it was. And we were walking around this beach kind of area, and I kind of had the feeling that it's like Celine's house. It was close by her house, because we were on the beach and then there was this like garage that was backed up to the beach. And we wandered in and we were like wandering around. And there was like this person, like a staff person that was real friendly and sort of talking to us. And, you know, I can't remember anything that was said. I just remember being there. And I remember the person, the staff person was real friendly and invited us in, and had us walk around and look around and was going to introduce us. And then there was this other like woman, this woman staff person there who was talking all about what it's like to be pregnant. And I said to her, "Well, she must have had a hard time walking when she was carrying twins." And she's like, "Yeah." And then we were sitting in this dark living room. It's funny because in the pictures from the ________ interview, everything was light, but in my dream everything was like dark. And we were sitting in the living room and Celine came out. She was wearing black. And Rene was there too and he was wearing black. And I can't really remember much being said. I think Mom and Dad were talking about their trip and stuff. And then I think we were going to walk around and kind of have a tour and then we were going to see the back, which has the pool and the beach and all that stuff, and I remember for some reason next thing I knew we were going back on the road, and we were walking down this long, long dirt road back to the truck. And Rene, the older man Rene, was like wrestling with me and running after me in a kind of fun way, kind of playing, and we were down in this like ravine type of thing and we were wrestling around, and then next thing I know, we're back in the truck and I said, "Well, where is this place?" because I kind of sort of knew that it was called Admiral's Cove in Jupiter. And so I was saying to Mom, "Where is this place?" and she was pointing on the map that it was up in the northeast corner of the state, which was kind of odd. And all the stuff kept happening. I think that the tires on the truck were just like worn out or something and Dad was like, "Well, we're going to have to take the streets the rest of the way home instead of the interstate. So anyway, I thought like, "Oh, brother, this is going to like make the trip like twice as long and I'm going to have to sit and ride like twice as long and I'm good and ready to get home." And it wasn't a problem, they didn't have an argument. But something happened that Mom was starting to drive and Dad was in the passenger seat to my right, and I was like squished in the middle. He kept having to stop and get out and stuff, I think checking on the tires or something. And Mom put the radio on and she said she was listening for traffic reports, but there was some nice smooth jazz on. And then I woke up. That was really weird.