we were at Pizza Factory and it was just closing down, and they were having some kind of a closing party or something. And I can remember we ate pizza and were listening to the organ. But it was a lot more wood around -- wood floors, wood on the wall, wood tables. And for some reason Dad was supposed to come back and help the people close the place down. He was going to like move tables and take stuff off the walls and everything like that. And so I came back too, thinking that I could kind of play the organ while some of that stuff was going on. And I was up in the organ loft. In this dream the place had an organ loft up in the back where the church would have, instead of having it out front on the lift. And so I was up there and I was at this light wooden organ console that was kind of plain, and it was a horse shoe console like a theater organ, but I was going to play it like a classical organ and practice for church this week. So I was trying to figure out not only how to put the stops on, but how to navigate and get the different people's memory levels so I could get different already pre-programmed pieces. And I had this magnifier and I put it out on the little drawer to the right, and there were like all these weird little buttons and things, but I couldn't figure out what they were for. And I turned it on and I started to play, but it was really, really weird. There was this solo reed stop on the great manual (?) and I was trying to play chords within it, and, of course, it was awful sounding. And I didn't want anybody to hear that, but yet at the same time, I wanted to let them know that I wanted to play. And then next thing I knew there was like this school tour group coming through, so I decided I would get down off the organ bench and let them have a look at it and stuff. And then the tour guide -- all the students left for some reason and the tour guide was wanting to take me back to where Dad was. And I was trying to tell him I'd like to play the organ. And so I think he said, "Well, we're going to take all the wires out. We're going to undo all the wiring, so you're not going to be able to." And I was like, "Alright." And just about that time I was holding his hand and walking down the hall, and I heard a fire alarm go off in another room, and I like, I fell down to my knees just because I was startled. And I said, "Can we please go outside?" And he was like, "Well, you can't go down the front stairway because it's blocked. We'll have to go down the back stairway." And I was like half running and half falling down those stairs. It was like round, round and round; it seemed like they would go on forever. And I remembered I had a conscious thought in this dream, I remembered how in a Bach fugue, you have a ______ to _____ you and you have a major chord at the end, and you have some material leading up to it if it's in a minor key. So I thought, "This is just a dream; I really don't need to be afraid in this dream." So I was thinking, I imagined the sound in my head of material preparing me for a major chord ending to a minor piece. And on the major chord I pictured myself outside, and then I woke up.