Well, I think -- it's hard to tell sometimes -- but I think in this dream I was a little kid again. And I was playing in the yard, and then I was playing with the barn set upstairs like in a loft or something in the garage that kind of was like a hay loft almost. And I was waiting for Sandra and Lee to call because we were waiting to go somewhere with them. And finally they called. I heard the phone ring, and they wanted us to meet them at this department store. And so we got in the car and the _________ and Dad had the radio on and it was some lady singing with a piano and the flute. And for some reason, obviously, I didn't want to run all around the department store, so Mom and Dad were going to leave me in the car with the radio on with the ignition on so the accessories would run the _______ and all, you know how that goes. But some older lady was there with us, and she said, "Oh, come in the store." And she seemed like she wanted to buy me something, she wanted to cheer me up or something. She thought that I would have more fun in the store than sitting in the car. So I went along with her, but in my mind I'm thinking, "Oh gosh," because you know those places can be kind of crowded and noisy and boring, to say the least. So the lady took us to the shoe department and I was wearing sandals. And she found these like tassel things, like from my graduation cap, and she hitched them onto my, she tried to hitch them onto my shoes. And then she saw these little teddy bear charms and she tried to hitch those onto my shoes. And she said, "There, isn't that nice!" And I thought, "As long as you're happy, kid." But then as we were walking around, and we were with Sandra and Lee, it was starting to get dark. It wasn't starting to get dark outside, but the lights were starting to go out. And I seem to recall in the store they were playing, "You gotta tell me too, exactly what to do what to do, and I'm so in love with you." And we didn't like that too much. We thought that was a song from the devil. And it is kind of scary because it has a few, it's just kind of weird. Then more lights started to go out and we're still shopping like nothing's going on. There was still plenty of light coming in the windows. But then by the end of this dream they were playing, "What can wash away my sins? Nothing but the blood of Jesus." And, of course, she loved that. And then finally, when I was about to wake up, we were going, we could go down an escalator that was more in the light, but for some reason we decided to go down a stairwell that in the dark, and it was at the end of the store where the lights had gone out. So I remember just, and I wasn't really afraid in this dream. I was just sort of taking my time, you know, as I do, feeling for the railing and holding onto it with both hands. And then I woke up.