It's Black Friday, 2010. Last night I had another one of those dumb dreams about school. This time I was at Westport High School because of the friends I was with, but it kind of looked like the college. It sort of was a building that had tables out front, but inside it was kind of like a high school cafeteria. And I think I was with Angie and Hayleigh and Kendra that I was with a lot in high school, you know, the trouble-makers. And in this dream I was having lunch and I was going in and ask them to get my lunch. And Colin Hanks was there, and he was in uniform. Now Steve is a guy that Dad worked with in the Fire Department for many years, but for me, I never really associated him in that role. He's just kind of a goofy guy that we have breakfast with sometimes, you know. But today he was in uniform, and he was sitting in the middle of the cafeteria with a laptop. And he said, "Hey, Jess, come on over here and sit over here." And I was kind of like I didn't want to because I kind of knew what he was doing and I didn't want to be around for that. It was one of those things where I wanted to get outside as fast as I could, so I was trying to get my lunch and move around this really crowded place, and I think maybe I did sit down for a few minutes, but I really want to be there. What he was doing is they were going to have a fire drill, and he was sitting there with a laptop watching everybody and timing how long it takes them to get out. And he was going to like make notes and then see well the school had trained these kids and everything. So usually they do this during a class, but, you know, during lunch it would be total chaos. And there wasn't really much to it, except I was really afraid and just managed to get out and I was out in the bus circle before they actually started it. And then it's like I switched to another little scene that I had, I was in my room in Centerville at Cedar Park North, and I had like six or seven, maybe ten baby chicks and they were yellow baby chicks. And for some strange reason I was laying in bed and they were under my covers and they were all walking around and peeping and stuff like baby chicks do. And I think it was cold and I was trying to keep them warm or something. And in this dream I kind of went to sleep and then I woke up. And to my horror, I only had a few of them when I woke up. There were two or three that had died, and the ones that had died weren't like dead bodies per se, but they were like stuffed baby chicks. So it was so, I felt so awful that I had smothered them with the blankets and all. And it was just a really sad, horrible thing, and then I woke up.