I was at a HEO convention thing, but it was like my POE trip and it might have been a chapter event, I don't know. But there were a lot of us there and we got this great big packet of stuff, and there were these different presenters giving speeches to us. And somebody -- I think it was Mr. Dawson -- was talking to us about how to diagram something to show the form, and usually a form chart doesn't look like it, but there was all this like tree branches all over the page. And it was apparently showing how a composition was going. And then, before that, there was somebody talking about him playing, and we were talking about picking the right music for the right things. And then when they were talking about the form, they were saying how music is usually learned just mechanically, if you will, but the better you get, the better you get at ideation. And he was going to give us a little bit of dictation, and we were going to fill up this form chart based on what we were hearing in this like new orchestral piece, but first we were going to like listen to each of the themes, and we were going to write them out on a little staff, and we were going to put the letter or the theme next to it. And there was this one that went, [singing] very simple, and apparently it was in G, and it was obviously in 4/4, but the staff that was already provided for me had like one flat and it was the wrong line. It was on the middle line. Now I'm sorry it was on the G where it's normally on the B, so it had a flat that was on the wrong line and it said ¾, and _______ started to write the theme out. I realized that there was a whole bunch of my own writing that wasn't supposed to be there. There were like 16th notes going all over everywhere that should have been like whited-out at some point. And it's like everything was gone except the very ___________ and all its smooshy white-out and it was just really annoying. And I was digging through my bag to see if I could find another piece of staff paper, and I was flipping through my packet to see if I could find a blank piece of staff paper. And I was thinking, "Oh brother, what am I going to do? This is such a good opportunity, and now it's screwed up." And then I woke up.