I was at Central Lutheran getting ready to play that service tomorrow. And there were other things leading up to it, like B____ was over and we were going to play some kind of movie, but I don't really remember that part. In this dream I was at the piano and I was playing the National Anthem and they were doing the flag thing in the procession. And that actually went through without any problem, which was _______. And then I hopped over to the organ and was going to play the first hymn, "God of Our Fathers" and the organ was like this flimsy cardboard thing. And I started playing the first verse, which kind of went alright with a couple of little problems, but then the second verse, for some reason the organ got flimsier and I got more unsure of myself. And I wasn't really able to reach the pedals any more, and it just all fell apart. It was like, "ppptttttttttt." And I tried and I tried and I tried to get it going again and to get the hymn started again, and I just couldn't seem to do it, and then I thought I was starting the right one, but I actually started playing, "My Faith Looks Up to Thee." It was just the wrong one_. And I stopped for a while and I just sat there, kind of resigned. And I was going to really play anything. They put on some kind of canned music and, of all people, Mr. Dawson went by. He touched me on the arm and said, "Hey," like he always does. And he said, "Hey Jasmine, I think you should --." No, I think he said, "Learning and practice activities should be done at home." And I was like, "Oh, my gosh, he did not hear me fumble through all that." And I had the feeling that he had been there because Kristen and Dr. Mauk probably told him. Dr. Mauk is Bob Pew's friend, and he is Mr. Dawson's dermatologist. That's funny, isn't it? And so then I was like sitting on a swing or something, feeling pretty dejected, and then I woke up. And I was so relieved that a) none of that actually happened, and b) Mr. Dawson hadn't found out my secret and hadn't heard all of that happening. [laugh]