I used to take a lot of rides with Merrilee and Corinne in their car, and for some reason _______ it needed fixing. And for some reason they wanted me to pay for it. And they were going to, for some reason they dropped me off at some strange intersection and they went on their way. And they said, "You can go to the shop for us and let them know we're coming and tell them all about it, okay?" And I said, "Sure." And I kind of wandered around aimlessly, not knowing where I was going for a few minutes, and then I got it in my head that I could work with my binocular at street signs, and I had the address on a card that they had given me. It was an AMCO shop and it was at 50-something, and I was on 49th Street, so I knew I had to go one over, and sure enough, there it was. So I went in and I told them that Merrilee and Corinne were coming, and then for some reason Mom met me at the shop because I didn't know how I was going to get home and there she was; she showed up. And next thing I know we were walking and walking and we ended up at Damon's Landing and there's this park and we were walking down the boardwalk, and first we came through like a restaurant, and on stage there was some music, and there was like a one-man band who had like a drone ____ and a guitar, and Mom said he was in a parrot costume, like a parrot___. And I was kind of hungry. I wanted us to sit down and eat at the shop there because I was looking out and there was like a fence and we could see the blue, blue water. And we kept walking down the boardwalk and there were these steep inclines you'd walk down. And then we came to these stairs where we could walk down to the water, and we walked down and we stood there. And it was just really blue and it smelled really nice and wonderful. And there were other people swimming. And in this dream I was wearing jeans and some kind of long-sleeve shirt, and I thought, "Well, gee, if I was wearing less clothes, I would jump right in." And I said to Mom, "You have to tell me where Damon's Landing is in relation to the other things I know," and she said, "It's more southern." We walked a little more and I said, "You need to tell me where it's at in relation to other things," and she said, "I don't think so; I don't want to." And that made me really mad, and I got the drift because she said it was southern that it was near Mid-town and she didn't want me to go there, and she didn't want to say it in front of all these people. That made me so mad, I wanted to push her in the water. And then I woke up. Also I'm remembering something that came before this whole thing, before I woke up to go to the bathroom. I was back at Westport High School and I was in the food court, like the outside cafeteria thing and that you could just have a school play or something. And Mom came by and I was at, Mom was going to come by on the tandem bike and pick me up, but I was standing around talking to Susan and Hayleigh and a couple other people, and they were going to go for a ride downtown. And they were going to just sort of hang around and get to town and have a night on the town. And I was wondering about whether or not to just say I would go with them and get Mom to go back home. But while we were waiting, they were saying some really horrible things about these people they knew and what they did and, you know, how they were going to get drunk and stuff like that. And I figured I just wanted to get away from them, so next thing I knew, Mom showed up and I don't really remember riding home. I just remember being home, being so scared, and laying with her in bed and thinking to myself how much I really didn't want to be out on the town with Susan and Hayleigh getting into all kinds of trouble. And then I woke up.