I have been having lots of little fragmented little stupid dreams lately that don't really have much substance, but are kind of isolated little whatever you'd call them. A couple of them, actually the night before last I dreamt that Mom had the vacuum cleaner up on the third level and she was trying to vacuum something and the vacuum cleaner motor was revving like the car motor would if it was in park and you stepped on the gas. And the vacuum cleaner motor was just going faster, faster and faster and I was saying to Mom, "Unplug it; unplug it" and it turned out it would do that revving business when she would lean on something. And there wasn't really that much to that one, and then last night I had this dream that was kind of a hodge podge. First I was down in Demon's Landing again walking on this platform thing, and then Mom and Dad and I were in the car and we were riding around. And we were like going on the Interstate and it was almost like a roller coaster. I was hanging onto their arms and hanging onto the doors. It was like a crazy ride. And then, next thing I knew, I was driving and I was just sort of toodling down the street, hoping I was in the right lane. It was almost like I wasn't really doing that much. It was just happening by itself, and I was sort of trusting that it would happen and I was pretty scared when I woke up because I really wanted to get wherever I was going, and I was determined to get there. But I was just sort of thinking, "Gee, just trusting that everything's going to happen." And then I dreamt that I was at Jungle Park and I had this dream before that I'm at Jungle Park and I'm wandering this crazy maze-like-type thing. But this time people were saying that there was a place you could go, and it had like a blues exhibit where there were several pianos and you could jam, and you'd go up a stairway in the gift shop and you'd come out on a balcony, and that's where it is. And that's where I was supposed to go. And I kind of got lost, but then I found it, and then I woke up.