I was at St. Paul's for Easter. Now for some reason in this dream the sanctuary was this great big round rotunda with a wooden floor and big windows and curtains; no stained glass windows, just plain old, big old windows. And instead of pews, we were all sitting in chairs, kind of in rows. And the organ loft is up in the back and there was like a stage almost instead of an altar, kind of like one of these mega churches would be. The AGO calls them Big Box Churches, I guess. And I was there with somebody with dark hair. I kind of half thought it might be Marilou, but I kind of thought it was Sandra. And I was kind of thinking maybe it was Samantha, even though Samantha has light hair in real life. I kind of feel like it must have been Samantha because I had a feeling it wasn't somebody really religious, but was just kind of there. And I was just kind of observing, and I was listening to the organ, and I was hearing the organ playing really loud and I wasn't hearing people sing too much because people don't really sing that much, I guess. And I was hearing the priest go on and on, and they were doing their different readings and things, and then everybody was going up to the stage/altar all in a big line. I think that there were lots of children who were getting baptized or first communion or something, but they were all in colorful outfits. They weren't wearing white. And then the priest was giving a sermon. I don't even remember any words. It was just like blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And he had a lot of the mannerisms of Pastor Gregg and he was all in white. And then the organ played again and I kind of turned around when the organ was playing, and I looked up there and I could see some pipes. And the organ, we were singing "Rock of Ages," and just like when I sing in church for real, I could feel my voice more than I could hear it. And so I could feel my voice resonating, and I was singing my heart out because I was so glad they picked one that I know the words to. And for real I really am happy when I finally hear a tune that I know the words to because, as much as I have been in church the past year, I still don't know many of the words to the hymns because people don't enunciate very well when they sing, and I don't take the time to stay; I want to go home. So in my dream I was, they didn't even have a post ______. The just did the last hymn and then everybody got up and for some reason I was wearing a vestment, like for a choir. I was singing like out in the congregation, but I was wearing a vestment. And when I got up, I not only lost the bottom of my vestment, but I lost my pants too. [laugh] Then I was running around with no pants and a bare butt, and everybody was like, "Oh my God, oh, my God!" And this one lady who was like an elder there, like one of the ladies like Judy from Central Lutheran, she was like, "Oh, Honey, you can come with me." I was kind of running around like a chicken without my head because I didn't know what to do. I felt like people were going to like nab me and kick me out or something and I didn't know which way to run. But this lady was like, "Oh, Honey, you can come with me." And she took me to this back room and she gave me this purple ticket that would allow me to go into the donation closet and pick a pair of clothes, or at least a pair of pants or something. [laugh] And so I picked these purple shorts with sparkly jewels on them, and I put them on, and then I woke up. That was crazy, wasn't it? But actually, to think about it, I think this might be because I might not be buying everything they say all the time, I don't take everything so literally as they do, and sometimes I have my own ideas and I wonder how it might be if they ever found out what was really in my heart. [laugh] This running around with no pants thing is probably about that. 