I was at a school that was kind of like Westport High School, but I felt like it was a college. It was during the summer and the type of activities that were going on were like a college orientation, but there were young kids there and I was kind of a young kid. And I think there were kind of middle teenagers, like 15 and 16 years old, and most of them were girls. And I think Samantha, Sandra and Derek were there too. And we were on this playground. And it was a big, huge, tall playground with equipment for teenagers, like monkey bars that were really, really, really tall and stuff like that. And I was kind of involved in some kind of a hazing thing, I guess it was, now that I look back on it, in order to get into this whatever I was trying to get into. This group of girls was going to do something really odd. They would throw me up in the air and I would throw around and throw around and throw around and I would come down and I would hit this mat. And when I would come down and hit the mat, there was going to be this terrible, terrible, awful, awful, really really loud sound that would be triggered. And so I think I had________ or something, and I did -- I swirled all around and when I came down, it was just sort of like I floated to the ground and nothing happened. And the sound thing didn't work, fortunately. And I can remember doing a monkey bar thing and hoping that I wouldn't fall. And I was climbing to the top of some of this really, really tall teenage equipment. And somebody pushed me off of one of the things, and again, I kind of flew threw the ground and that time when I hit the mat, nothing happened either. But then they were kind of starting to chase after me, and Mom was there, and by that time it was almost dusk. And we were like running to the car because they were chasing after me, and when Mom and I got in the car, the car wouldn't start, but she just kind of put it in neutral and was able to get it going and kind of steer it a little bit. And we kind of were bumbling our way off into the night, and before I knew it we were home. And then I woke up.