I was up most of the night sniffing and snotting and whatever else because I just couldn't go to sleep, as stuffy as I was. So when I finally did go to sleep, I had this dream that was so very real, it was kind of scary. It wasn't really scary, but, you know, I dreamt that Mom and Dad had come back already and it was Saturday morning. I dreamt that, I don't know, I guess they just sort of showed up and I saw the truck out there, and I said, "Well, why did you come back?" and Dad said, "Well, because I drive too slow." And apparently that must have been what they were arguing about. And apparently also they had forgotten some things. Apparently there was thing that you would put your feet in and have them washed or massaged or something, and they had left it here at the house and they had intended to take it with them. So it was probably going to be a few days or more before they left. And I was really disappointed because it wasn't even really sure that they would leave again. And I was still, I went through a couple of phases where I would wake up and go back to sleep, and I couldn't really be sure that it was actually a dream until I really woke up and it was daylight. And I looked out the front and the truck wasn't there, and then I was really sure that it was a dream. And also I was having this other dream about being in the school someplace. And it actually kind of looked like the pier. Then I could be there for one or two classes and come home. And actually I didn't even really feel like I was attending any classes. But I was rolling around and they had this roof top place like the pier does, and like I understand the hospital does. And we were out there with a couple other students and there was a white board, and the students were writing what they would like to see, up there on the white board. And ______ were talking about a recording studio, and I just stepped back and thought to myself, "Well, surely I won't get into it because they people will. These people are kind of h_____ people and they're like they're just going to hog it." And then I dreamt that for some reason I was swimming in this indoor pool, and when I got out, I was naked. And I was kind of running around in a quasi locker room, and there was this guy in there and I was really embarrassed. And he was trying to help me find something, maybe some food or my clothes or the right place to go out or something. And then I woke up.