Actually we were riding around doing errands with Betsy. It was me and Mom and Dad and Betsy were all in the car, and there was someone else with us. And we were riding around to different stores and things, and it was time to get ourselves some food. And for some reason Dad knew of this van that would be parked by the police station, and this van would have like all kinds of food rations and little things that they give to prisoners. And for some reason, somehow, they were going to let us have some, if it was anything we really wanted, right? I mean, it was so, they had like little spools of thread and little socks, little containers of food and just diddly things in different drawers and things. And we got Betsy some things from there, and someone was telling us the story of this food that fell in the mud and how they took like thousands of bacteria processes and things and somehow cleaned it up, and they don't know what they did or how they did or if it was safe. They just know they did it. And next we _________ parking lot and for some reason there was a fire truck, and for some reason Dad had to move it. And he said something about, "Go over to one side," like over around to the left, "and go out of the parking lot and wait for me over somewhere else." Well, for some reason, instead of going left, I went right, and he was backing the truck up. And I thought that he wanted us to get in the truck so that we could keep going. So I went around the back of the truck over to the passenger side, and I was so close to getting run over. The truck was like touching me, almost about to knock me over. It was moving slowly, slowly. So I just climbed onto the bumper for lack of a better way to say it. I just climbed onto it and hung on so that he could do all his maneuvering and I wouldn't get run over. And he kept turning it and stuff, and eventually I managed to tap on the door. And I don't remember what happened after that. I don't even remember us getting back in our car to go home. Then I woke up.