I had a silly, silly dream last night and there were lots of silly parts to it. But unfortunately I waited until late in the day to record it because I couldn't find my darned tape machine, and now only the first part is all I can remember. But I know there was lots of interesting stuff to it. It's kind of a bummer I can only remember this part. But I was in a movie theater and it didn't really have theater seats, but it had wooden chairs. And the front part where you stand in line, it was kind of a Disneyland thing where you have wooden sort of counters and wrought iron railing things and have to kind of walk in these big line things. And there were two people that were kind of like the owners, and they were like high school or college kids. And they were doing this thing where they were just opening their first plays and they were all excited and happy, and they were having like a grand opening where all their best friends come. And they were boys and girls. They were a bit like Melinda's family, I think, the way they acted and stuff. And I don't know, we were all in there milling around and somebody opened another door, and I heard the beep, beep sound, you know, the count-down sound like I hear at Central Lutheran. And I realized, "Oh, my gosh, they don't even realize that they have to go to their piano and shut it off. I need to get out of here!" So it was a typical scenario of realizing that I'm taking off running down the street the other way just like in every other crisis I'm in. And in this dream I had a towel wrapped around my head, which usually dulls sound quite a bit. And I was running across an intersection, and I was with the light, meaning that the traffic was only going parallel to me and the other ones were stopped. And there were some right turners going on right in front of me, and I actually had an experience like this a few months ago. And I stopped and I was like standing there in the middle of the street while three or four right turners went by, and then I got to the other side of the street and I was like, "Phew!" and I kept running. And I heard the time was up, but get this -- instead of hearing an alarm going off, I was hearing the Overture from Mary Poppins, you know, the very first feed the birds scene? And then there was the voice of Julie Andrews saying, "Ladies and Gentlemen, if you don't leave, I will have to use the alarm. Okay?" And then there was a chorus counting down like five seconds or something. And then, instead of a regular modulated sign wave, like a "whoo whoo," it was almost musical. It was more like, "Whoo ...... [going up and down" kind of all over the place and it wasn't really -- I'm trying to think right now -- it wasn't really quite so loud because I had run so far, but I could hear it and it was just kind of crazy. How bizarre! How bizarre!