Derek was in town and we were getting ready to go to Disneyland. And Dad wasn't going again. It was me and Mom and Derek. And at first I was thinking that I didn't want to go either because I was remembering the nightmare we had with the Morgan family. But as this kind of went along, I realized that I wanted to go too, that we'd probably have a lot of fun. And let's see, first of all, weirdest of all, I dreamt that our house had heat sensors and alarms like public buildings do, and if I colored with a marker or a crayon in the house, even on the porch, it would sound like a fire alarm in a public building was going off. So I had to be really, really careful and if I wanted to draw or color, I actually had to go out in the front yard. And I was making something that I don't remember what, and then I'm trying to remember what else. I think we were supposed to go to bed early so that we could get up early the next morning and get on the road, but Derek and Mom and I stayed up yakking and yakking and yakking all night pretty much, and I don't remember what we were talking about -- funny stuff, kind of ________________ and just kind of bonding, I guess. Now normally in the past couple years we wouldn't really know what to say that much, but here in this dream we seemed to have a lot to say. We were just kind of goofing around. Derek was laying on the couch, and I was sitting on him, like when I was a little girl, and we were kind of wrestling and playing and stuff, and Mom was on the sleeper couch. There wasn't an organ yet in this dream. And I think I showed Derek Big Bird and he really liked it, but then I remembered that Dad was sleeping in the bedroom and I had left him in the bedroom there because I thought that nobody was home, and I was just hoping that Dad wouldn't wake up and see him, but he did. And he woke up -- it was kind of like 5:00 o'clock in the morning, his normal time to get up, and I guess we had kind of been up all night, and he woke up and just sort of casually carried Big Bird out and put him on the sleeper couch and I was so embarrassed because I didn't want Dad to see him. And I was kind of, while Dad was in the bathroom, I was kind of talking to Derek about maybe he could convince Dad that it was his, and then I realized that Derek is probably under a lot more pressure to be grown up and manly than I am. So I don't really remember how that went. And then, let's see, and then I went upstairs and I was putting on orange tights like [laugh] they weren't really tight per se, but they were like knee-high socks and they were bright orange. And I was going to wear these goofy brownish shoes. And I was getting dressed to get out on the road, and then I woke up.