I was at Modern Media College for a guest performance. I don't know how I got to Centerville, but I think I took a DART cab all the way. [laugh] What do you know about that? Speaking of cabs, I actually took a cash cab to work today because I forgot to set another one. I was all wigged out yesterday. [laugh] So anyway, I took a DART cab all the way to Centerville in this dream and I was at Modern Media College and I was sitting in the coffee shop and having dinner with somebody really, really famous, I don't know who. I don't really have any kind of a name __________. It wasn't anybody whose name I would recognize. And he was just kind of making small talk before the presentation, and he was saying how overwhelmed he was by everybody wanting him to hear this stuff. And somehow I took to talking to him, I don't know, I'm just special that way. I have a way to draw people in sometimes, probably because I'm so precocious, probably more than I should be. So we started talking and I started blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, all about me and stuff. And he kind of seemed to like talking to me, so we talked a little bit. And he said, "Well, you seem so enthusiastic. Why aren't you doing it now?" And I said, "Well, first of all, I live in Westport," and I said, "If I were up here, I would doing it more, but I'm in Westport," and I told him all this stuff my parents say and how they kind of pooh-poohed the whole thing, and how they're, you know, kind of gave them a little bit of a sob story which is very unprofessional of me. And then he started talking about other things and how I could eventually maybe get back to it, and I said, "I know the theory really well in my head, I know about ______ _____. The problem for me is finding out how to make the teeny piece of equipment do what it's supposed to do in a timely fashion." And he said, the whole rest of the crowd got there, and it was like time for me to stop talking and pull back and let someone else in. And the next scene flipped to when we were done with the presentation -- apparently the whole thing was in the coffee shop. It didn't look like the one that I remember, but the floor was white, so it must've been the one I remember. The one I remember was like in the back of a building and it was really, really open and airy. And this one was kind of closed up like a little store front shop. So it was after the presentation and he said, "Well, how are you getting home?" And I said, "Well, I don't know. I'm thinking I'm going to have to call my parents." And for a minute he kind of did a ________ and said, "Well, why would you have to do that?" And it just seemed odd. Sometimes Dad says the most odd things at the most odd times. So he said, "Well, let me call my wife real quick." And he made this call and he was talking a little bit, and then he said, "Well come on, let's go." And I can't remember how it happened, but I think we were walking, and he said, "Well, I could use _________ in the house anyway because I've got paint fumes coming up from the floor" or something. I think he meant to say that he was having painting and all kinds of stuff going on at his house. So for some crazy reason, I don't think I even called home, but Mom showed up, of all things. And she's like, "Well, come on, Jess, let's go." And I said, "Well no, I'm going to ride with so and so," I can't even remember his name. He's really famous, he's a sound _____. I want to ride with him and I want to have more of a report." And Mom said, "Well, you don't really know him," and this and that and the other, and I just had the biggest hissy fit you can ever imagine. I was, once I got the drift that she thought she had to save me from that situation, I let loose. I was yelling and screaming and running after her, and trying to throw things at her. I threw, when we were having this scene, we were at a park. I'm starting to remember it better now. I think this sound man and I were walking in the park to get to his car, and I said that I remembered that park because it looked like one of the ponds at my complex. So we were at this park and Mom and I were fighting and having our fits. And I threw my phone and my purse in the pond, and then I just threw myself on the ground and was rolling down the hill, and I knew I wasn't really going to go too far too fast, but I was. And then I was walking in the shallow water, and then it was nightfall and then I kind of -- actually I think I was at home when night fell. Somehow I got home. I must've ridden home anyway, and I didn't know where my phone or anything was, probably because it was still in the lake! [laugh] But I realized that I needed to call Modern Media College and let -- I think his name was Nick -- I needed to let Nick know that I got home, but that I still wanted to talk to him some more sometime. And so that he would know that he didn't have to wait for me any more, and that I didn't drop off the face of the earth, and apologized to him for the whole thing. So I realized that I couldn't call 407 on a land line because we don't have long distance any more, and I was messing it all up and not really doing the right thing, and in this dream I couldn't even call the 1-800 number for Admissions. I used to be able to call the 1-800 number for Admissions and they'd transfer me to whatever department I asked for because when I first got there, I didn't memorize the new number for a while, so I would just call the Admissions number. So anyway, I didn't talk to anybody, but a while later I heard this ringing and ringing and I followed my ears and I found my cell phone and I answered it. And the lady said, "It's a Pissa (?)" and she said it was a lady from the desk at Modern Media College. And I was just starting to tell her about what happened and to apologize and pass the message to Nick for me. And then I woke up. Oh, how frustrating, and how tiring!