First I think we were at the fire station and there was some kind of a dinner going on, like some times at holidays -- at Thanksgiving or Christmas -- we would come to the fire station and we would all kind of have dinner if Dad was on duty. Well, I got the feeling that this was like that, except it was in the middle of the afternoon, and there was some kind of awards being given out or something. And I had lots of work to do for various things, and they had set up an office for me there so I could be there by the paperwork. And I don't remember what exactly I was working on. Apparently I was trying to make some arrangements for early childhood music or something, it was this weird thing. There were two computers set up, a Mac and a PC, and somehow they were supposed to collect ______________________. And we were at the lunch table and somebody said they were going to be testing and working on the fire alarm, and I was like, "Oh great." And in this dream it was just like I was a little child. I was really nervous and jerky, and I tried to go back to the office and I was thinking to myself a little bit of what I needed to do next, and I said, "I need to go outside; I'm just too nervous. I can't do this." And then I actually, it was a good thing I went outside because I realized I was supposed to be somewhere else. I realized that I was supposed to be at this one school that I said I was going to do a music session at 3:00 o'clock and it was now 2:30, and I didn't set up a cab and I was here instead of home. So Mom and I got in the green truck and we took off, and I don't really remember being there in this dream. Next thing I knew it was the next day and it was my birthday. And I was going to have an early childhood music birthday, where I would, instead of my own friends, I would invite lots of families with young children and we would all do musical activities together. And it makes me kind of laugh when I think of it, because even though this would be fun for me in a classroom setting, I'm not particularly sure I would want to do it as my own birthday, although maybe I will someday, just because the understanding would have to be that the parents would definitely have to watch their kids because I would have no control and they would be running all over the house. And let me see, is there anything more? I can't -- oh, I know, just the only thing with that is that I was going to get people invitations on that very morning and then expect them to come later in the afternoon, which is kind of silly. And I think I was making a cake, and then I woke up.