I've still got a little bit of a frog in my throat, but I'm getting better, I think. Last night I had a not-so-good dream. I dreamt that it was Easter time, of all things, and I had gotten Mom and Dad a keyboard so that they could learn to play the piano if they wanted. And apparently I think they must have wanted to. It was kind of like the first one I had, like the cheap Radio Shack model. It wasn't really that big. So I had wrapped it up and put it on a stand so it was kind of pretty obvious what it was. And we were doing the usual Easter basket thing, and Mom had put some little things in my Easter basket. I had a feeling like they were like note pads and little diddley things like that. And we were going to do Easter things on Easter morning. And I don't remember what happened or why, but Mom and Dad had some kind of argument and Dad decided, "Well, I don't want to do any Easter things now. In fact, I don't want to do any Easter things this week." So I figured, "Well, okay, that figures. I'm going to open my Easter basket all by myself, and I'm going to take everybody's presents back upstairs, and I might not even keep them; I'll just get rid of them." And then I can't really remember opening my Easter basket, and then I'm trying to remember what else there was. I was in the kitchen and Mom and Dad were on the back steps. And Mom and Dad were trying to talk about making a schedule and holding _______ mark again, and Dad like, there was a bush of sort of like daisies, I think, and Dad whipped his hand across the bush and was on purpose like knocking all the blooms off of the bush and starting to yell. And I think I, I opened the door and said, "Hey, everybody, you have to stop this. This isn't civil. What are you doing here? You're wrecking things." And somehow Dad slid and fell backwards and pushed me backwards too, and I was laying on the floor and his torso was laying on top of me, and not really on purpose, we just sort of fell and that's how it happened. And I felt like I was being crushed, and I said, "Get up, get up; I can hardly breathe. I can't move." And he said, "Well, you'll just have to get yourself up." And so I twisted and fought and pushed and fought my way out from under him, and eventually I was able to get free and get up, and then I woke up.