The first I can't really remember. It was one of those nights where I know I slept, but I slept really lightly and I kept waking up. So the first dream, I dreamt that I was putting on a puppet show and there were these really, really funny-looking cootie-bug like type puppets, and I was making them jump up and down and say stupid nonsense things and whatever else like that. And then I woke up and was awake for about half an hour. And then I went back to sleep and I dreamt that I was on a plane, one of those little planes like we flew on when we went to Key West -- I don't know exactly what you call it, but more private than commercial. And for some reason these dreams about flying, I have this sort of nondistinct sort of relationship between being in a plane and being in a car. And it was kind of the same thing, and the way it usually goes is I'm in a car and I'm riding with somebody, and then I realize that I'm flying; or maybe it's the other way around, or, you know. But this time I was with two or three other people and we were coming back from some kind of conference, and I was trying to get home. And apparently we had to land like at some strange airport that wasn't where I wanted to be. And it was like, we're in this big building, but we're going down water slides and stuff, and we're kind of splashing and playing in the water. And we're apparently trying to pass our layover because I had to wait like four and a half hours before I could get on another plane. Then I realized I was stark naked and there's all these people around [laugh] and I was thinking, "What are going to say about me going on a plane stark naked?" And then I woke up and it was some other hour, I think it was about 7:00. And then I went back to sleep, unintending, and I dreamt that I not only didn't finish my degree at the college, but I had just been let go, and that people were saying that when I was working there, I falsified documents and made things look so that they weren't right. And apparently according to them, I didn't do in on purpose; I did it because I just wasn't attentive to detail and couldn't really read everything I was supposed to. And I don't know exactly all the details, but it was something like that. And it was almost like being in high school, because the two campuses were sort of combined again. And again, I was stark naked and I was walking around, and apparently -- I don't know -- I think I had scheduled a cab or I didn't connect with a cab after I had been let go, and I was there wandering around aimlessly with nothing to do and I had like three hours before I could go home. And I was like laying down in a sunny patch by some bushes and I was like crawling along the ground and hoping nobody would see me. And then I woke up. [laugh] That was bizarre, and how bizarre and how bizarre!