Alright, this is a test. I'm going to try something new today. My little tape machine broke, so I'm going to have to try to record this digitally and see how it goes. Last night I was having a dream that we were all at the beach and I was riding on some kind of boogey board or something, some kind of something or other, and I was paddling around trying to kind of swim a little bit, and I was looking for a place where I could just sort of float and be away from people. And everywhere I kind of went there was another person or another thing, and I was paddling way out to the deep. And when I was out to the deep, there was this big -- it almost didn't look like a ship, it looked like a big truck floating out in the water. But I reasoned that it has to be either a boat or a ship or something. And it had its engine running, and it really sounded like a diesel truck engine like you hear on the highway. It was sitting still, but I thought, "This thing could move any minute now," so I figured I'd better get out of its way. So I started paddling real quick back towards the shallow section and there were a lot of people around. And then I met with Mom and there were some other people there that I thought we knew, but I don't remember who they were now. And apparently we were supposed to meet up with Dad at some point, but he was doing something else. Oh, and there was another funny thing -- we were talking about whether Santa would come to town on an inner tube, and we were saying how hilarious and ridiculous that would be. [laugh] Oh, there's more to this, I can't remember for sure, but then I realized that all the other people in the water were from like a cruise, and that the cruise had arranged for a bus to take everybody back to a hotel. And we were staying at that hotel, so we figured, "Well, gee, we'll just hitch a ride on the bus." So I imagine we dried ourselves off and got on the bus with all our blankets and picnic baskets and stuff, and in this dream Mom and I each had a cell phone and Dad had his own cell phone. So I said, "Okay, we need to call Dad's cell phone and tell him that we're on a bus and we're going to meet back at the hotel instead of at the beach. So Mom called Dad's cell phone and, of course, she didn't say, "We're on a bus; we're going to meet you back at the hotel." She said that, "Oh gee, I got a funny missed call on my cell phone and the person who called me, I don't see the numbers. I see a bunch of strange letters. And I wonder if you know what this is about," and a whole roundabout thing, and, of course, she got irritated. And when she hung up, I said, "Why didn't you just tell him we're on the bus and we're going to meet at the hotel"? And I got a little frustrated with her because she just misses the obvious so much sometimes. And then I said, "Well, it's okay, I know you have this trouble sometimes," and all of that. And then I woke up. Oh great, now I dropped it [recorder] Now I've got to find it. Isn't this crazy!