Mom was acting in a play at the Palladium, and I had the feeling that it was kind of like when she would do a dance recital, except she wasn't in a dance recital, it was actually acting in a play. I had no idea what the play was about or what her character was. I just remember being so excited for her and so thrilled, and I came along, and I remember being able to pretty much come and go as I pleased. The Palladium was about half full, there was some audience. So pretty much whenever I wanted, I could come out front and watch the play or go backstage and diddle around. I remember the backstage area was kind of a white floor instead of how it really is, and there were different dressing rooms and stuff. And I remember one time when I was backstage I was dancing with the other cast. We were holding hands and kind of line dancing. We were all backstage. And sometimes Mom and I would hang out backstage and she had a little while before she had to go on again. And then it was like an hour's worth of intermission, believe it or not. There was like a whole hour before the second half, and for some reason in my dream the Palladium was right next to the park, kind of where the baseball diamond is and where the t____ place is. So we got to walk around the lake and we were stopping at a water fountain sink-like type station to wash my hands and take a drink, I think. And for some reason she thought my face was dirty, so she was washing my face. And just about that moment there was a horrible horn honking and siren blaring going on, and she's holding by the face and she's washing my face, and I broke away and started running away. And as it turned out, it wasn't a fire truck or an ambulance or anything normal. It was some kind of a boat that was in the lake and it was from something called the Teddy Bear Foundation. And the Teddy Bear Foundation was apparently a halfway good organization that gave teddy bears the tour of the hospital, but they were also like Tea Party zealots, and what they were doing was they were staging a protest because they thought the Palladium wasted too much public money and was too much of a drain on society. And somehow I was able to jump in the lake and swim across the lake as a shortcut to actually walking around the rest of the lake. And then Mom and I walked through the place where the scoreboard is, where I used to hide in the bushes. We walked all through that area and cut across this field, and then we were able to get back to the Palladium on time, and I can't remember any more of that part, but I do remember the part where we got home and Mom and Dad were fighting as per usual, and Dad was kind of wondering, "Well gee, what were you doing there all that time?" meaning he knew that Mom was in a play, but what in the world was I doing there? Well, I told him that sitting backstage in the wings I could actually see the play better from instead of sitting out front further away, and, of course, that was baloney, but it sounded good to him. And I listed all kinds of books that I had with me to read and stuff. And then I woke up.