I am quite the sicky chicky right now, as you can probably tell. Peep, peep, peep, peep. I first of all wanted to see if the batteries in this thing are still good, which it appears that they are, and also I wanted to recount something funny that I remembered when I was digging through a box of stuff trying to get myself reorganized with the meager strength I have today. So I don't know if I already put this on one of my other tapes, but I figured it's better to have twice than not at all. I remember there was time when I was young -- I have no idea how old I was -- I could have been a toddler, I could have been five or six, possibly seven, something like that. And we were up in Jackson during the winter time. And it was Halloween. And, come to think of it, the time that I remember, the one time I remember really getting out of school to go to Jackson was when I was in kindergarten. So I was probably in kindergarten at the time because it was Halloween and there's not really a big school holiday for Halloween, but I know it was Halloween and we were in Jackson. Either that, or it was actually later; it could have been Thanksgiving and we were just playing Halloween. But [laugh] I felt like it was Halloween, whether it was Thanksgiving or Christmas or whatever. Okay, so it was winter time and it was really cold outside, and it wasn't really practical to go trick-or-treating around the neighborhood and slipping and sloshing through the snow and ice. So we came up with a novel solution to our problem. We were at Uncle Larry's house and Josie and Bobby and I all put costumes on. I don't remember what Bobby was, but I think Josie was a witch and she was fussing about how her hat didn't fit right or something. Josie was always fussing about something when they were little. And I remember I was a bear. Aunt Christine found this bear costume somewhere, and I remember her showing it to me, saying, "You're going to look like a bear when I put this on you." So there we were, and we were at Uncle Larry's house, and Uncle Larry went in his bathroom, Mom went in his studio and Aunt Christine went in the bedroom. And we three kids took turns going around knocking on each of those doors saying, "Trick or treat." And each time we would go like to one to the next to the next and back around again. So [laugh] I remember we must have gotten candy and stuff. They kept putting candy in our bags each time we came around, and Uncle Larry was the one who was the most creative and the most trying to be spooky and stuff, and he would say scary things like, "What do you want?" And I remember one time near the end he picked each of us up and kind of hung us upside down or something like that. And I think at one point we each got one of those pop-up things. Josie got -- I don't remember -- Bobby got the skull and I got the pumpkin, so Josie must've gotten the witch. You know those things with the suction cup where you put them down and then, when you least expect it, they pop up and then they fall down? So they saved those 'til the very end, and that's all of that story that I can think of right now.