I overslept again today. Last night I was having a dream. I don't remember if I was at St. Bartholomew's or St. Thomas, but I was at one of those churches. And it was kind of small and local and Episcopalian, I know that much, and I was in there to take some pictures and then possibly play the organ. And the doors were unlocked and I felt like I could just walk in because I know that neither one of them really, I don't think either of them has anything to be afraid of like Central Lutheran does. So I was in there and I was sort of having feelings like, "Gee, what if somebody catches me in here; what would they think?" And before I could take a picture -- I wanted to take one of those pictures where it's kind of a crazy illusion where you're standing there and you're looking up and you see all the stained glass windows and everything. But somebody came in and said, "You know you really shouldn't be in here, so I had to leave, but then two other people were coming in behind her, and before I knew it, all of Dr. Keyes class was in there to rehearse. And I think even Astrid was there, because she's in college chorus now. And in that part of the dream there weren't any pews or anything. There was this great big wide open space where they were standing and rehearsing. And, in fact, when Dr. Toronto's chorus was assembling, the scene kind of shifted and they were in the cafeteria. And we were like in a school cafeteria, like either at Bancroft Middle School or at Oceanside Elementary. It wasn't like Westport High School's cafeteria. And I'm trying to think, I think some people were sitting and some people were standing, but they were basically in formation. And I walked in the door and I asked Dr. Toronto, "Is it okay if I just listen today?" And he said, "Why sure." So -- get this -- I put a pallet and a blanket down and some pillows and I laid down and I listened to them rehearse laying down, as if I were going to a sleepover. [laugh] What is up with that? And there were some times during the rehearsal when somebody was just goofing around or they're doing what they were supposed to or something, and he just sort of went over and talked to them quietly and then they left. And I heard people make comments about that. And so there was kind of an uproar, I mean a moderate uproar in rehearsal. I have no memory of what they were singing or how they were doing it. There was kind of a little episode there because Dr. T. said we were going to have to cut it short because they were going to do a fire drill and we were going to have to go outside. And as long as we were going to be interrupted, we may as well go outside because it was going to happen like any second now. So all these like 40 or 50 choristers were going out ahead of me, and I thought, "Gee, how am I going to get out in time?" And, as a matter of fact, I got outside before it happened and I never heard it in this dream. And I started walking away from the school, like so that I would be further away when it happens. And Dr. T. started walking with me, and we were walking down the little path that was kind of off school grounds, if you will. And, again, I'm not even sure what school I was at in this dream. So while we were walking, he was talking to me and encouraging me, "You know, you should start singing again." And I was thinking, "Well, I don't know. I don't think I can." And he had me match some notes and I could match them, and he said, "See there?" He was talking about hymns and how easy it is to learn to sing hymns. And then I woke up.