I know I got some sleep last night because I had a dream. I dreamt that I was back at PLE and I was in a great big Anglican church. And I remember we were singing a hymn that I knew because I was singing in my sleep, I mean, probably not really, but at least in my dream I was. And the thing was I was being led by some boy, somebody that was actually part of me, one of the volunteers or somebody, and I think that he was in the service and there were a few more people that were in the service. And he led me up, we had to like at some point we had to process like from the organ loft down like to the main chancel. It was almost as if we were giving communion, although I don't remember that actually. And he led me up down like way too early, like way before everybody else, and the pastor kind of said, "What are you doing up here so early?" and kind of sent us back to our seats. And then after _____ and all, we had to go back up to the organ loft and we were singing, "Christian men rejoice with heart and soul and voice." He took me way early up there too, but that didn't really matter. And a lot of the people were in the service were wearing a uniform and the priest or pastor said, "What are you doing in uniform today?" I don't know what was up with that. And now I remembered what else I dreamt. I dreamt that for some reason I was in this great, great big, big building and it had something to do with something that was top secret, like it was like one of those big buildings in New York, but it was like a government building. And I have no idea why I was there except I know I took a cab there and I know I had some kind of business there. And this man was kind of helping me find my way around, and then all of a sudden things started beeping as though there was going to be some kind of alarm that sounded. And I got all nervous and jerky, and I told the man about it and he didn't really seem to get it. He was ______ with it. And apparently on the top floor there was this main like control room where this lady in charge of everything sat, and she had like a co-pilot, if you will. And I wanted to talk to her. The only way I was going to really relax about this is if I talked to her and let her know. And so as time went on, the man started to catch on to what I was so worried and scared about, and he started to help me rush faster and faster to get up to this office and this lady. And there so many other interesting little things along the way that I just don't remember. And then I got to the lady's office and I don't remember what happened up there, but I remember finally feeling safe, like I was in a place where if the alarm went off, I wouldn't really hear it that well. And I was also feeling safe in that we were kind of out of the way of all the chaos of what was going on because it was pretty crazy in there. That's all I remember.