I was being given a chance to play at Pizza Factory or someplace like that, and I was sitting at home trying to work up some theater organ arrangements that I hadn't touched in a god's age. And I was trying to be wildly optimistic about that would go and what was going to come of it, that I could whip up five or six arrangements in like a week. And at home my organ console was a horseshoe like a real theater organ, but it sounded the same, and I was thinking how I hadn't even had the tremulants on in months or years. And for some reason at home the floor was crooked. It slanted down. You started at the north end of the living room and the coffee table was up high, and then as you went further to the south, the floor just slanted and slanted and slanted. So I remember sitting at the organ and feeling like I was tilted for some reason and that was why. And I remember thinking, "Gee, this is strange. I wonder if our house is going to collapse or cave in." And I was working on an arrangement from "The Little Mermaid" and I had this drawing that it was like already printed and I had colored it. It was like two crabs, it was like Sebastian and these other two orange crabs and Ariel, and there were like hearts and flowers in the background and it was all in a heart-shaped cut-out of a paper. And I had it up on the organ to kind of inspire me, I guess. And I was remembering a story that wasn't really in the movie, but apparently from some sequel that I had made up in my imagination, like I always do in dreams. And apparently this sequel was where Ariel was a human and then she came back down to the sea and she was Sebastian and they had a whole big reunion and everything. And I can't remember what more there was to it. I just remember sitting there trying to work feverishly on these arrangements and trying to get them all in in a certain amount of time and the floor being crooked and things kind of going whacko and people were coming in and kind of disturbing me, and I was wishing they'd all just get lost and let me practice and work without any interruptions. And then I woke up.