somehow Mom had won us tickets to go to the new Celine Dion Las Vegas show, but even though that I felt that it was that show, it had come to a venue that was either Eastport or Bayfront or somewhere close by our neighborhood. And the first scene we were there pretty early so that you could park and get a good spot. And people were running around doing a sound check, and I was having excited because we were going to get to hear the sound check. But it wasn't anything interesting like the sound checks that we hear that she does. It was just the technical crew like checking mikes and lame stuff like that. So somebody said they had three pencils, of all things, and somebody wanted somebody to volunteer to go deliver them to Celine's dressing room, and I thought that would be pretty cool. And I had a feeling like it was a place where she lived, like almost like she lived at the venue, kind of like at Cesar's, how she lived for a while. But as Mom and I and, of course, I volunteered, so as Mom and I were walking down the hall to go down the elevator, I realized that, first of all, they didn't tell us where to go, and second of all they didn't give us anything in writing or any kind of a pass so the people wouldn't believe us when we told them what we were supposed to do. So we decided we had to go back to the lady who gave them to us and get something more from her, or have her call somebody or something like that. But next thing I knew, we were out at the car. I guess we had moved it or something and Mom had parked it at kind of a crazy angle in a driveway. And we were sitting on the curb next to it because they wouldn't let us back in the parking lot because they were either resurfacing it or an accident happened or something. So there were all kinds of emergency vehicles going by, and some of them just had their lights and some of them whooped their sirens kind of intermittently like they do in a parade. And I was pretty nervous and jerky. I was sitting in Mom's lap, kind of covering my ears, trying to back as far from the road as I could and all that excitement kind of wore me out. I remember feeling really worn out after that. And then next thing I knew, we were back in the show. The place was different than what it was when we started out when we were there for sound check, it was like a real stadium kind of auditorium, and now it was like a school cafeteria. And I had the feeling that there were going to be all these other singers there, kind of like one of those TV specials where they have a lot of singers. And we were going to, I think Celine was going to sing like one song and then like be a part of two or three others. And I remember enjoying the other singers, but I remember being a little disappointed. And we were like way at the side so I couldn't see anything, and there were these cafeteria tables rather than regular auditorium seats. And people that I knew -- like Dr. Toronto and Mr. Setzer were in the front taking pictures and diddling around and stuff. And then I think after that I woke up before too much of the show was underway.