I was at a place that was a little bit like the Jungle Park Gift Shop that was there before they renovated and made it all different. And it was kind of like that, and it was kind of like Bizarro's and it was kind of like the Mosey thing that we went to when I was little, and it was kind of like the Pier Aquarium. And there was a, I was with Vince and Lizzy Gardner, who apparently -- I'm not even really sure who they are, but they're related to Dad's side of the family somehow. And I barely know them, but I had the feeling that I was with them and we were walking around looking at things. We started like in a very back part where it was pretty well lit and there was a bakery, and we were looking around at pies and things. And there was this pudding that they called Ginger Bluing because it was blue pudding. And I think we were walking down an aisle and there was like a b_______ elephant ride kind of like the horse that used to be at Jungle Park. And then I was looking at a fish tank and it was this -- they set up this long rubbery thing that you would sit on and slide down to look at all the different fish in the fish tanks that were going by. And I was laying on my stomach and looking down at a fish tank and was putting my hand in the fish tank trying to catch a goldfish or touch one or something. And I would look up and I would see all kinds of lights along the ceiling kind of like the Coliseum. And then we were walking again with Vince and Lizzy and I didn't have my cell phone. I think Mom and Dad had my purse and they had kind of separated from us. And somebody had called for me on my phone, and it was like a college recruiter. I had the feeling that it was somebody from Modern Media College, but they didn't actually say it. They said it was some other name. And Dad was like, "What are doing calling? You give all of our young people all kinds of delusions. There aren't any jobs to be had out there anyway." And then he passed it over to me, and I said, "Well, I'm with family I haven't seen in a really long time, so I'm not going to talk now," and I just hung up. And that was all I could really remember. I think I got it a little out of sequence. I think the fish tank thing was last, but anyway, that was pretty strange.