I dreamed I was walking through the middle of New York City, yet it didn't really look too much like a city. There weren't enough tall buildings and people. I came to this area with a bunch of homeless kids, and one of the boys asked me if I'd be willing to trade a dollar for a quarter. After looking into my pocket I found I had several hundred dollars with me, so I gave him my dollar. I told him he could keep the quarter but he gave it to me anyway. There was a girl, who upon seeing a bowl on top of a trailer, wondered if there was any food in it. Unfortunately, I had to answer that there wasn't any food in the bowl. Then the idea came to me that I could take her out of that ghetto area, I could show her a better life, and we could have some fun. So I asked her if she'd like to come with me, and I admitted I had some money. She said she would. For some reason one of her friends came with us too. We were walking, and I decided to ask for her telephone number. She gave me a really weird answer, although it did start with my area code; it was something like: 611-832f-9,dt. I told her I didn't know there was a comma on the telephone, and she told me she didn't either (after looking at the telephone, I found it was one of five or six symbols below the "0" key). She told me that was the number for her dorm, or something like that, but I didn't even think that she's homeless and probably wasn't old enough to go to college. I lost sight of her at one point and decided to call her on one of the many nearby phones. Of course, when I called the number you can expect that I'm not really calling a telephone, I'm calling HER- that is, the nearest telephone to her would probably ring. But I guess just about when I picked up the phone, she came into view and I told her I'd been looking for her. So, then we went to the amusement park, and got on a ride where you're sitting down, up to your waist in water. I don't know what the ride was supposed to do. But at that point, the girl (if, in fact, I did know her name, it was probably Julia, because that's the first name that comes to mind when I thought of her), the girl started floating in the air. It seemed a rather normal experience, and I said, "Oh, no, how do we stop her from floating?" I don't remember what happened after that, except that she was gone. Then, just outside the amusement park, there was a computer, a very eccentric type of computer. I was typing song lyrics into the computer. They were my own song lyrics, and I was amazed that I was typing really good lyrics without really thinking about what I was typing. I often try to write song lyrics in real life, but they never sound just right, even though I think deeply about what I'm going to write. But here, miraculously, these perfect song lyrics were being typed out by me (I'm not sure how good they would have sounded if I heard them in the physical world). There was an interesting little program on this computer that allowed me to integrate the lyrics into an actual song, just by pressing a button. The lyrics sounded excellent when put to music- in fact, I think the voice I heard singing my lyrics was none other than Steven Page, lead vocalist for Barenaked Ladies. It was my own song, yet it sounded like something Barenaked Ladies might have done- one of my real life goals (to write a song comparable to Barenaked Ladies)! Well, the next thing I remember is being in a room, and seeing the girl that just floated away on me. There were a few other people there, and I just sat down, on a couch opposite the one she was sitting on, and waved.