All my family members were out of character: my grandfather was setting up a marriage between myself and someone I've never met. I really didn't want to do it, but I wanted to know if I might possibly have known that person, and I was extremely curious as to what the whole thing was about. I was promised we'd go out to eat afterwards, if it got over early enough. It didn't- I don't think she ever showed up (I never expected her to), and I was upset- I had my mind set on a certain restaurant, and when I found out we had to eat at home, I was furious. Then, we were at home and my family went out for something. I remember trying to make strawberry milk while they were gone- I started using hot water from the faucet, and then when I realized it was regular milk, not meant to be hot, I tried to turn on the cold water but the coolest it got was luke warm. I didn't want them to catch me making strawberry milk, although my brother was there. Then, my family was home, and I noticed I was naked, so I grabbed a towel from the doorknob before they walked into the door. (Then, I was in my kitchen. It was night, and being slightly lucid at this time, I asked my mother to teach me telekinesis. Then, I also mentioned wanting to learn to materialize objects in a dream. She tried to teach me how to open and close the cabinet door without touching it. Also, she gave me a "magic paintbrush" that would change pictures and writing on paper, automatically. I asked about real things and I was amazed that it worked from a distance. (But now, I remember all it did was add small stars to the cabinet door. I wasn't thinking of anything to reproduce at that time, so that might be the problem.) So, at that time I left the door with my paintbrush (which I never used again). I didn't really like the idea of a paintbrush- I would rather have just learned to close my eyes to materialize something. Anyway, I was soon in a strange land that looked more like a game reality than real life. I was starting to feel completely lucid. I asked myself some questions about my waking life, but I couldn't think of which questions to ask. There was this part of the environment that was underwater- you'd have to open a door and swim into it. Amazingly the water didn't drain out into the other room (I guess it wasn't so amazing at the time). As I swam through the area, a voice said, through an intercom: "At this point, the water is only about 8 feet deep, which is exceedingly low compared to the rest of the ocean." is a good paraphrase. It did look a lot like an ocean- lots of underwater plants and creatures. On the other side, I saw my cousin. I told her she was dreaming, and she said, "No, I'm not." I gave her reasons to believe it was a dream. Then I said, "Can people fly?" "Yeah," she said. Someone else jumped about 3 inches into the air, trying to demonstrate. I thought they might have thought I meant "in an airplane" or something like that. So I said, "watch" and I flew about 3 or 4 feet into the air, as easy as can be, and came down. Then, after running out of things to say, and reasons why she could be in a dream, I told her, "Here, think about it, and if you end up realizing you're in a dream, when you wake up CALL ME." Then I patted her on the back, and left. I came to this place with a lot of seats, and a lot of people. Then I came to this really cute, little black girl who might have just been sitting down, but I thought was in a wheelchair. I thought I knew her, and she thought the same. I kissed her on the cheek and asked her how she was. She asked me why I came back. I didn't really understand what she was asking (I thought maybe she was mistaking me for someone else), but I told her, "to see family and friends." Then I told her, "You're one of my best friends in the world -- no, you ARE my best friend." And I promised her I'd be back to spend more time with her. At that point I felt like I knew her. Then, I was walking and I remember feeling slightly dizzy in the head. Everything was still very clear, but I could tell I was losing consciousness and wouldn't be in the dream much more than a few seconds. So I sat on the ground and took hold of a table. Then I remembered the spinning theory, and spun on my feet for a while. I was trying to remember all this for when I woke up, and I remember recording that I was spinning for 30 seconds. After that, I wasn't feeling dizzy any more. I don't remember what happened after that, or I might have just woken up anyway.