I'm in a library that looks very much like the Plainview High School library, and I'm looking through a box of old books about subjects like astral projection and witchcraft. I spotted the names of relatives of Jamie in one of the witchcraft books: I remember her first name was "Jenny" and then someone else named "S. Spinney" was in it too. I'm not sure of what significance these names actually are, but since I remember them I thought I'd include them. I remember going up to my old female teacher, in this outdoor sort of library place, and I started asking her if she knew anything about the "S's" and she said they have a long family history of witchcraft and she knew them well. I found Jenny S. was a lot like Jamie in many ways, from one of the books. The whole thing was almost like a mystery I was figuring out. Then I found Jamie lying down. I asked her to get up, and she said she'd been sunburnt or something like that. Still, I tried to persuade her to get up, which she did. When she found out I was researching her family history, I think she felt I was betraying her. Then I remember having a guinea pig, or other little creature in my hand. Some people told me to go over by the lake, which I did and soon realized it wasn't the best idea- people were throwing rocks at me (people I knew and didn't trust). It was hard to get away from the lake without falling in. I was just hoping that the little animal wouldn't be hurt at all. The animal and I both ended up being fine. Then I was in either Spanish class or history class. The teacher was sort of a mix between a Dell and a Lamacchia (at first he was more like Dell, gradually becoming more like Mr. Grant). I guess I'd chosen to do my final Spanish exam again because I didn't think I did very well the first time. I did even worse the second time, however. Then we were playing something on the board, something like the "Wheel of History" game we used to play in Mr. Grant's class, but not quite. Then I remember playing "hide and go seek." Everyone was going around and hiding, or something, and I went into this small room where I found Jamie. I couldn't describe what, but I knew she looked different. I kept telling her I was only there to be her friend and listen to her.