I remember a violent dream about someone trying to hurt Janice with a knife or similar device. I don't remember much of this, but the next thing I know, a guy across the street from my house is aiming a gun at me. I get behind someone else, or try to escape, but I can't move very fast. I think I wake up. I fall back asleep. At this time, I've found a gun somewhere, and I pull the safety so now if I push the trigger, it will shoot. I try to figure out how to put the safety back on because I'm afraid I'll shoot somebody. I almost pull the trigger a couple times. I go outside, and my cats are out there- I accidentally aim the barrel at them. I want to shoot the gun somewhere safe. I'm heading over toward my shed and the gun starts to shake a bit. Extremely hot liquid comes out of the gun, and it hurts- I feel it's punishment from God for something- I think I hear a voice from "God" saying this. I try to shoot, but my hand is numbing. I feel the gun is about to blow up, so I throw it. It blows up, I run inside the house, and it sounds and looks like a series of bombs going off. I'm afraid, it's starting to bomb right next to my house and it's penetrating. The house is about to start on fire. I'm right near the phone and call "911". I wake up. I fall asleep. Then, I'm in Europe again- I don't remember exactly what was going on, except that a group of us were traveling through Europe. I remember being in France, and possibly Italy and Germany. We're doing a lot of walking (mostly through fields and forest; I don't remember walking through any cities or areas of civilization) and it's an adventure. I offer to carry this tired girl on my back for a while, and it didn't really take much effort. Then I realized that maybe she wanted to come down and walk a bit, and so I let her down. I don't remember exactly who it was- it could have been Bernice, Monica, Janice- most likely Bernice. But anyway, I remember being in this restaurant, trying to order some food. I can only find Italian Lire and other currencies but I need French Francs. Then, I'm still walking but almost home. I'm at this house not very far from my house, and this guy is begging for money outside. I don't remember exactly what happens but I give him money, then go inside his house for some reason, and then he threatens to shoot me and I'm running out really fast.