I'm going somewhere to spend a week or two. I don't remember where it is, but as soon as I get in, I tell this big man what group I'm staying with. He yells at me, "In there! In there!" and spits a lot of saliva on me. I go in to use a sink to wash myself off, and the guy comes into our room and says, "Ok, I want everybody on their beds! Face down! Right now!" I really didn't like this, and was thinking about calling my mother to take me away from this place, or just running away. There was no telling what this guy would do to me if I stayed. Then, as soon as he left the room, I called this girl from the other side of the room over to my bed. The big man comes in again, this time a bit more subdued and smiles, saying to me something like, "I know you like girls, but..." in sort of a joking manner, but still with the kind of attitude that could start going crazy again any minute. Then, these two little girls each give me flowers. (Each of them is upset that the other gave me flowers.) One of the sets of flowers was small. The other was a bit bigger, and had writing in Spanish and French on it, with her phone number, email address, and I don't remember what else. I thanked both of them. I then remember climbing up the stairs to this really nice mansion, castle, or house. I don't remember the details. I'm holding Ruth's hand as we climb the stairs. I don't remember what happens in there, but when we come up, I see a colorful brick wall, painted with perfect yellows and reds. There were beautiful trees and a beautiful sky. Everywhere was beautiful. There are knobs somewhere. Somebody tells me to turn the knobs so that the scenery becomes brighter. I do, and it gets brighter and brighter. There's a different knob for every color. Then I make the greens brighter (although I think it would look better with a darker green). When the scenery is sufficiently brightened, a girl that I know very well (I can't remember who it is now) and her boyfriend are having some kind of competition. I hug her, and wish her good luck. I love her, but I'm not terribly jealous about her having another boyfriend. A scene I just remembered upon taking a shower this morning. It's another one of those "going back to Plainview High School to take classes not because I have to but because I can" dreams. I remember waking up (in a dream) at 9:00 in the morning. Lawrence was there, and he asked me if I was getting up. I was awake, but I had to do something before going to school, and I assumed it might not be until 9:30. According to him, the bus doesn't come until around 9:30. I remember going to the bus. I'm on the street and it went right by me and turned left. Somehow, though, I got to school. I remember Eva and Martha there- among one or two other people who I can't remember. We were writing a song. When it came time to play the song, I realized I had wasted my time painting a picture or working on some kind of 3D model. I was supposed to be doing percussion. Later I found maybe 10 different percussion devices around the room and realized I could have used those. Eva did a great job with piano. At this time I want to go down to Mrs. T's room to play around with 3D Studio.