The first thing I remember is "rendering reality." I don't exactly remember what this entailed the first time I did it, although it involved technology and made the world look much more "real". (It's dark, and I'm outside my house). In another part of the dream or sequence I did it a second time though, where turning on 6 switches (2 rows of 3) on the doorway of my house changed the amount of light streetlights were giving out (and changed the number of streetlights that were giving out light. This time I'm disappointed, because it's still very dark. The last time I remember doing this "reality rendering" it got very light, so I could see everything around me. This time it wasn't nearly as bright- maybe as bright as a normal waking life streetlight. There were other lights that seemed to be coming from the sides, and the sky, which were not as strong as the normal streetlights but there were many of them and my switches controlled these. Then, I remember eating with some people from my school and forgetting my sandwich at or near the table (coming back to grab it later). A phone call from some girl at school, telling me something, none of which I remember. I thought I knew her by her voice, but by the end of the call I wasn't sure. I go outside, and I am walking (or flying) out to a city that is only a few streets away from my house. I want to use a computer to do some "reality rendering," but I find there are some problems with the computer. I do, however, remember a plastic strip that might have contained electrical information to be read by the computer on the geography of the physical world (which could be used to change my dream world into an exact copy of, or even into the physical world). At this time I am not aware I'm dreaming, consciously, but I am conscious enough to know it's a dream. Somebody tells me to wait around- somebody will try to fix the computer. I decide I'm in a dream, and don't really need this rendering mechanism. I decide I'm going to go and have some fun while I can. In the next segment, I'm leaving my house, suddenly become really lucid, and I head up to Katherine's house. On my way there (it's just a few houses down from mine), there's a man driving a truck down Oak Road, who I hear is looking for retribution on old enemies (from a telepathic voice, or something). I'm a little scared, but I'm not sure it's me he's angry at. I'm not sure I'm still lucid. He drives right up into the driveway or yard of the brown house on the left, hastily turns back toward me, this time with the steering wheel on the opposite side from me. He gets out, and I find it's Joe Pesci. He starts shooting a gun at me, and I try to use his truck as a shield, pleading with him not to kill me. I don't remember what happens, but he shot a lot of bullets and none of them hit me. Then, I'm walking down a street. There are some other people there (friends, dream friends, I don't know). I see my grandfather's old car, and upon coming closer to inspect it, it's not the same car. Then I walk into Gail's house, where there are various people there. I can't really see very well, and wonder if it has anything to do with just having been in the bright sun. I ask for Gail and someone directs me to the right into another room. She's sitting or laying down on the floor. I touch her face, but I can barely feel it. My lockmold* isn't very strong. I have a short conversation with her about a movie and say, "Do you wanna act it out?" I wake up, realizing it's 11:00 a.m.