I am in a place that I think is a local baseball field, but it's still a bit different. There's a girl with red hair, and I ask her where she's from. She says the name of some Spanish sounding city beginning with P, and I somehow knew she was Hispanic before I asked her. I asked if she's lived in the United States since birth, and she says, " No." For some reason, she laughs continually about the fact that I'm paying so much attention to her. She says she'll see me at Model UN. Then I'm in a room where a model United Nations meeting is about to start. I was confused by the time of year. It seemed too early in the year for the nearby university United Nations to be taking place. I was hoping I hadn't missed something, because I haven't even done research. I didn't even know what country I was in. Then, I realize we were just having a "draft" to choose the countries we would be representing. I see a few students from Plainview High, including Riley. I think I talk to him, but I don't remember the conversation right now. We go to another room with a big table and chairs around it. I sit, and it looks like the red haired girl is going to sit next to me (I don't know why I thought that) and her friend comes over and tells me what sounded like, to some extent, "Stop flirting with her." Now I'm bringing a suitcase downstairs out of an unfamiliar school. I decide to take a different stairway than everyone else at one point, and come out in essentially the same place, one floor higher. Down on the bottom floor, ushers are showing us what direction to go for various buses. I wanted a bus to the other parking lot, but I don't remember what direction to go. I go inside the building, where Mrs. Lear is there (in a conversation) and there's a computer terminal right by the door. So, I log into my account and send her a message asking which direction to go. Unfortunately, I get a reply but realize I asked the wrong question (I instead asked something like, "Where are the buses on the left going?" rather than, "How to I get to OUR buses." Well, she's still standing there, and I don't want to bother her again, so I shyly say, "Thanks, Mrs. Lear" and walk out the door.