I see a city. My brother asks if it's Boston, and then I think for a minute and realize we're right outside of Paris. I am now in a large group of people, and there are Nazi's around trying to throw bombs at us. For me, it's a life and death situation. I start running, and I'm not hit. All of a sudden I hear (something like): "13 deaths; 53 injuries," and I'm wondering how they knew that already, less than a second after the bomb has exploded. Then I'm wondering if they have spies for each and every one of us, keeping track of personal information. This scared me, because they knew exactly where I was, and that I wasn't hurt in the last bomb attack (so maybe they'll make an extra effort to get me in the next one). I return, and people start kidding me because apparently, I had been running with Albert Einstein and the Nazi's didn't want to bomb him because of the great benefit he's been to society and science. Since I was with him, they didn't want to take a chance at bombing me and killing both of us. So, Mr. Einstein served well to keep me alive. I found a little bird, extremely tiny, in my living room. I picked him up, trying to look for a box to put him in, because I feared for his safety. Then, I saw the mother bird, and my grandfather's cat, Doc, in the bathroom. I didn't think Doc would try to attack the bird, then got nervous and picked her up. I don't remember what happened. I remember a mouse (did Doc turn into a mouse?) and putting it in the bathtub, heating it like a microwave for some reason, and then looking for the mouse- which I couldn't find afterwards. Then, I'm home from school. Then I'm at German customs, and I've forgotten my passport at home (maybe this takes place directly after the Paris conflict, I don't remember). I see a telephone, and try calling home. I keep dialing wrong. I see my brother, my father, and my uncle here, and I want to pretend I don't know them. I call my mother and she tells me she knew I'd forget my passport. My uncle asked if I had it, but she assumed I did and didn't check before I left. Now, I think those three might have brought my passport, but they don't talk to me, and they don't give it to me. I find myself ordering haddock (or some other kind of fish), and by the middle of the meal I wonder why I ever ordered fish. The more I think about it, the more disgusting it was.