I am entering Plainview High School, and I have a big duffle bag with me (which I soon lose). I decide to attend some classes since the school year is almost over, and nothing can happen to me for not turning in homework assignments since it's not really my school. I see the classes posted on an electronic board, but I don't know the period with which we're starting. Soon I'm in a section of the school which I've never seen before in waking life, but I think I've seen it at least once before in a dream. There are a lot of stairs going down, and suddenly there is a discontinuity in the stairs for about 10 vertical feet, and below there are more stairs. I don't remember trying to "jump" down to the other set of stairs in this dream, but I think I might have jumped in another dream. Now I am in a room, which looks somewhat like it could be either the library or the art room. They are taking pictures of two people at a time, for some reason. I think it has something to do with a project we are doing. I think I'm trying to dance, and then I move over to the other side of the room to dance. Barry and Stephanie are dancing to some different type of music. They tell me what it's called (and I don't remember the name), but it sounds to me like some really fast moving heavy metal. I start dancing with Stephanie and I realize how fun dancing to this type of music is. I think she's surprised that I'm actually dancing to it, but I don't remember exactly what I think she's thinking at the time. Then, she goes out into the hallway, and there is a bed down at the end. I don't remember if she's angry at me, or what was going on, but I see her under the sheets and ask her if I can take them off. She said I could, so I pulled them off her face. I complimented her until she got up, and I think started crying. She walks over to the nearest room, tells (the teacher?) that she's sorry for everything she might have done (over the course of forever?). I think I've done something to allow her to change, and I feel good for that reason. Now I'm in another room where people are bouncing on this (air or water filled?) wrestling ring type of thing. I'm inside, and when Louise comes in I'm disappointed (although she looks more "innocent" than she usually does- maybe she looks like someone else I know). I get out, and the next thing I remember is seeing Riley I try to be funny, but nobody seems to think what I'm saying is funny. He makes a certain comment, and I run into a small food store, thinking it's appropriate humor based on what he just said, but nobody's laughing. I see a big, chocolate cupcake (which in the dream I call a "muffin"), and I want to buy it. I have some money in my pocket and I ask how much it costs. The lady says somewhere between $3 and $4, and since I have a $5 bill I give it to her. I'm surprised it costs under $5. I also remember Mr. Pons trying to rush a bunch of us into a bus, and I remember not having my bag and wanting to look for it. I I rush back into the school to try to get it in time to catch the bus. I don't remember if I ever found my bag, but I did forget to go back to the bus.