I see Mrs. Wallace (art teacher) and she's talking to other art teachers about how the "art classes" she teaches is really basic mathematics. I don't think I take that literally, but I do understand that there's a lot more to do after getting out of high school art classes. Then I'm in Mrs. Pappas's physics class, who actually looks very similar to Mrs. Wallace, and I'm doing a powerpoint or web page presentation on everything from baseball to dreams. The strange thing is that I didn't think I finished the page, but somebody seemed to have finished it for me. Although it wasn't exactly finished very well, it looked like it was possibly enough to get by. I remember talking and talking, and realizing I'd only started talking about the first subject so I decided to briefly mention every other subject in the remaining minute or so I had left. I didn't realize my mother was there watching the presentation, who comments about it to Mrs. Pappas afterwards. Then, I'm talking to Mrs. Jones, another teacher. It's a one on one conversation but all the kids seem to be watching intently. I had a bag with me and told her I wanted to get rid of all my notebooks. She started telling me how good they were for "easy reference" and everything like that, and I mentioned they're not all my notebooks (and I'm not throwing all of mine away) someone else had just given me a notebook to throw away for them. Then she asked me why I'm always acting so serious. Then I see Mr. Pons (who always seems serious, but is always using his dry humor to joke about everything). He says something, so I then shout out "Pon-SON!!!". I make another joke and then look for my bag, which I find is gone. Mrs. Jones had apparently taken it down to the office or something to donate it to some organization, but I needed some of the stuff in that bag that was still important and I rushed to find her. I saw a school secretary smoking, and wondered why the school was considered smoke-free if she was allowed to do that.