I'm in a building that might have been Plainview High School, but I didn't recognize most of the rooms. There is a big room, like a large college lecture hall with green seats, and I guess it is the room where we hold our junior class meetings. Mr. Ramey, my class advisor at Plainview, is there. There was a meeting about how to change the way classes are run. Some people, such as Riley, were throwing out ideas, but they weren't that great. I was disappointed this meeting had caught me by surprise, because I could have come up with much better ideas. Unfortunately, I felt incompetent to speak at this point. I knew I had some good ideas but didn't feel I could get them out in words without first organizing my thoughts. At the meeting, I talked to a girl for a few minutes, who leaves the room as soon as the meeting is over. She says something before she leaves, and leaves some of her stuff lying on a desk. I read one of the papers that is left, and it appeared to be a note to me, inviting me to call her sometime. Apparently she had forgotten to give it to me. She'd left, and I wasn't sure if she really forgot, or what was going on. I don't think I took the paper though. Then I'm definitely at Plainview looking for my class. I need to know what period is going on, but I can't find the office to ask anyone. The office seems to have moved, and I find something that looks like the office, but couldn't be sure it really was. The lady says that the school rules have changed, and another lady says they've been in the process of changing ever since before I was born (she seemed proud of the fact). She tells me I can go to whatever class I want to, and don't have to be limited to any scheduled class, because that's the new rule. I think maybe one of the ladies offers me ice cream. All of a sudden I'm munching on some vanilla (maybe some chocolate in it, too) ice cream. Not in a cone, or cup, just melting all over my hands. I see Christina Ricci there. I offered her some hand melting ice cream, thinking she probably wouldn't accept the melting stuff, and I was surprised to see she did.