I am on a bus. Mrs. Lear is there, and I also remember Penelope, Sara, and others mostly from Plainview High. I talked a bit with a girl I didn't know. Eventually she turned into a beautiful cat or kitten. There are some empty seats on the bus right next to each other, so I want to talk to somebody else and sit with her, I just can't decide who that would be. I want to talk to Sara (who has actually moved away) about something that happened years ago, about which I don't have her side of the story, but I decide it wouldn't be that interesting to talk about it anyway. Suddenly I see Kerry and this alerts me that I'm dreaming. I think, "Great, I can put this in my dream journal!" I decide to leave the bus. I call, "Hey, A." and I tell the driver to stop. We get out. So, we're in what I probably think is France. I hug her and remember not wanting to let go. She disappears in my arms. Then, there's a building, possibly a museum. I remember parts of the building labeled "castle" for example, and there was also a gift shop. I went into the bathroom. For some reason that I can not fathom, Wayne Dyer was there telling me if I change the sign on the door, I can change where I am when I open the door. He changed it to a medical museum of some sort, and I came out to see an interesting display, although I didn't feel like reading what it was. Then I remember being outside, and finding out the police are looking for me and two others. I try to get away. I run in every direction (this was very weird, at first in this dream; I can't explain it) and then I just decide to keep running. I run through a fence door that was fortunately open, probably over yet another fence, then into the woods. I hear a guy yelling something in French I now recall sounded something like "avez moi" but I take it to mean, "I'm armed." I think this is another guy they're looking for, probably a burglar or murderer or something. I gladly run back to where I was to escape being killed, and by the time I get back outside the building the police are there. Someone tells me I ran a red light, and I'm only getting a fine. Then, I'm in a mall, walking through a book department and by some people I know. Then, I see Kerry #2 and we talk for a while, although I can't remember the conversation. The next thing I know he's having fun with my brother and he and my entire family are in the back seat of a vehicle. (?). Then, I'm in a car, someone gets out and there are a couple books on the passenger's seat: a book that looked like "The Boy and the Girl" and another. My CD's were probably in the car too, and I wanted to lock the car to prevent them from being stolen.