I'm going to a party at Laura's house. I'm wearing a costume, half penguin (my bottom half) and my top half was probably a wizard costume (which I do have physically) because in the dream I think I referred to myself as "the penguin wizard". A lot of people laughed at my costume (not at me!). Then I am at Plainview High, presumably. I see Ms. L. (old Spanish teacher) and realize she isn't dead (like I thought in a previous dream). Joey and Herman are there and I start speaking Spanish to them. I was asking them things like "Que' es un parajo? Pues, un parajo es un animal." Then I said something like, "Tiene pies muy grandes." Ok, not all "parajos" (birds) have big feet, but maybe I was just talking about penguins. Then I said in English that I don't know how to say "penguin" in Spanish and consulted my dream Spanish dictionary. I thought it was very interesting that the Spanish word for penguin, according to my dream, was "la manera" which in English translates to "the way." This part gets a little weird. I'm in the living room, sitting on the couch and Grandpa is there. I realize it's September, and can't believe the school year has hardly started. Grandpa asks Paul what his name is, and he gives a false name (I don't remember what he said). He spells it out for him with a straight face although he's joking. Then, I remember Eva said she had a crush on Paul (under his other name) and asks me what she should tell him. I said, "First you can tell him he's a liar because his name's not [insert false name here]." The next thing I know, I have received a gift. At first I think it's from my aunt and then I see it's from this family that I haven't seen in years and with whom I don't have a great relationship. The title of the "poster" was "Grown-up Cliches". Then, I see another regular poster, "Video Games Through the 20th Century," where there was a picture of a video game for each year between 1900 and 2000. I knew there were no video games in 1911, but there was still a game shown. In the picture was snow, and a building that looked like it could have been an igloo. I thought maybe the poster was about games about events occurring during those years (WWII in 1940, et cetera).