I am at Plainview High School cafeteria, and one of the Spanish teachers asks for her "sal" (salt) in Spanish. I want to order in Spanish something that looks like chicken (later I find out it's bread), but for some reason Spanish just seems too familiar to me, and I can't resist the urge to try ordering in French, "Je vais avoir de poulet." Of course I don't know if the lady there speaks French. Instead, upon closer look, I see that the "chicken" is really bread. Then, I ask the lady what the pocketed sandwich is and she says it's spaghetti. I pay the lady although I don't remember if I got much more than a drink and sit with Mark?, Josh and others. I put my can of soda on the table and Josh slides it off the side. It's all over the floor. We're about to leave the cafeteria and the superintendent is standing there. We think we're in trouble but nothing really happened. We turned around (I don't know if he said anything to us) but we're soon in this part of the school I've never seen, nice booths and tables, restaurant style. These facilities are not being used, and all the students are made to use the lousy cafeteria. Now we see two boys, who were in trouble for some other reason, and they are told to clean up the spill. I see my school guidance counselor. Then I'm on something like a waterslide. I don't know how I got there, but when I get down I ask how I get back. Somebody tells me to climb back up the slide. I start climbing up, but then there's this really steep part of the slide that I reach (where, according to common sense, somebody might fly down at 100 miles per hour and kill me, and I probably wouldn't be able to get up it anyway). So, I just slide down the part I climbed. It wasn't that I really had to get back to where I was. Then, I remember a character who looked like a bit of a cross between Gail (female) and Mike (male) but it was a female. She asked the question, "If I held your hand for 15 seconds, would you go out with me if I asked?" Nobody raised their hand. I was going to but didn't. I think she was trying to convey that it's easier to say yes to something like that when you're holding the person's hand.