I find out somewhere that a new academy is being built. It was actually a dream about a prophetic dream, because I thought I had dreamed about the precise name of the school and it was now coming true. I walk by Rachel and her friend. I was going to tell her about my dream, but decided to just walk by her and pretend I didn't see her. Next, I remember being at the Academy. I have both electronics and chemistry projects due the next day. I had my projects lying on a table, which included a few chess pieces, and Noah threw it all away. I was extremely upset. Apparently, we had been told to throw away everything that was left on the table, but Noah was taking it to the limit. I didn't dig it out of the trash. I went and told Mr. Rosetti about my problem instead. He started talking about the project being due on Friday (it was Thursday) and it was as if he didn't hear anything I told him. I am now in a large room where I see a boy. I ask if he's a junior (since I've never seen him before) and he says he is. He has a bit of facial deformation and tells me he has a disease I can't pronounce. I asked him what it was, but I can't remember his answer. I just said "oh," because I couldn't think of anything else to say at that point. I also talked to a girl (I know her name but forgot it. Then later in the dream I tried to recall it again and the first name to come to me was "Samantha.") There is a doorway that opens slightly, and inside I find a spoon, which I take. There is some writing on the walls, which I write down hoping to be able to take it back with me when I wake up. Some gang members arrive (I can't remember if this was before or after finding the spoon). I try to ward them off with the spoon. They are carrying guns, and I take a guy's hand and aim the gun the other way while the trigger goes off, making sure they don't harm anyone. In the end, I think I take their gun, or they manage to lose it somehow. We are outside in the dark. Samantha is talking to one of the gang members and is about to walk away with him. I call her, "Samantha, I really like you!" and sort of pleaded, trying to stop her from going. She came over to me and we hugged each other. I told her, "I have a feeling we're going to get to know each other a lot better." She made a comment about going to a vocational school.