I'm in my grandfather's house. The police are looking for me for something I did (this whole part of the dream, for some reason, seemed like we were in ancient Rome but it was still my grandfather's house). The police find somebody else who seems to be a friend and take him in for questioning. I see this happening and think, "Wait, maybe they think I'm Carbon" (I could have also said "Carton"). We are all sad that my friend is being taken in, apparently for felony drug charges. I realize I might not see him in a long time. I take him to be living on Main St. in Plainview (who he is I still don't remember), but he can't even remember the town he lives in. I decide, since I'm not in any trouble, that I will leave the house. My mother asks where I'm going, and says I have to be back before dark for some reason (it was already getting pretty late). I say I'm going out for a walk and that I'll try to be home before dark. I see some people, like Carla and Eva (I don't nearly remember everybody) running. I try to catch up to them, but they're always just a little bit ahead of me. I finally catch up. I think I sort of hug Carla briefly in a fun kind of way and say something to her and she asks what I said. I tell her, "Never mind" because we're now all too busy throwing around and running with a bunch of balls. Sam catches up, he has a ball, and I kick it. I understand that he doesn't want me to touch his ball. Soon we're at this kiosk, maybe at a flea market. There's a white-haired guy selling a bunch of post cards, bookmarks, or something like that. The prices are all in French francs. I pull out my wallet and he asks, "Hey, is that one of those old peseta's? I really want one of those" I look at it and it says 100 pesetas, but I'm not sure it was that old. I'm about to give it to him, but then he offers me three of his "postcards" or whatever they are, with a picture of a certain kind of bird on the front- in exchange for the 100 pesetas. I accept, although I don't really want what he's trying to sell me. I then look to see if he's ripped me off by trading in another currency but I realize the amount I spent in pesetas seemed about equivalent to the listed price in francs.