I was walking across a green, rolling hill lawn on my way to meet Eliza. I was feeling a little nervous but I was determined to look at her and tell her about my feelings for her. When I was with her I was evasive. I hardly looked at her at all. She said she'd see me in a couple weeks and I left feeling disappointed in myself. Then I was on my way to see her again, determined that this time I would connect with her. I saw her in the elevator. She had her hair feathered back and she was wearing bright lipstick. She stood in front of me and started making out with me, but her energy was weird somehow. It wasn't romantic like I wanted it to be. I felt like she was taunting me. Then she went into an office. I was nervous. I felt like I had to freshen up in the bathroom, go outside and smoke a cigarette and relax, before I could face her. I lingered on the stairway in indecision. Then I found myself in a parking lot. I was driving a van and in a hurry to leave, thinking I've got to see Eliza. I saw my friend Beth wandering around the parking lot. She motioned to me and asked for a ride. I stopped and let her in. Then Beth was driving the van and I was on a motorcycle, like we had traded or something. I was upset because I couldn't confidently drive the motorcycle. I was afraid I was going to get myself killed. Cars were honking behind me and I could see the van driving away. I thought, "Oh no, now I'll never make it to Eliza in time." Then I was in a classroom. Eliza was teaching the class. I was sadly looking down at my notebook. Eliza said, "People like it when people they like look at them." I looked up and she was looking at me. Then everyone was leaving for some kind of field trip. I wanted to go with them, but I had an enormous load of stuff I was carrying. I had tons of overdue library books weighing me down and I was trying to figure out how I could carry it all. I thought maybe I could leave them in the classroom for now as long as I left a note with them, but it seemed like by the time I thought of that everyone was long gone and I wasn't sure I would be able to find them.