I was at my apartment getting ready to go to bed. I realized my apartment had an attic and there were a bunch of people up there partying. I went up the stairs and told them that I was getting ready for bed and that they should leave. They turned out to be vampires. They showed me their fangs and refused to budge. I said, "Listen, I didn't invite you here, you'd better leave." Just then there was a knock on the door, so I went downstairs and shut the stairway up. It was the landlord at the door. He was with somebody who was holding a clipboard and they wanted to come in. I told him that it wasn't a good time. I was wearing a t-shirt and underwear and about to go to bed. He insisted on coming in. I was afraid he would hear the vampires or find something wrong with the place, but I opened the door and let him in. My room was lit with a black fluorescent light. He walked through the apartment very quickly and said, "Very good. Thank you." He left. I got into my bed. I had been sleeping, but then I was awakened by a strange woman coming in. She took off her clothes and climbed in bed with me and wrapped herself around me. At first I thought it was Julie, but it turned out not to bed. She asked me if I remembered her name. I told her I was sorry, but I didn't. I got out of bed. There were three kittens and two other odd furry creatures. The creatures were about the size of large rabbits maybe, but they didn't have any ears. They had relatively large roundish heads and very intelligent-looking eyes. One of them had black fur with a streak of white, kind of resembling a skunk. The other one was a brownish color. I really took to the brownish one, and I decided I should give him a name. I said, "I think I will call you Shea. Is that all right with you?" He seemed very pleased with this choice of name and he nodded his head in approval. I decided to name the black and white creature Rom. I asked him if he liked that name. He ignored me and acted indifferently. Then another woman came in and said, "I'm here to get my minks." She was referring to the creatures. I was angry that she was taking them because of the fondness that I felt for Shea. I became really angry about the whole situation. I said, "What is going on here? What are all you people and animals doing in my house anyway? How did this happen?" I'm not supposed to have pets at my apartment and I noticed a kitty litter box. I was afraid my landlord may have seen it when he inspected the place. The woman took the creatures and left. Then I started bitching at the woman I had been in bed with about the kittens. She said, "Don't worry, I'll be out of here soon." I was angry and confused. I shouted, "How did my apartment come to be a hotel for people and their pets? I want to know what's going on." The woman told me to calm down. The two of us went outside. I decided to fly. She didn't think she could do it. I told her that what was happening had to be a dream because it made no sense and that in dreams you can do anything you want, if you believe. I struggled to clear my mind of limiting thoughts. I was having a little trouble getting off the ground. Within a couple minutes I was in the air and the woman soon joined me. I congratulated her on her success. As we hovered in the air I told her about how I used to have a hard time controlling my flying because I didn't know I could stop and hover. I used to be afraid of landing. I assured her that landing and hovering were just as easy as flying.