There's a woman. A bunch of people have walked outside a house. The woman goes into the house and gets behind this other woman who is getting ready in the bathroom. She stabs her in the back and kills her. One other woman besides me had witnessed the murder. The woman/witness tells me to make a run for it. I tell her to come with me, but she doesn't because she is convinced that the killer/woman knows she saw and if we both run we will surely both get killed. I make it safely outside the gate but I decide I can't leave without the witness/woman and I go back to save her. When I get there, the murderess is strangling her. Then she pulled her own shirt down over her arms to make her arms seem shorter. Somehow in the dream this meant that it would look like a smaller person committed the murder. In the dream I was about 16 yrs old and I was me but not me. The murderer/woman was planning to frame me for the murder. She told me if I even thought of running away or telling the police it was her she would kill me and besides no one would believe me anyway because I had no alibi. The police came and took me away, but it was all kind of a blur. I astral-projected from prison and noticed my clothes were still in the dresser drawers. No one was home. Then after I had served two years in prison I was released. My head was shaved and I was walking down the street with a man who was a combination of my dad and this guy John. All these memories come flooding in and I suddenly realize that my dad/John is in love with the murderer/woman and that they had planned the whole thing and set me up. As we are walking down the street I'm screaming, "She did it! You knew. You knew." My dad/John takes me home. I am reunited with my long-lost daughter who is about four or five years old. She is a beautiful little girl. I hold her in my arms, overwhelmed with joy and she is very happy to see me. I realize that she is the child of me and my father, though while I've been away in prison the murderer/woman and my father have been raising her. I look into the murderer/woman's eyes. I say, "I can't live here with this murderer." My dad/John is trying to cover the whole thing up and get me to shut up and pretend it never happened. The murderess/woman and my dad tell me there is no way they will allow me to take the little girl with me. It seems like for one thing they are afraid of the incest scandal getting out, in addition to the murder cover-up. I look at my daughter and it seems like they have been taking good care of her. She is happy and healthy. I notice that her face kind of resembles my little sister's, except her hair is brown like mine. I ask my dad if he will promise to take good care of  her. He says that "Of course he will." Then I think how can I trust him. Look at what terrible care he took of me.