This dream was epic, like a feature film in length, conjuring up a completely new world. As in many dreams, there seems to be multiple strands to the plot which aren't consistent with each other. Firstly I was at university - but it was unlike any I've been to before. The campus appears to be built inside the ruins of an ancient Greek or Roman city. I say ruins, however some of the buildings were still quite complete, like the student halls of residence for example. These halls were inside a huge circular building that was lined on the edge with a series of columns and a balcony or walkway that appeared to have little protection from the elements. There was also a huge drop to the ground to one side of the walkway, with only a stone balustrade for protection. This building was next to the sea and the waves were angrily crashing against the foot of the building several stories below. The building was of marble or some other stone and had been originally carved intricately, but the weather (and perhaps the sea) had eroded all the details and edges away, so it was ridged and knobbly but smooth. The stone was a honey color, very hard and matte like honey colored granite, but from a distance it had a soft luminescence a bit like porcelain. Inside the building, the actual student accommodation was a more modern re-fit done on the cheap. Partitions of undecorated ply wood and plaster board had been fixed up to divide the space into smaller compartments. It almost felt like a squat. In another strand to the plot, this building is where my friend Toby and his friend have their design studio. His friend is quite arrogant and appears to be the one in control. I seem to be joining their team at the point where they are about to present their new 'fantastic idea' to their new client. It appears to be an industrial design idea, and it is this: applying a thin layer of silver paint to things, thus creating the look of silver but at a low cost. I try to point out that the practice of doing this is already widespread and that this is no idea at all. But they are stubborn and ignore me. So we all go to the student shop to pick up some silver spray paint. The student shop is huge, like a mall, but full of stalls inside, like a market. It is apparently run by students. Some of the stalls are actually very expensively made glass cases set into mahogany dressers - like something you'd see in a Victorian jewellery shop. One girl is selling silverware. I ask her for an 18th century dagger. Amazingly she has one, but it's too small I say. She's dressed in an almost gothic way, but more theatrical, perhaps like a Victorian vampire. This place is bustling with students. The mall appears to be constructed sunk into the ground. The entrance is from above, as if descending down into an underground tube, except the whole thing is open. There seems to be only two very narrow sets of steps leading down and both are completely clogged up with people. There's a large plastic tube - perhaps it has something to do with construction (like the tubes you sometimes see going from the upper floors of a building to a skip). It is large enough to slide down, so that's how we get down, to avoid joining the long queue on the steps. Other stuff happened in this dream, but I can't recall the details.