I was in an institution - perhaps a prison or a prison camp. The prison incorporates several buildings and some fenced off land. The buildings were old. The interior decor seemed decades old, with formica fitted furniture, brown and split. In the dormitories there were bunk beds, acrylic curtains and cheap carpet tiles. There was a damp smell. I was living with a group of non-violent captives. We lived in unity - we seemed to get along. There was a communal area like a living room or common room with old sofas, a fire place, cheap ornaments and trinkets on the mantel piece. Across the yard (which was a muddy field) was another building that contained the more violent prisoners. It was a much more sturdy building made of brick and iron, and was surrounded by a security fence. Suddenly the door to our common room opened, and three men walked in, not in any rush. They had faces like psychopaths. The largest bearded one calmly started helping himself to things on the mantel piece and shelves around the room in front of perhaps 15 of us. He made confrontational eye contact with myself and anyone else who dared to look at him. His two sidekicks stood back and smirked at our inaction. None of us dared to confront them. They eventually turned and left, slamming the door, smirking. It reminded me of Clockwork Orange (the film). This incident broke the unity of our collective. We were all angry with one another that no one did anything to stop those thugs. The rest of the dream is fragmented: The thugs apparently came from the other building. We launched a retaliation which involved walking over there on mass ready for a confrontation. I think we were humiliated a second time - we were surrounded by murderers and psychopaths who wanted to have an excuse to kill us with their bare hands. There was also a scene back in our dorms with arguments breaking out about ownership of the top bunks, which were perceived as being more secure places to sleep compared to the lower bunks. I don't recall there being any guards or order other than a vague understanding about our fate, which was to stay in this place. Perhaps to try to leave would be severely punished by captors unseen.