In this dream I run a company with my friend Toby. I revisit a small stationery shop in a seaside town. A woman in her 40s with dark hair and a very confident and self satisfied attitude shows me round the shop. She tells me that when they took it over a decade ago, how awful the shop was - full of horrible designs and decor. What she didn't know was that those designs were Toby's and mine. The dream then cuts to the past. Toby and his girlfriend help me to set up the shop. We pour our time and money into the project. Toby's girlfriend sticks her oar in a bit too much, but we are proud of our achievements. The dream cuts back to the present. I mention as I'm leaving that the designs are mine. The woman goes a bit quiet but doesn't apologize. She almost finds it amusing. Toby and I go to a cafe round the corner which is owned by the shop woman's husband. He's italian and chubby with a big mouth and a big belly - a typical restaurant owner. He knows Toby, and he welcomes us in. He is also unaware of our design history. He tells us about some renovations he's done. "We had to strip-a out-a all this rubbish". He shows us some of the tiles that are based on a tessellating pattern of curves and circles that I designed. It turns out there's a third building that was part of our design past. It's a hall, like a church hall in town. We attend an evening party in this place- laid on by the stationery shop woman. At the party the hall has been set out like a design shop with stuff on plinths and low risers. There are several people wandering about with glasses of wine. A colleague, Lester, is there. He comes up and says hello. It turns out he also contributed to our shop. He had designed and made a large handgun fireplace, which is a metal disc which hangs on chains close to the floor. It is hanging in the hall, being used to hold stationery products - I notice they are products which I designed. Perhaps the woman didn't realize they were mine. Later my father turns up. He's there to see my place. There is a speech by some guy about the opening of the new place. The speech suddenly turns into a sermon. People in the crowd are donning little cloth skull caps. I look around and realize this place is a synagog and the people here are religious jews. After the speech there is a question and answer session, and my dad speaks up. He says something very embarrassing - something that attacks the jewish belief system. He has had a few drinks. It causes a scene. I try to shut him up, asking him why he feels the need to make these views know. He is unrelenting, saying that he has the right to express his opinion - he goes on about freedom of speech. I try to smooth it over by introducing my dad to a member of the 'congregation', who I recognize as a probable atheist - an old work colleague. He just looks a little embarrassed, and reveals to me that he is actually a practising jew.