My friend Ralph is getting married tomorrow. I'm staying in his house, in his room - perhaps on his floor. In the dream Ralph has a large old victorian house, perhaps in London. It's decorated in a kind of retro-cool style. He is marrying his real-life wife Kate. In the middle of the night I woke up (in the dream) and notice a mosquito on my arm, which I crush with a slap. I look around the dark room, my eyes adjusting. Ralph is not there. I walk quietly around the house - he is gone. But I am apparently his best man for the wedding taking place the following day, so I am concerned. I wake up my friends Terry and Reece who are sleeping in another room, and we go out to look for him. Eventually we find him at dawn in the garden of his future wife's previous house (which she moved out of today). Ralph is drunk - properly drunk, wandering like a tramp, and he's crying - tears are rolling down his cheeks. He's talking quietly to himself. We get hold of him and get the information out of him that his fiance Kate has been sleeping with another man on the night before their wedding. She had claimed that it was an old boyfriend, and it was going to be the last time, and that it was a mistake anyway, and that she had been kind of pushed into it. Ralph is devastated. We ask if the wedding is still going ahead. He doesn't know. He is in a dreamy state and seems to be having a nervous breakdown. We take him back home. I don't know if the wedding takes place or not. Ralph gets some sleep. There's a big party planned for the evening. Ralph and Kate want to go ahead with the party as if nothing has happened so we respect their wishes. People start turning up in the early evening. There are hundreds of people - mostly Ralph's friends, but also family. There's nibbles and drinks, and Kate flits about being a hostess. Ralph is uncharacteristically quiet. He slips out and hides in the bedroom for periods of time. At the end of the party there's another incident. I accidentally kick over a drink near the stereo, which blows out the electrics in the whole house with a bang. I open a hatch to go down into the cellar to look for the fuse box. When I get down there, I suddenly find myself surrounded by enormous rats or rodents - but they are white and fluffy and very calm, like pets. I still panic - I dare not move. Some of the 'rats' are on me. I shout out and people come down, and pick the animals off me one by one, taking them out of the house and up the street to release them.