I didn't know what set of circumstances had led to this situation, but I was in a grand bath, a millionaire's bath. It was big enough for me and four other adult women, and in this dream, that's exactly who was in the bath. I didn't know these women - perhaps they represented certain 'types' or were loosely based on real people - I wasn't sure. All I was sure of was that they were all beautiful and smiling - ie happy to be there, and I couldn't believe my luck. Just then my partner came in. I almost had a heart attack - it was a sitcom moment, and I was just about to try to talk my way out of the situation, but there was no need because she was also smiling. I was baffled. She seemed to know these other women and even seemed to know about, and approve of this situation. She bent over the edge of the bath and kissed me on the cheek saying "I've got to go out for the rest of the afternoon Lawrence - try to be nice to the girls and make sure you don't miss any of them out - be fair". "I will. I mean I won't". I was in shock. My partner then left. The girls seemed to have a ring leader who wanted my attention first. In a very matter of fact way they all worked out a rota - I assumed for sex. At first I assumed they were all going to stay and watch, but eventually three of them left in bath robes leaving the ring leader and myself in the bath. I waited to see what would happen next. She procrastinated, chatting as if she seemed to be waiting for something, perhaps for me to make the first move. I was too shy to make any moves so nothing continued to happen. The air was thick with anticipation, just as the bath was thick with foam. Eventually the other girls returned and collected their clothes and then all four wandered off - they all seemed to have grown bored, and I had blown this unlikely opportunity - it was like a plot line from Curb Your Enthusiasm. Later in the dream, there was another scene, set in the lounge of the same luxury apartment, but it was now 20 years later. I was an older man now, and my partner had died. I was on my own - I was a self-loathing old man. The door opened and the ring leader from the bath scene 20 years earlier entered the room. She said something like "Hello Lawrence. I didn't think we'd ever meet again." She seemed not to have aged much, and was devastatingly attractive still. But her external beauty was marred by a dark sneering character. "She is laughing at me inside" I thought. She looked at me with cold eyes and said "The other three will be here shortly. I thought I'd let you know. But we won't disturb you for long. We'll be gone soon enough." She seemed to have her own agenda - I had no idea what it was, but it had nothing to do with me. In a fit of self-pity and desperation I went into the bathroom, where I had met these women many years ago. The room hadn't changed - the luxury bath rugs, the shiny marble floor and walls. I fell to my knees in a fake collapse, grabbing the toilet roll as I went down, which unraveled into a pathetic pile of white toilet paper over my body. My call for attention was met with some success - the women all rushed in and picked me up, and carried me into the bedroom, and then laid me down on the bed. The lights were low. I had no idea what time it was - it may have been evening or night . Even though the apparent disdain from these women had disappeared, it was only replaced with a mild almost indifferent concern. To them this was a minor incident, and they called an ambulance to deal with me. The women then left, before the ambulance arrived, and I was once again alone, lying on the bed. The realisation that these women weren't even particularly bad people, that they just weren't interested in me was too much for me to bear. I had nothing. I felt humiliated and wanted to die. I thought of my late partner - of her face in the bathroom when she kissed me on the cheek 20 years ago. I had thought then that her actions and the kiss had meant it was ok for me to be with these other women but I had been wrong. This realisation crushed me to the point of suffocation. I lay still, listening for a sound from the world outside - any sound of life - but there was just silence.