I was in a huge gymnasium, and I was involved in some kind of indoor triathlon/games. You had to do the competition with a partner. My partner was my best friend from high school. After the first event, we both took a tab of acid. It was bright inside, so I put on sunglasses. They were polarized or something because they had all these weird horizontal lines in them. In one of the events, there was a line of about ten competitors, including my partner. They were standing side by side, with a few feet between them. Then the rest of us (the partners) stood in a line over them on the edge of an overlooking balcony. The gym was much like the one I had in high school. For our task, we had to jump off the balcony, land behind a competitor, jump up on his shoulders, then jump off and do a jumping roundhouse kick to their head. Then we had to run back up to the balcony and shift down in line until we did it to all ten or so of the competitors in the lower line. By about half way through this event, the acid started to kick in and I was getting a little nervous. On the last one, it seemed as though the balcony had increased in height. I don't know if it was drug induced or if the balcony was actually slanted to get higher on one side. I hesitated a little bit, then jumped and hit the ground really hard, but managed to finish. Because I hesitated, we didn't win the event. Afterwards, we had a lunch break. I forgot my lunch and my friend lent me some of his; I felt guilty. He took off his sunglasses, and I could tell that he was also high. An old research T.A. of mine was there, and she looked at us funny. I could tell she was suspicious of the drugs or something, so I acted normally. The next thing I knew, the competition was over, and we were all walking through the parking lot. It was snowing really hard and I was worried I wouldn't find my car. We found it; it was covered in snow. I feared it wouldn't start. I turned the key and there was no sound. I tried several times. Then I turned off the radio hoping that it might have been draining the battery. When I did that, the car started at my next attempt. I had told a couple of people that I would give them a ride. I called to them through the snowy haze. Finally, they ran towards us, but I saw there were many more people. I told the younger guys that I hadn't invited them, and that I would fight them if they didn't stop harassing me. They left. I opened the trunk of the car, and pulled out a big chunk of meat and took a bite out of it. Then I got in the car and drove off, to go to a barbecue at my house. 