I was on an outside patio of my house, only it wasn't my house. It was similar to a roof of a building in shape and weight, but had patio slates and patio chairs, and it was connected to the rest of our house that was a huge cube-shaped mansion. I was with my brothers, and we were playing with a soccer ball. We accidentally kicked the ball off the edge of the house, so I ran to get it. The side of the building/patio was protected with a three-foot, dry-walled picket fence. I climbed down and the patio was raised only on story. I ran around the corner of the house along the driveway and there was a dirt hill that was very similar to the one beside my driveway at one of my old houses. I ran down the trail and an animal ran across the heavily weeded sides of the trail, apparently because I had startled it. At first I thought it was a raccoon, but then realized that it was a wolf. I ran past where it had crossed and finally picked up the ball. I looked back up to the driveway and also the side of the house. It was at least 100 yards up hill and it was starting to get dark outside. I felt a little uneasy. I started running back up the hill when I heard a growl only a few feet to my right. It was a different wolf. It was laying down, facing the path, with a rabbit-sized animal in its mouth. It stared at me and said, "Unlike the other wolf, I have too heavy an animal in my mouth to run off at your presence," and it growled again. I replied that I didn't want anything from it but had to get back to my house and pointed up to the driveway. Then I started running up the trail and the wolf did not move. Finally, I got to the side of the house. I walked around the corner and began climbing the picket fence wall. Right when I got near the top, the section of the fence I was on started falling back from the house. I quickly grabbed the corner of the house and jumped up, when the fence fell back to the ground. Then my mother and one of my brothers ran over and looked at the fence, and shook their heads with concern. 