I was in my house here at school, with two of my friends. They had stopped over just before their first morning class. They sat down and chatted briefly and asked for some info, to see a schedule or something. I looked around a little for it and was talking to them about random stuff, since I was excited that I hadn't seen them for a while. The girl got really annoyed with me because they were in a hurry to catch the bus. I felt guilty and ran into my room and quickly grabbed what they were looking for and realized that I could just give them a ride to class. When I ran back into the other room, they had already left. I ran to the front door and looked out the door to catch them, but they were gone. I felt guilty. Right then, my two housemates walked up onto the porch, only they aren't my current housemates, they were my housemates from two years ago. They asked what I was up to. I said I had class, but I thought I would just go in and clean. Then three women came walking up and into the house with mops and brooms in their hands. They said they were friends/employees of my landlady and that they had been given approval to go through the entire house and clean. Neither my housemates nor I had given any approval to my landlady, but the women were already in and around the house. I ran into my room to tell them to stay out, but they had anticipated this, and had put a transparent, plastic mat on the floor that said to stay out. I started to clean my room. First, I picked up a huge hard-cover Bible that reminded me of one I had as a toddler. I put it up on a shelf in the closet. Then I went to my dresser and wanted to check the top drawer. It was about a foot higher than my head, so I had to pull out, and step into the bottom drawer. I reached into the drawer and there were a bunch of densely packed blankets. The drawer was really, really deep. As I reached around the blankets, to the bottom of the drawer, my feet slowly lifted off the bottom drawer and hung in the air, with my torso hanging in the top drawer. I kept reaching around the blankets, until finally I was in the drawer with all the blankets on my stomach. There was a knock on the door so I had to extricate myself quickly. I reached back behind my head forming a bridge, and then jumped back in a backward handspring. I landed on my futon, narrowly missing a thumbtack and two unbent staples that I had previously stuck into the mattress.