On different nights I tried kissing two of my female housemates. They weren't my actual female housemates, though. They were girls I knew from high school. I tried to kiss them because I was lonely and depressed. We all talked about it sitting in our apartment (though it wasn't our actual apartment), while we were getting ready to go to our psychology midterm that night. Right then, our psychology professor came in to help us study. Instead of helping us study, he started ranting and raving like a madman. He forced me to drink a bunch of hard alcohol, till I was a little bit drunk, which, apparently, he was too. He knew Tae Kwon Do, and started kicking at me. I blocked him some, but he was really good, and he had all of sudden grown to be seven feet tall. I fell back on the couch next to my housemates. He lost his balance because of his intoxication and fell back on our glass coffee table and shattering it. Then he jumped back up. He started throwing shards of glass from the table up into the ceiling like knives or pencils. Then he grabbed one like a knife and thrust it at my head in a downward, stabbing motion. I quickly grabbed a pillow and protected my head. The glass penetrated the pillow and came within millimeters of piercing my eye. I glanced at my watch and told him that it was 9:15 p.m. and he was fifteen minutes late for our 9 p.m. midterm. All of a sudden, he agreed and stood there frozen, with a blank look on his face. My housemates and I quickly started packing up our books to go take our test. I cursed him because I really needed the extra time to study. My housemates and I quickly ran into one of the bedrooms to get something for class. Then, I stopped everybody and warned, "Shouldn't we call 911 because of his attack?!" They seemed hesitant since we were already late for the test. I said, "He DID almost stab my eye out with a shard of glass!" They agreed, then asked where he was. We went back into the living room and he was kneeling, on the floor on the broken glass, staring blankly at the wall. 