I was sleeping on a futon in my bedroom. My bedroom was actually a sunroom in one of my old houses that I had lived in over eight years ago. I woke up because there was a really loud siren, and I was really afraid the cops were coming to get me. The windows were open, and the drapes were blowing pretty hard. I walked over to the window and looked outside. It was still really dark out, but seemed like morning would be coming soon. There was a big herd of bison out in the distance, near the golf course, that was attached to our yard. As I was looking in the distance, I noticed that one of the male bison was right next to the open window. When it saw me, it let out a huge growling-like noise. I jumped back and it jabbed its head in the window. I quickly shut the windows. However, it took a while, because they closed in a really complicated way. Then I opened the sliding screen door to go outside. There was a futon and a porch chair, only the whole porch was screened in, so it was actually inside still. My housemate was out there with two of her girlfriends. My housemate was sitting on the porch chair. Her friends were on the futon. One of the girls I knew. The other I didn't. They were both very beautiful, especially the one I didn't know. I told my housemate that the siren had woken me up. She said it had been doing that all night. They were talking and I was quickly annoyed by their conversation. They had used something of mine, and I got really mad at them for not asking first. The really beautiful girl became really bitchy. My housemate got angry because I was starting an argument. Then they started talking trash on this guy, whom I was friends with my freshman year, at my previous college. He was sitting in the corner of my room on the upper bunk of a bunk bed. He was wearing baggy jeans and a black hooded sweatshirt, with the hood up, like one of my high school friend's dresses, but this ex-college friend never dresses like that. He was listening to the girls and was sad, but resigned, because he knew his flaws. Because I was mad at the girls, I defended him, even though I hated him myself. The beautiful girl rolled her eyes. The girls started brainstorming on what guys they should invite over. They mentioned Rick, whom I am friends with. They asked if he had returned their phone call inviting him over. I told them that he had called when I was asleep and said he was going to stay home, but I didn't tell you because I was half asleep, and went right-back to bed. The beautiful girl scoffed. I said "Whatever," and went back to my bedroom to lay down. My ex-college friend was smiling because I had defended him. I looked at him, trying to look indifferent, but had an annoyed look on my face. Then I went to bed and became angry when I found a bunch of junk on my bed. I presumed the girls had put it there, because it looked like costume jewelry. 