I'm biking to my Tae Kwon Do class. As I open the door to the classroom building, I bump into my friend, Gino. He invites me to hang out that weekend. I say sure, if I don't have to do something else. I start chatting with him. He gets a disconcerted look on his face. I asked him if he was okay. He says he has to take a bad poop. I let him go. I go upstairs and open a door. I find myself walking into the house where I lived with my family over 6 years ago. My Tae Kwon Do class is until 4 p.m., and it is only 3:40 p.m., so I lay down to take a nap. When I wake up, the clock reads 4:22. I am upset that I am late. I decide to hurry and still make it to class. I get up and go into the kitchen. My ex-housemates Tom and John are there making dinner. I ask them what time it is. Tom tells me it is 4:45. I am angry with myself, because there is no point in going so late. John has just come in from biking or playing tennis. He is wearing really tight florescent yellow and black biking clothes. I compliment him on them; he thanks me. Tom offers me some dinner. I say "sure", since I'm no longer going to class. He is making tacos. There is only one extra that I can have, but I was thankful. Tom accidentally drops it with a glass. The taco falls apart and the glass breaks beside it, on the counter, so that there is broken glass in the food that was for me. Tom is really mad that no one will get the only extra taco. I still thank him for offering it to me. Then Bill comes into the room, and makes a wise-ass remark about me also eating. I remind him that it is John, Tom, and I who pay rent to live there. He mimics me. We sit down at the table to eat. Bill keeps antagonizing me, until I order him to leave the house for lack of respect. John and Tom sit silently, watching. Bill refuses to leave. I get up and walk towards him, ready to throw him out. He stands up and says he isn't scared of me. He says he knows I only weigh 110 lbs. And he isn't afraid of my 'Tae Kwon Do shit.' I palm his head with my pointer finger and ring finger piercing into his eyes. He falls to his knees. Then I jam two fingers on my other hand into his throat. I tell him I can kill him right here if I wanted to. Then I push him onto the ground, where he collapses. I sit back down at the table, with John and Tom. They are silent. I apologize for what I did. I say, "I didn't want to do that, but I felt I had to." I take a drink from my glass, and I taste bread crumbs. I look into the glass to find a few small pieces of chicken. I ask what it is all about. John replies that there was some left-over chicken, so they gave it to me. I thank him. 