It was near Halloween.  There were drag races around the house.  Every time it was a new set of vehicles.  Motorcycles, AC Transit busses, and so on.  I sat ready to pick up the phone at the sound of a crash.  It was like several dreams were taking place at once, with scene cutaways.  There was 'old Mrs. Heniwick', an acting teacher.  We were balancing Popsicle roadblocks on a truck, as if they were Legos.  The scene reverted to the races.  I had several friends over.  The house was set for a party; the dining room table was pushed to the wall.  A friend stood there, me in front of the pantry door.  Beside my friend formed a being; Death.  He was not completely solid, but made up of a thick black mist.  I looked towards it and the form changed.  He dropped from about 6 feet tall to about 4 feet, and he grew wider.  His ruddy eyes became visible.  A deep, doubled, growling voice rumbled, "I have come for YOU!" and the thick black mist descended heavily upon me. I was afraid, but I didn't want the fear to overcome me and cause a panic; I figured that would only make being consumed more painful.  I didn't resist and dropped to the floor.  I was surrounded by the black mist.  The mist was heavy and as I inhaled, my throat constricted and I couldn't really breathe.  I was on my stomach, yet slowly spinning.  My last thought was of a discussion earlier in the night, and I was not above suspecting the whole thing was a trick.  I moved my left arm to cover my stomach from a potential tickle attack.  The spinning yellow linoleum of the kitchen floor dizzily faded out, and I awoke back in "Mrs. Heniwick's" classroom.  Some of the classmates were concerned.  Some thought I fainted, yet others applauded me for my 'performance'.  I was happy.  My last thoughts in death were "okay, I guess I'll see what it is."  I went to Mrs. Heniwick for a hug, but she is a little odd, and strict, and refuses me.  I looked to the rear of the room.  There were only 12-15 students, each standing on uniformly spaced platforms, perhaps as a step-aerobics class might be laid out.  I saw my online friend Eric.  I called out to him.  'Eric!  We were right.  Look, I'm reincarnated!'  I look to him for my hug, and he supplies it.  I was reincarnated into my own body.  My dad appeared somewhere in the classroom and he hugged me as well.  I awoke with a great sense of comfort, knowledge, and thrill from the experience of death.