I was back at school.  My old friend Candy was there, watching the kids her mom used to babysit, Lily and Rob.  There was a sort of tunnel in the back (where the front is) of the library.  She had to go in to get one of them.  I had to go into one of the science rooms in C-Hall in order to do something towards testing my little fridge for college.  I guess the fridge itself was there.  I tried the ice cube tray, and put some water in a bottle with lotion in order to test the freezing capabilities.  I had to get my eyes checked for some reason.  When I was done with the fridge, I went in.  My 10th grade history teacher Mr. March was the one doing the testing.  He was with someone; I was sitting and waiting.  I thought to ask him if he'd prefer me to leave, to which he replied with a prompt and irritated affirmative.  I saw some results of what letters the man had thought were displayed, and when I left he was squinting with one eye, and looking at a blue laser picture of a man with a hat on.  I was called in.  I sat (lay) down.  There was a small metal dish mounted in the corner, with various size holes in it.  He shined the blue laser at it, moving it around, first in a circle, then back and forth...I thought my job was to guess where it was focusing; at which hole was it closest.  That was not the case.  He asked me why it looked the way it did.  I was fairly clueless, but made a couple guesses.  He impatiently and coldly told me I was wrong, and explained it, as if I should have known.  Then I was to identify the shape drawn with the blue laser; it was the man in a hat, his face showing on both sides.  I was explaining the faces I saw when he cut me off and spun the chair around.  His voice began to reveal a wicked German or Austrian sort of accent.  He asked me another question, disinterested.  He rolled up my left pant leg and told me to put my leg in the brace (looked like a used cast).  I did, but I started asking him what he was doing, I was getting very nervous.  "What are you doing, my knees are fine! You don't need to..."  He just told me to shut up and let him work.  He was doing something with a motorized gadget; somehow I knew he was cutting the skin flap off of my kneecap, even though I didn't feel anything.  I tried to struggle a little, but not much so I wouldn't get hurt worse.  I didn't know why I didn't feel it, or why he was doing it.  The chair was rotating in circles.  Finally he stopped.  I felt a sort of numb pain rush to the area of my knee.  "It'll hurt for the next 14 hours," he said.  And I awoke with that same numb pain.  