I dreamt of a covert operation.  My classmate Raya was in the tent, along with some others, aside a large gym sort of building.  It was like a meeting of a bunch of volleyball teams.  At first there was a great rivalry.  Climbing outside railings to get to people and things.  The place was enormous.  A bit of rivalry started to settle, though each team still had their specific colored shirts and stayed in their respective groups.  I was hanging around some of them; they were talking about drugs.  One interrupted and asked me if it (using drugs) was spiritual for me.  I can't remember the slang term he used, but it was odd.  We were all waiting.  I went for a walk and lapped the building several times.  At this point, I was delivered the instructions for my 'special moves' for the operation, like the moves in a video game.  I practiced them as I went around the building.  The hallways around the large center area was like the gym of the university near my parent's house, with upper balconies like basketball nets.  I walked around the halls and practiced.  Blowing a kiss created large illuminating blue lips.  Pulling joined hands away from one another created a vertical blue line with a loop in the center.  Extending my left hand to the left and my right hand forward did something as well.  As I walked, there were holes in the inner wall.  Inside you could see destruction and flames.  The whole crowd watched as an ignorantly courageous girl approached a demon in the wall.  The five foot tall face was made up of flames and dark spots.  It wasn't long before the poor girl was incinerated.  Then, someone from my group pushed me forward, volunteering me like it was all in fun.  I tried to say no, but was not successful with the crowd.  I stood about 4 feet from the demon's face.  I did a couple of moves with no effect.  I looked around, and spoke a little to the demon.  I stopped using the futile moves; the other girl only succeeded in making the demon laugh and feel stronger.  I started to talk to it, clueless and completely winging it.  I must have gotten the idea from the power kisses, I think.  What had come to mind was that you can't fight violence with violence.  I told the demon I loved him.  I tried to reason with him, and even mentioned marriage.  Eventually he, too, became a pile of ash.  Everyone cheered.  Walking out, I believe there were four ash piles; I'm not sure where the other kids found their death.  At home I got a call and was asked out by some guy who was appreciative and impressed.