My dad was directing cars on the freeway.  Then we were at the store buying the X-Men movie, and we were held up.  After that the three of us (My dad, my brother Stuart and I) had guns.  Then we were on a plane.  I was sitting next to Stuart facing the door.  Two guys walked in, and I asked Stuart if that was them, the guys who robbed us the day before.  He didn't think so, but I did.  Sure enough, there were a lot of people this time, trying to hijack the plane.  It was rather unorganized.  A hostage was held at threat.  She moved, and I took a shot at her captor.  One down.  My gun wasn't really a gun...looked like a spray bottle.  The lead hijacker came and sat down in front of Stuart.  I asked Stuart to hand me some more ammo; I was out.  He said he'd thrown his gun away already.  An old man tried to poke another hijacker with his cane.  I took a cane from someone and tried jamming it into the hijacker's neck.  He turned around.  I tried wrapping it tightly around his nose.  It didn't work. (Duh)  He just got annoyed and turned back around.  A woman across the aisle was panicking.  People from the other side of the plane just started to walk by and slide out of the plane.  Stuart and my mother had.  My dad had gone to the other side of the plane.  I went after him and told him to get off...I was planning on staying to help take back control on the plane.  On the other side of the plane was a doorway, like the windowed area on the cruise boat.  I followed my father that way.  It was very cloudy outside.  All grey.  It was like stepping into the past.  An old movie in black and white.  On the way back, after convincing my father to go, we passed through like a jail cell bathroom.  Bars.  The toilet was right in front of the sink, in the middle of the room.  I took one last look before passing back through the doorway into the plane.  "So this is the past..."  Walking through the back of the plane, my father stopped and opened a door out onto the balcony.  The ledge was at first only 4 inches wide, with a railing about a foot.  He stepped out, and I followed, holding onto the door.  He showed me the moon lighting up the water and the clouds (I could have sworn it was a plane, but sure seemed like a boat...)  It was very intriguing and pretty.  Finally (I kind of woke up) I got him off the plane.  I went across the aisle to the panicked lady.  I told her how to get off safely, and walked with her to keep her from panicking too much, drawing attention to herself, and getting herself killed.