There was something like a movie going on. My dad had a slit in his side, and he said I looked green from seeing it.  I flew a low plane.  After all that I was sitting on the couch with two others, waiting.  Rainbow Brite was there, and she looked very realistic, despite being a cartoon.  She told me her real name was Gem.  She wanted to go to the bank where she thought she would fit in- my closet.  We found a lot of odd stuffed animals.  She held one and she turned it into a cartoon.    It was what she wanted for herself.  I went in and sat on the brown couch in my parents' bedroom. My brother Stuart was in the office.  I watched as, between the clouds through the patio door near the bed, God's image appeared.  It was so amazingly clear.  He had long hair, but was kind of bald.  He didn't have any facial hair.  He smiled.  I sat up.  He vanished for a moment, but re-formed.  Even though he was blue and in the sky, I reached out my arms as if to hug him.  The sky and clouds surrounding him stretched on infinitely and he could not be seen.  Yet I didn't feel like I wasn't allowed to hug him; that was just the way of it.  I got up and we talked, although I know nothing of his voice.  He probably spoke directly into my head.  I felt him close and I didn't look at the sky now.  I went and sat at the computer.  I opened the cabinet doors of the hutch.  There were three gumballs sitting on the shelf, but they were very dusty.  I asked God if he had any gumballs.  He offered to trade me the one he was chewing for a dusty one, but he wasn't chewing one.  Stuart came out of the office to go to the bathroom and commented on the gay lions on the wallpaper of the computer screen.  I have no idea why he thought they were gay.  I started to whisper to God until he passed.  It felt like God and I talked for a bit.  I told him I wished we could go back to when Grandpa Gerald was still alive, so we could do something.  Maybe extend his life, so he could see me graduate and have another chance to say goodbye.  I knew we couldn't though, it was better not to; it wouldn't be right to know when he was going to die, plus God had already given me a second chance to say goodbye in my dreams.  As God left I gave him a rushed 'thank you' for coming back, and for everything- and for Jeremy, the guy I've been dating about a week.