The dream started at home, I guess, and I was chatting with my good online friend Del.  Its sequence was actually later, before I was to sleep at my boyfriend Jeremy's, and I was waiting for Jeremy in the room.  We arrived at his house, where I was going to stay for New Year's Eve.  Jeremy wasn't around; he seemed to disappear after we got there.  So I went into the guest room off to the left, and took a nap.  I woke up and saw my mother through the doorway at the table.  They were about to have dinner.  She saw me and came in, invited me.  I went to the bathroom, and at this point, the house was the way I dreamt of my maternal Grandma Jane's when I saw my dead uncle alive.  My great grandmother's sitting room had an entrance to the bathroom, and there was another on the other side.  I walked back to join the group (now it was the front portion of my parent's bedroom.)  But when I got there it was dark, and I could hear breathing, like someone was asleep.  Puzzled, I went into the rumpus room.  I made a mental comment to Jeremy's house being like ours, but then, it WAS ours.  I played the tape my brother Stuart left in the VCR.  At first it was something from Christmas morning, and I was about to reset it to the position I found it in when it changed to just claymation stuff.  And then it was a bunch of people dancing in a small kitchen, with a counter near the dining area.  There were 2 of me with the dancers.  But then my mother walked in from the kitchen talking to Jeremy's mother.  "Here she is, oh she must not have understood," my mother said.  I paused the tape in the VCR and suddenly my father and Grandma Jane were sitting on the couch.  I followed my mother and Jeremy's mother Harriet to the back; apparently my mother's friend Peggy was supposed to be out there too- they were raking gravel, and it was light, not pitch black like it had been.  I went back inside and sat down on the bed in the room in which Jeremy and I were staying, and I wondered where Jeremy had gone- probably off with friends.  We all went to the mall.  I was with Jeremy, his friends, and their significant others.  We were in one store, and I followed Jeremy through the food department.  French bread; I had to ask him where he got the particular loaf.  I went back to the refrigerated section.  Everything seemed partially eaten- empty boxes and bottles.  Jeremy was gone at this time (indeed it may not have been him who I asked about the bread).  I was left with his girlfriends.  I kneeled to get some soda.  There was a bottle of pineapple with a 3-cornered cap.  There was only one bottle of root beer that hadn't been opened.  I didn't find any chips.  At this point we'd left the food section and were standing in a 'down-home' country-feeling clothes department.  I couldn't see the food anywhere to go back.  I decided to let it go and follow the girls so I could at least get out of the strange store.  I complained to the lady at the register about the eaten food, she didn't seem to care.  I split from the girls when I found my mother, Peggy, their friend Jill Block, and some of her other friends.   They seemed to be doing a lot of fun things.  They changed plans quickly; next thing was to paint a chocolate model ship.  I parted with them and walked the length of the mall.  It was short.  The stairs were not conducive to use.  Rickety old wood, cluttered and confusing, with little bridges hanging beside.  I made my way down anyway, and although it wasn't, it quite resembled a basement.  Lots of workers, including my dorm friend Patrick, my longtime classmate Ralph and several others from the high school badminton team.  Finally I found several of Jeremy's friends, but still not Jeremy.  I went up one set of stairs, to outside.  I followed a hanging footbridge and an annoying cocky white boy jumped down in front of me, then jumped to reach the ladder in front of me.  I pulled the extension down and he got hurt, as he was still hanging off of it.  "Why'd you do that?" he snapped."  "I guess I'm not as tall as you," I glared back.  He let me lead, as he wanted to see me fail.  I stepped over a trip wire, and landed on top of the sprinkler head so he got more wet than I.  It was a booby-trapped tree house.  Having passed all the traps, the boy conceded, and trusted me to send the zip line rider back to him after I rode across.  The adults came out- this is what they had been working on in the backyard.  One guy's wife had done the majority of the planning.  I joined the people in the depths, the underground portion of the lair.  People were running around goofing off- a lot more than there had been.  All the while I was still looking for Jeremy.  I made my way over some rock formations lined against the wall.  There were shards of white laying around, sculpted to look like skull remnants, and it was indeed creepy.  I sat next to a rock that had a face sculpted in it kind of like a gorilla.  I kept my eyes on it for quite some time almost mesmerized and it seemed to change- so that it almost looked like Jeremy.  I hesitantly kissed it.  Then Jeremy's friend was beside me and it brought me back to awareness.  Everyone in the cave but the two of us sitting there was leaned up against pillars, expectantly.  I got up to join the group, and the friend did too.  It was possibly a paintball thing.