An Indian man who looks like Hector loves to fly. I tease him and say derogatory things about flying. I am with a group of white people. He says, "Have you flown? You should try it before you put it down." I shrug and agree to try it. I get on the plane, which is like a motorcycle. He is behind me with his arms around me to reach the controls. I wonder if it is too hard for him to control the plane from that awkward position. He shows me how to move levers and buttons. (To get to the plane, we had to go through a secret panel, down a ladder into a secret huge room.) I was being stared at by the other Indians because I was the enemy and I might tell where this place is. I look out to sea where we can take off. I see meadow and trees and think, "Not enough room here." I am aware of a wall that looks like a mural of a forest. I am aware that it is a false wall hiding the runway, and yet I am not aware of it. Before we can fly, we gather around to sing. He begins to sing. It is pretty, but ordinary. I say to him, "Sing it like you mean it. Sing it to someone." He looks to me with loving eyes, and sings with warmth, depth and beauty. I look at him and enjoy. After the song he gets up and walks to me and we hug. I feel the fat of his plump face and the scraggly whiskers. He says to me, "I love you." I hesitate. I say, "I know." I want to return the words, but feel constrained. I don't say it. I think, "Maybe I'll grow into loving him slowly." Now I am a member of their side. But before we can fly a mission, I must go back up with the group and appear normal with them. Then I will sneak off to the plane. So I go there and chit chat and he gathers up my stuff. He puts them near the secret door. I go and bow and go to the secret door. I know she suspects and is looking for me. I must hurry. The secret door is the wooden slate table my father made when I was 13. There is a curtain behind it and then the ladder down. The stuff is backed up, too much stuff: Coke, paper cups, sweater, books, etc. I may get caught if it doesn't go down the ladder faster. I poke and try to hide it all. At the last second it goes down and so do I.