I was a girl in an old small country town, before cars and pavement.  Some people took our cat Nina and used her in a play across the street from where I was.  But when she came on stage, she had a rope tied to her back leg, and she was meowing to be freed.  I was appalled.  At the end, she then appeared on the roof of the building to my left.  How she got there I don't know.  She leapt across to the building on my right.  She got stuck and hung dangerously over the edge.  She managed in this to free herself.  She got down off the roof and started to walk away.  I ran forward and picked her up.  She didn't like it, but I talked to her.  Told her I was sorry, sent her home to hide under my bed.  I knew she understood.  I turned and went back to help at 'my parents'' ice cream store.  I met a few people on the way.  I was going to re-open the store after the performance when a younger girl came out of the neighboring store.  She had curly sandy brown hair and freckles.  She introduced herself as what sounded like "Shirlotte Kearnsy"  so I wondered a moment if her name was really Shirley or Charlotte.  I decided it was Charlotte.  She told me she wasn't actually new in town- that explained why she looked familiar.  She was quite a bit younger than I, but I liked her and had a good feeling about our friendship.  Later on, I went to get my pen and pad.  I saw Charlotte and her father, Bob MacKenzie.  He was yelling at her and was insanely mad about something, trying to force her inside.  She wriggled free and I told her to run.  We went and hid in my parents' store.  There was an entryway with crackers and I asked if she wanted some ice cream.  On the door she saw a picture of my boyfriend Jeremy and me.  She saw how happy I looked and exclaimed we must be married and have a ton of kids.  Her small-town country girl thought process was evident in what she said.  I looked at the door and it saw in the picture her and me, not Jeremy and me.  But I told her no, he was my boyfriend and we're very much in love, that people with that many kids lose love.  We laughed.  My "mother" was at the counter.  We didn't get the ice cream, though.  Somehow, we found out that the mayor of the town had an affair with someone's husband.  Later at a dinner it somehow came out.  The mayor confessed to her husband, but the man she cheated with looked cold and spiteful- probably proud of what he'd done.