Dreamt of a circular room.  There were gems, probably 8 of them.  For each one, a dress was made.  Red and blue were similar, a diamond, and such like that, displayed around the room like a showcase.  The red, blue (and one other color) Were like flowers, or two-piece flowers.  They were very elegant dresses.  I decided on the red one.  Then, it became a store.  Behind each dress opened up a section of designer-wear following the similar style.  I was a clerk there.  It seemed like the managers of the store were up to something fishy.  They called us to close the store for inventory, or something, right in the middle of good business.  We had to pull in all the displayed clothes back into the 'store' section and close it back into a showroom.  There were a lot of workers.  We were trying to take things back in sections, keeping clothes together, and I wanted to put it in size order, and all facing the same direction.  I was able to do this for a while without getting reprimanded by the managers because there was so much commotion.  My neat-freakish side showing would not be appreciated.  Someone asked if it was tedious, but I told them I liked doing it. I took a load of it down to the basement, and found the shoe section.  The displays were tall and narrow, and the boxes were like for model trains.  I took a small white sandal down and looked at it, was about to help down there in the shoe department too, though decided I wouldn't like that as much.  A woman holding an upset toddler was approached by a teen carrying the same sandal.  The teen was saying the shoes were not penniless.  The toddler was fighting it and complaining.  The mother told the teen that she wanted him to show her.  He held up the sandal and showed two small round inlets.  He pushed up on them to find them empty, and the child squealed, happy to be right.  The mother asked me to get a pair, and I boxed and handed her the pair I was holding.  I told her I wasn't supposed to, but did it anyway.  The other side, there was a pile of stuffed turtles with flowers on the shell, that could flip over and cover the head.  One said 14.95, one was half that, one said free.  I was trying to figure out the deal, because they were all very similar.