My parents and I went to visit a French town, which wasn't actually in France, but a touristy likeness creation.  We crossed over a labeled bridge- Mertre?  We sat in an area.  A guy with long hair, his wife, and his kid stood up.  They were proud of their son's name, Buzzsaw.  I had some conference 'classes' to go to.  I managed the first 3 in one place.  For the last one I had to go to the 'cnoctory'.   There, my old roommate Chelsea was sitting on the ground finishing off what she had to do.  A pink elephant with spring body that walked sideways over itself.  We moved on to a shaded café.  There were little compartments.  I put my little booklet, gloves, my possessions to represent me in one.  Then swimming.  We reached Lake Powell-heading towards the Rainbow Bridge.  I got slammed into a stalagmite.  We went around it.  From behind, there was some sort of mass attack.  I was pulled along in the current.  I saw a sign say something like Zaire.  There were some small statues, about a foot tall.  If you gave it part of yourself, they'd come alive.  I told Chelsea to use one.  You had to give five things.  She said, "No, you., and pointed to one that took two items.  I found out what it wanted.  I don't remember the first, but breath was the second.  I gave it, and fell, weak.  The little statue guy came alive and defeated our enemy before crumbling and turning back to stone.  The danger was in how much you give.  The weakness, and would they give back?  Then my mother and maternal Grandma Jane took me for my driving test.  I had to take a permit test before the driving.  A lady held up a picture of a cow and a llama.  She mumbled out a question, and I was nervous and couldn't understand, so I didn't know how to answer.  I went and sat and waited with Grandma Jane, and came back to find I wouldn't even get to the driving portion.  I'd only gotten 87 on the first part.  That question.  I asked her about it.  I found out the question had been "If there was a flood, how would you save the goat?"  I figured out she meant the llama and I got upset- no wonder I couldn't answer correctly.