I was on vacation with my family, although for some reason in my own car rather than with them.  We went through a residential area.  At various points along the roadside were tiny giraffes.  I picked one up- it was about an inch tall.  My mother went to touch it and its neck just broke, and it fell into my palm like an animal cracker.  We walked through a house filled with nothing but 3-4 foot stuffed animals.  Then walked down the street back to the car (for some reason was a lot further away).  I was curious to look at my license plate for some reason.  As I walked I passed several old sky blue cars, and looked at the license plates.  One said "Mom 101" with a second plate next to it.  None of these were actually my car, however.  Driving again, we turned down a street and watched as several other cars came down the street, turned, and drove into a house.  As they did so, the cars vanished from sight.  This caught our attention and we stopped.  We looked in the tour guide book and it told us about the house; as people go into it, they encounter God and can make requests or ask questions in a short, given time frame.  There were certain conditions to be met, which the guidebook accounted for; it provided a paper bag with green tissue paper lining, and some sort of emblem, which a person was supposed to take with them as they entered, if they were doing so by foot.  Of my family, we decided that I'd be the one to enter.  Two old people lived in the house and there was a crowd of people clamoring for their chance to meet God.  Someone came out and the homeowners announced there would only be one more and then it would be 'closed' for the day.  I was behind a great deal of people so didn't stand a chance, but a lot of people already started leaving in disappointment.  Somehow, I was chosen to go in.  I was nervous and anxious, and trying to remember what I had decided I would say or ask when I saw God.  (Although this is not the first time I've encountered God in my dreams.  The first time I think I asked him for a piece of gum).  I ascended a staircase that led up to a wall, and I stepped through.  This time, God was a woman, with black hair.  I asked for something like self-discipline/control.  She nodded at me, and I tried to see if I got it.  Concentrating, I was able to rise up and sort of float/fly.  I came back down again, obviously pleased, and I asked for one more thing before my few minutes ran out.  I requested to give God a hug.  She smiled at me, and I hugged her, and things dissipated until I was outside the house again.  Then my family and I were going to stop somewhere to eat.  We saw and played with a few more tiny giraffes, which were more colored like white deer.  We went and sat down in a cafe and my family asked me about the experience with God.