We were at some theme park or something, in front of a supposedly haunted house. We looked in and didn't understand. Lights were on, nothing was happening. The man told us to go in and follow the lights; he'd turned most of them off. I and two other girls went in.  Walking through the house (it wasn't a ride, but a real house, seemingly abandoned) the story of three girls was chronicled. We were 'in the role' of these three girls who came exploring the house. The girls had different perspectives on the house, one kidding and being very sarcastic, the others afraid, that sort of thing, so the friendship was at risk. Walked in the front door, through the kitchen off to the left.  Some of what happened is unclear, but in the last room they'd been separated for a short time and didn't trust each other anymore.  Everything that had happened in the story originally was happening again- we didn't trust each other.  The last part we didn't play in, but simply watched from above. One of the girls wanted to leave; one was not allowing her to. The other came out from another room bleeding. The other ran for the door and the dominant one stopped her with a knife. Finally help arrived...the one who tried to escape had gaping wounds up and down her body and was carried out on a gurney. They all left hurt, somehow a victim of the house.  Upon exiting I thought the thing was pretty neat, how we actually, unknowingly did take on the roles of the girls and feel what they had felt.  I talked to the guy running the house, asking about how it was done, or something. He had creepy looking blue eyes. In response to my question he took me through it from the back entrance to show how it was done. I think we were in a car of some sort. In any case, we were talking, and it looked as though he had wire bristles in his mouth, like some sort of bug.  Going through the tunnel back into the house something outside the car brushed against my breasts. I kept talking with the guy.  We started kissing. There were no wire bristles, but his tongue had fork tines on it. And then I had an orgasm, just by kissing the fork-tongued man.