Duncan, the manager at the sport retail store where my boyfriend Jeremy works, was leaving. Not sure if he died or what, but they were without a manager. Despite my never having worked there, they took me into the position part-time. So we began to reorganize the store. It was a horrible mess. Looked like a garage someone uses for storage. There were piles of dusty paper, wood, and guitars littering throughout the three rooms. I tried to get it set up somewhat 'like before'. The guitar room would be on the right, paintball, and in the middle an area great for questions and advice. But there was so much stuff, we had a lot to sort through and get rid of, as well. In one area there were lots of little cages with various birds in them. I picked up a couple of the cages, intending to take them to the middle room. On my way to the next room I saw two black and white fuzzy caterpillars. Then a woman approached me: the other manager's wife or something. He had left for some reason, but she gave me something to give him. Another woman approached me asking for a volunteer application. This meant more searching. I looked under piles of papers and stickers but didn't find any. I told her that I was hired without one, and I'm the manager! So, shouldn't be a big deal if she's hired without one either, and I took her on.  When I was looking near the pile of stickers, I found an odd little toy. It had a yellow sort of frame and a clear bulbous area in which there was a little figure of Batman. You push the button on the top and the little superhero starts to fly around. At first I wasn't impressed but someone told me to keep watching. He spun a web, which really didn't make sense since it was Batman. Anyway I gave the toy to a little kid who somehow appeared- maybe the new volunteer's son or something. I was outside with the kid, picked him up, and fell backwards. Made it look like an 'accident on purpose' to make the kid laugh. Things got incredibly weird from there. The superhero, which was not Batman, was now real. He was angry. Someone took me to a 'back room' of sorts with little gold platforms. They told me to stand on one while they stood on the other..though they sunk down 4 feet. A ball of electricity was created around me, like a web. I could reach my arms out and 'stretch' the sphere, but in doing so, I could feel the tingling electricity on my arms. The other person was transformed into an overweight woman. She talked with the superhero, telling him if he came back to us, he would be immortal, but if he went to the villain, he would die.