There was of a family gathering at my parent's house. I was sitting on the couch in the living room and my (deceased) maternal grandpa Gerald walked in with a lampshade hat on. It seemed all three (?) of my grandpas had them. The first was Grandpa Gerald- that was quite clear. One of the others was not my paternal step-grandpa Sal, and I don't think my (deceased) paternal Grandpa Ernest, either, so I'm not sure who. The other was a big black man. Anyway I wanted a picture of the three of them with their lampshades on. The camera I had was large and rectangular, old-looking. Anyway my mother and I were both about to take pictures, when the rest of the family joined in. Through the viewfinder I watched my cousin Allen talk to two young Hawaiian girls that were somehow related to us, though I don't think it was supposed to be my younger cousins. I never got the picture of just my three grandpas. I went in to the hallway where Aunt Fiona and my mother were talking, and picked up my piece of pie off the floor. Aunt Fiona asked if we had some Lentil soup so she could have that and not eat so much, so she'd have some room for dessert, or something, so I got some lentil soup out of the fridge for her. I went back to the rumpus room. My dad and brother Stuart were on the couch, Stuart spread across it so there was no room. The wading pool was now in the rumpus room as well, so I had to walk around it, and got Stuart to move his feet just to give me enough room, though he was being a brat. Then he put my pie in the pool and pushed it to float on the other side. They were watching some movie on TV, and my father was impressed that it had some actress in it, yet she hadn't started to cry at the scary part. The rest of the family was in the backyard, and fireworks started. I went out to watch. They were incredibly colorful, more like paint spatters flying around than burning embers. My cousin Alice was holding a basket, which everyone expected to have a baby in it.   I guess she was babysitting. In actuality, there were three tiny babies crammed in the basket. Her mother Aunt Joan came out to talk to my father, and said she was going to the city I plan on moving to after graduation to look for a job. My dad told her not to bother; everything there is closed on 'economy day' or whatever strange new holiday it was supposed to be that Friday.