I guess I'd gone to visit my best friend Emma, because I was supposed to be in the town of her university. It was a crowded little house and mine was not the only sleeping bag on the floor. I left the house and took a walk down on my way to a train station or something. I guess I had my bike with me. I was distracted by a face in the clouds. I was listening to I think a Don Henley song (the source I have no idea) and this face in the clouds was singing along with it. I decided it had to be God. So I was very taken in at looking at all his features. He was hairy and had a moustache. A little like Yanni I guess. Once I turned back from looking at the face, I noticed that two older women had taken my bike. It was somewhat in pieces now. I yelled at them to give it back. They gave me part of it, but still hadn't given me the handlebars. I had a little black-hole like portal that I opened and put the little pieces in so I could run after them and get the rest. The woman with the handlebars had gone to a payphone. I yelled at the women and said I'd call for help, and did, though it felt so weird. The other woman came and talked to me in a parking lot. She gave me the bike back, and a bag full of other stuff, too. Apparently her friend had called and found out that if they were caught with the stuff just how much trouble they would be in. I refused the bag of clothes saying that all I wanted was my bike back. The clothes in the bag were huge but the lady pulled a couple out and commented on how pretty she thought they were, and I guess decided to keep them. I went back to my little portal and put the bike back in the house through it. I continued on and looked through a screened window. I thought I saw my mother fresh out of the shower, with the hair matted around her face, so I banged on the window. Turned out it was actually my former friend Jenna. I guess I expected my mother to be there, so I asked her if she knew where she was. She seemed relatively friendly considering the way we parted. Somehow in the conversation with her it came out that I was dead, so probably wouldn't be able to see my mother anyway. But time had passed, and so perhaps that's why my mother didn't live there anymore. She wrote down the address of where I could find my mother- Liverpool, England, and then laughed evilly- as there was pretty much no way I could get there.  I was pretty dejected at that point. I tried crawling through my portal, and ended up back in the house. I think it was then when I was lying on the floor, and my friend Deanna's mother came up to me and put her head about where my liver is. She'd read something about my stomach talking or something and wanted to hear. Then she moved to about where my stomach was. Weird. I still wanted to see my mother, though. I tried to use the portal again- I was able to get to the city of my university, but that was still a long way from England. I stood on the coast wondering what to do.