I was standing near a 3-foot wall in a field with my housemate Andre and my boyfriend Jeremy.  Over the wall we could see a group of Mexican construction workers.  An army of terrorists advanced on them, and despite most of the workers putting their hands up or laying on the ground in surrender, the army just completely unloaded on them.  The objective wasn't to win this war, but to eliminate everyone in the area.  It was disturbing to watch the dead bodies twitch with bullet hits.  I guess Andre and Jeremy stood horrified watching the act.  I reserved myself to what was likely to come, and calmly curled up in a little recess near the wall, so the wall would be tall enough to hide me, unless the attackers came closer.  Someone asked about sharing the spot with me, and I figured it would give us away and said no.  Jeremy curled up in front of me, though, and we waited.  By some miracle, we were ignored even though the attackers were very close.  Then we were in some room further off from where we had been.  The army came.  I never once in this dream saw what the army looked like.  When they reached us, my view was from above, looking at a map.  We were green asterisks and the enemy were the red asterisks.  At this point we had nowhere to hide.  I made a break for it and just ran.  Somehow I managed to get past all the attackers and ended up in the police department.  I ran in somewhat out of breath but used language like "hell" that I never use.  The police captain looked like the guy in charge from MASH.  I figured they knew what was going on, though I didn't know how they'd survived if they were confronted.  I didn't much care, either.  I was just begging for help for the people in my life.  The police asked me who, and I said well my parents were in a different town, so they were probably safe, but my future mother-in-law, well, no, she's not around here either, she's probably safe too.  But somehow it seemed like I might get a better response if I mentioned her instead of Jeremy.  As it was it might have already been too late.