I was driving somewhere in a strange, busy city. I had a pen between my teeth. Even though I was in the car, it seemed like I was riding a motorcycle, as I was straddling something. I had to turn around but I couldn't make a U-turn, so I turned down a street. There was an odd sort of train tracks that split an intersection in a big hump. I took the left fork, and found myself on a narrow street with small houses, but the line of cars was backed up the whole block.  At some point during this, my mother was with me and we weren't in the car anymore. It turned out the line was for a modeling agency or something. I was sort of thrown onto a photo shoot with another two girls, and there were only supposed to be two, so one was taken off- but not me. I was thinking I should have dressed differently, but they gave me a shirt to put on over the one I had. They gave us a little direction on how they wanted us to play up for the camera. I only saw one flash, and there was some interruption. So I left the set and went to take off the shirt they'd given me. I pulled it off and it lifted my other shirt as well. Someone said something, it might have been a compliment, but all I really remember hearing was something about my bra being padded. I asked what she was talking about, since I don't pad. Then some young guy came up and makes some rude remark about 'feeling my naturals' or something. I said my boyfriend wouldn't like that and left.  Then my mother and I were in front of the building, which looked like a fancy new sort of bank or something. There were video screens showing some of the new modeling shoots they'd just had. The girl I was on the set with was complaining about how short ours was. I myself was surprised I'd been considered at all for the position and hadn't been kicked off immediately, so I was feeling pretty good. I started thinking that beauty contests and modeling stuff isn't as bad as I'd believed them to be, yet here were these girls around me in tears. My thinking was wondering if I'd get any sort of compensation for the ad, even though I was darn happy I'd gotten such a confidence boost in my looks.  I was called back for a second shoot. I was standing behind a counter with another girl. We were both wearing black dresses that looked pretty fancy with sequins or beads. She had shiny black beads all around her, on her head, her wrists, kind of like a flapper. I saw one of the video screens and my mother was in there briefly too! She was complimented on her looks as well. Then it was back in the car.