Disturbing dream.  Aerosmith was visiting as my housemate Andre's friends, or something.  One of them was in the shower.  Later on some fans showed up in the streets.  Some of them were really bad news.  They had their shirts off and paint on their faces and chests, and "KKK" interspersed among other things written.  Chaos broke out.  The KKK guys started killing anybody who wasn't white, and a lot of the other Aerosmith fans just caught the enthusiasm and started rioting, or associating the racism with Aerosmith and helping out with the genocide because of it- though in the long run nobody was really safe, not even the white people.  There was a 12-year-old boy keeping someone locked in a car because of it.  Somehow he wasn't just a stranger...he was a family friend or something.  My boyfriend Jeremy at this point seemed to hold the role of my father.  He tried to snap the boy out of it, but the boy was determined.  Jeremy ended up taking a croquet mallet and some sort of makeshift chisel to the boy's head- he held it there first as a warning, but the boy was still acting out.  Jeremy tapped it gently, again and again.  We left the scene.  I was afraid; there was no way of knowing what would happen.  Even being white I was in danger and had to watch myself so as not to be noticed, especially caring about anyone who was not white.  I was mostly afraid for my boyfriend Jeremy, who I somehow got separated from.  I saw a boy named Thomas from choir and another Asian boy fall to the ground.  Thomas stood up and staggered a little.  There was decimation everywhere.  I didn't see anyone still alive, killing, or running, just the destruction left behind.  I walked through the street in search of Jeremy.  I guess I got to the end of the street, and there were actually some live people.  Whenever I saw people in red and yellow, somehow I knew they were related to the KKK band and I was afraid.  I went down a school hallway.  It was like some sort of school event.  If we had certain "points" or "dollars" we could have earned through things at school, we could use that to buy food.  I only had two dollars.  For some reason a lady handed me some macaroni and cheese while I waited, even though it was worth 4 dollars.  Then they were closing, so I grabbed some of their corndog croissants on the way out.  I walked out to the parking lot.  It was dark.  I pulled out my cell-phone and called my mother.  My car was on the other side of the parking lot, and I knew I'd have to pick it up so as not to get a ticket in the morning, but I was so distraught I asked my mother to come pick me up.  I guess I decided not to leave my car there, because I went back to it and loaded it up with Jeremy's guitar, my backpack, and some other stuff.  At some point I met up with my best friend Emma.  We left the parking lot and tried to start heading to my mother's 'new house'.  I knew the general direction, but when we tried to go that way, it was a shopping complex with walking paths only.  We couldn't figure out how to get anywhere, so we had to leave the car.  Somewhere in there someone else joined in with us.  The pathways were brick, and the buildings looked like onyx.  I grabbed my backpack and took what I could with it.  We started down one path and had to go back the other direction.  We encountered the 'big boss' bad guy and he laughed at us.  We ran up a short set of stairs, and I guess I tripped.  Someone commented that I'd lost "Romeo and Juliet" my stuffed kissing bears.  I picked up the stuffed animals I had dropped near me and asked the person to run back and grab the bears.  I tried repacking my backpack so I wouldn't have to carry everything and worry about dropping the important ones.  I had 3 pairs of high heeled shoes with me, for some reason - I guess I was coming from last night's concert.  I tried finding the best ones for running in- the ones with the lowest and widest heel and put those on, and I was working on jamming tons of things into my backpack when I awoke.