I was in a gift shop, I suppose.  There were items on the wall that I was browsing.  Most seemed silly, but I saw a towel and wondered what the gimmick was.  I pulled it down to look at it- it was supposed to be a quick and easy way of packing.  It was a beach towel with a cord running through edges of the long ends.  You hold it open, pile stuff into the towel, and then pull the cords to cinch it tight.  I went outside to ask my boyfriend Jeremy if he was interested in one.  He asked if they had any in I think black or red.  I said no, there was this, with blue and red, and another with lighter blue.  I went inside to look for more.  I followed my mother and maternal Grandma Jane to the airport to see them off.  I didn't get to hug Grandma.  My old classmate Ralph came rushing in asking me what flight they were on.  He had his laptop and said he'd found the people who were using my mother's screen name.  I told him it was already too late.  He took off his shoes.  I followed him back to his house, where he then realized he was barefoot.  I wasn't really sure if he was expecting me to come in or not, but he left the front door open.  I took off my shoes and followed- I wanted to know more about the identity theft, if nothing else.  Ralph left the room, so I walked into the kitchen where there were several small cages with small finch-sized birds in them.  One cage contained a creature sort of like a rhino but without the horns.  It was about 5 inches long.  Another contained two birds, one with a comb.  These birds were bigger than the others, about the size of quail.  I heard a voice, and I guessed it was Ralph's grandmother or aunt, and I wondered if I should leave.  I told myself no, be outgoing and friendly.  I went out to the back porch where I found an older woman sitting on the steps, watching a young boy, probably Ralph's cousin, playing in a wading pool.  The pool could change shape to be longer or shorter.  At some point I guess I walked out on to the grass when Ralph had finally come out.  There were two odd flocks of birds.  They weren't just flying in formation, but two middle strings of birds would elongate and disappear.  I looked closer at another flock and saw that some of the birds had abnormally huge legs, to realize that they were not birds at all, but some sort of creature, like a purple gargoyle.  We thought we would be in danger if they landed, and it looked like they were going to- we went back inside.