I think we crossed some water to an island.  I was with a man...someone I knew, though my mind fails me.  He was talking to another couple outside where we had just pulled up.  He told them we were honeymooning in the Bahamas, at the Parisian hotel, and he told them his name was someone London.  While he was talking he developed a French accent.  He created this story as a cover; we were actually investigating.  While we talked we watched several women in pink raiding a car.  After the other couple left, "London," who was now my father, handed me his sunglasses.  I put them on and they were reflective, so I could see behind me.  I saw an old man lifting things out of other people's shopping carts.  (I thought we were still outside, but apparently that was part of the grocery store, too).  At this point I was disgusted with what I'd seen and tossed the sunglasses at the old man, telling him to be nice.  Inside, I met up with my mother.  Eggs were still in her cart, but she couldn't see the milk- I assumed it was the old man, and took a half gallon out of his cart- but just then I saw the milk still sitting in my mother's cart, just with a different carton coloring, so it wasn't recognizable at first.  My mother told me about a dream one of her friends (Lynn?) had had, and somehow I had her dream.  I had a son, and he was wearing a sort of green vest, put on more like armor over the head with the sides open.  He had a thick oval belt on, and was maybe three or four years old. He adeptly climbed up the outside of the house with an inhuman ability.  Supposedly he was trying to get to his father, who was wearing the same outfit he was.  There was a longhaired grey cat at the base of the tree I was standing next to.  This part of the dream was confusing.  It was like the cat said it would be nice, but wasn't.  I went to pet the cat, and I guess it attacked.  I fought back, ready to bite its ear and rip it   I told my parents the dream when I woke up, and we all thought it was odd.  My mother handed me a card with a picture of mushrooms on the front, and told me it was for Lynn's son Jonathan, but she wanted me to put it back.  I took the card and tried to make my way to the greeting card aisle.  On my way I think I read a letter from my father, saying that he read my IMs with my mother (supposedly about my research paper and depression).  He said it didn't seem too personal so he read it over her shoulder.  I guess Collective Soul had been mentioned in the IMs because he said that he found the lyrics and read them, and said he could see how a couple of them could fit- I remembered my conversation with an online friend about Collective Soul being a Christian band, and figured that was what my father was talking about.  He mentioned "Heavy" being one of the songs he saw it in.   As I got closer to the card aisle against the wall, it got crowded.  I had to crouch to pass my godmother Melinda Swenson.  I told her I was ready to leave, there was just too much going on, and she agreed.