I was in the town of my university, shopping for a party with my mother.  I went to the last meeting of the Beatles class.  Last time at the end of class I guess they'd held auditions for something like American Idol.  I guess I'd sung "Beautiful" by Smashing Pumpkins just for the heck of it, but not expecting to get anywhere.  They were revealing the results of the auditions in a small office at the entrance of the classroom.  In front I saw one of my old high school classmates Jesse and we talked a little bit.  She went in first, and I heard them tell her she made it to the next round.  I was surprised.  I didn't remember hearing her try out, but she's not a singer, so I didn't expect it.  I thought maybe I did have a chance- though I was still shy about the thought of having to sing again.  As I went in and sat down, I saw a paper sitting in front of the two women judges and on it was written something about a garbage can.  This was something to do with their evaluation of me.  They didn't tell me the news quite so harshly, but I was still upset.  How could Jesse be picked with her high, hollow, weak voice, and I, who've been in choir, not be picked?  I didn't hide my feelings very well, and I guess felt like I had to defend myself.  I told the women I would've sounded better if I was more confident, and that was really the only reason I was doing it..to build up my confidence.  I went into the classroom.  After class I guess I took the bus to return to shop with my mother some more.  I saw Jesse again and she wanted me to give her a ride home, but I wasn't going to the city she said she lived in.  My high school friend Kally was on the bus.  The bus driver was mean or something, so I hid in a box in the back of the bus.  I was being kidnapped.  We didn't stop in town.  Finally we stopped at my maternal Grandma Jane's house.  I took my cell phone and snuck upstairs.  For some reason I called the house number instead of my mother's cell.  My brother Stuart answered and was very curt.  I told him to tell my mother to pick me up at Grandma Jane's, quickly.  