I guess I was back in college.  I ran into my old obnoxious dorm roommate Chelsea and she came back to the dorm room.  It was supposed to be the same one we'd had before.  She asked how I got it all to myself, and I told her that I thought she was supposed to move in with me but she never showed, and I thought about the bad luck of getting her as a roommate again.  I asked her where she was staying- she said something about the math department.  I didn't completely understand, but I was thankful for not having to live with her nonetheless.  I took something down the hall to a neighbor.  When I came back to my room/the apartment my boyfriend Jeremy was laying on the floor naked.  I worried for a second as it had reminded me of the dream with my mother coming in before we consummated our marriage, but then I remembered it was a dream.  I went to Subway to get a sandwich and paid $1.01.  I wanted to get back home, but somehow got lost in the hallways.  There were classrooms instead of apartments- I was in the wrong place.  I thought I heard my former friend Jenna's voice and hesitated before leaving.  I tried cutting through a classroom to get back to the apartment.  I saw my maternal Grandma Jane sitting in the classroom I passed through- I asked her what class it was, and it turned out to be one that I thought sounded interesting.  I crossed to the left side of the room and sat down near the door so I could leave after a little bit.  It seemed like the teacher was just acting out a bunch of infomercials; it was odd.  Something happened involving someone behind me- I think it was Tim Allen.  He fell backwards and had beans and lentils in his mouth.  I tried to help him and shortly realized it was part of the act, but I didn't want to give it away, so continued to pretend to help him by sporking out the food from his mouth- I realized that was probably a bad idea and it was better to just leave the control to him as I could accidentally push the lentils further into his mouth and he could choke.