My boyfriend Jeremy and I were living at a larger apartment complex.  I walked him out to his car on his way to work.  Off in the distance I could see three volcanoes erupting, and the lava was flowing toward us in the irrigation ditch below the parking structure.  A gap in my memory, but I remember something of sitting in the back seat of my car and getting up to wipe some soot off the fence in front of me.  Doing this released a bunch of little spiders, which for some reason had to be collected, as they were a dangerous threat.  It may have been related to the spiders, but the next thing I remember is going back to the apartment, which was now a dorm room, and I was paralyzed from the waste down and learning to cope.  I ran into Evan, the manager of the financial company I temped a few days for in August.  I was happy to see him and wanted to ask about the job offer.  He was very nice to me and helped me into the bathroom.  Leaving the bathroom, I wasn't completely paralyzed but my legs were simply weak.  I don't exactly know why but I continued to act as though I were paralyzed.  As though I wasn't fully convinced that I wasn't paralyzed, and that learning to manage without my legs was a nice change of pace from daily routine- a new challenge.  So I would only use my legs briefly, from time to time, and I didn't want people to see me and question me about it.  I went to class.  My former friend Jenna was there and I heard her say some snide comment that "oh that's not real"- I wasn't fully sure if she was talking about me or something else.  I sat in the back.  It was a chemistry class.  People were nice to me, offering help and generally being friendly, which caught me off guard a little as I was both a new student and disabled.  When class was over I was getting up and realized I was using my legs again.  I was nervous about being discovered that I would lose all my new friends' trust. I was getting ready to go when a different teacher walked in.  He was the lead of the chemistry department- Professor Everett, I believe his name was.  One of the students had sent him in to give me a heads up.  He asked if I was ready for the midterm, even though it wouldn't be for three weeks.  He handed me a packet to record my answers.  I couldn't fully understand what he was asking in the first question- something about a form of measurement or quantity in relation to batteries, so I guessed volts.  The second asked what the positive knob end of a battery is called.  I answered five questions, total, and I didn't feel like I was at all prepared for the test.  So Dr. Everett told me which chapters of the book to read over in addition to the newest lesson.  I was grateful for all the help people were giving me without asking any questions, even though I was sure some had seen me use my legs.