I ended up I think at some sort of party.  I was around some sort of lumpy game table upholstered in green felt, kind of like an odd-shaped poker/pool table.  There were four of us standing around it, and other teams at other tables.  There was a spot in near the center of the table as the 'goal'.  I'm not sure if it was marked or technologically detected- I couldn't really see the spot as it was on a peak in the middle of the table.  There was a woman, perhaps the apartment manager, as the ref.  The idea was that each team member had to roll their colored ball (about 2" diameter) over the spot.  The first team to have everyone roll their ball over the goal spot won.  It was my first time playing while everyone else was experienced.  We managed to win the round, and they changed the tabletop to a different shape with different mountains and valleys on it, a new challenge.  My ball went too far and came back to me, and the ref commented on it, giving me a tip or instructing me about something.  I think I left the table and went elsewhere.  Two male friends were exploring somewhere...like underwater perhaps.  People were curious and wanted me to film them.  So I was put in a small pod with a window and a camera.  Someone else was with me.  We got out to where they were and I got out of the pod and talked to my friends.  Then I got back in and started the camera, but turned it off relatively quickly.  I don't remember what my friends were saying or doing, but it deserved privacy and I was not going to betray that for people's curiosity.  So when I emerged with the camera, it had very little on it.  A glimpse here or there, but no sentence spoken was even complete.  I knew the people who had me filming would wonder what went on and not be happy.  I went back to the game table.  Music was playing, and somehow at the table we could see the videos that went with the music- all from one band- possibly my friends I had been sent to spy on.  We watched two or three videos and then played the first again. C# A, B B ABC#, "Boys, boys, boys ---- --- -- --- ---".C# A, B B ABG.  "Girls, girls, girls --- -- --- ----" ~(_ _ 1/8 1/8  1/16slur).