My best friend Emma and I had found two people to play badminton with.  I was in the locker room with one of the other girls, and she suggested inviting another person who used to be on the team.  She handed me a phone book with his picture on it, and wanted me to call and ask.  I was hesitant as his area code was different and far away, and we already had four people, which would be perfect.  I left the locker room and ended up in a fancy place while waiting for Emma.  My boyfriend Jeremy and I wanted some time alone to cuddle in bed, but staff kept coming in to dust and stuff.  I went outside for some reason -- I had been told to do something, though I don't know why.  I went to the curb and cut down a tree, as instructed.  In the process, a "no parking" sign accidentally came down, as well as a small young tree that was specifically not meant to be cut.  I felt bad.  Someone helped me 'pick up the evidence' and we went back inside.  I started playing a game that my mother had just gotten.  My dad was leaning over the right, watching.  I didn't really understand it.  It was kind of like a Clue board, and we both started from the same side.  I moved my piece, which got me a card.  The card said something about doing something in the area that looks like Nazi Germany.  Around the room were several furniture setups.  Two of them were bunk beds.  I was handed an amber token.  I didn't understand what I was supposed to be doing.  They said it had to be a certain bunk bed set, even though it didn't look much like what I would expect, but closer than any other possibility.  My mother climbed on the 'French set' bunk beds, and she was showing it off.  The bottom bunk opened up, like a lounge chair.  They both seemed pretty interested in that, and I wondered if actually being on the bunk made a difference, because I wasn't impressed.  I went to my bedroom to get something.  When I came out, my high school friend Benji was with me and put his arm around me.  I think I gave him a kiss on the cheek.  Somehow in the game, someone died.  We went out to the sidewalk and my mother was talking about the evilness of random people on her soap opera.  The redheaded medium from the play we saw last year came up.  She wanted to see the house the person had died in (the game was now real).  So we walked to the house.  Her spirit guide was with her and tried to follow her in the house, but there had been some sort of spell.  Just as the screen door closed behind the medium, the spirit guide slammed against it.  I could see her at this point, though still transparent, sitting on the porch in disappointment and indignance at not being allowed in.  Later we were at the wake party.  The medium looked like Katey Segal.  I was dishing up some food in the kitchen and thought about how this was the first funeral I'd ever been to.  We were going to get ready to go somewhere.  People were riding on a merry-go-round.  One person's 'horse' was not a horse at all but a cap that came down from above, shaped like the top of a fish, that you just stand under.