Lots of dreams last night but kept waking up and not remembering.  My brother Stuart was around and I was upset with him.  My mother was not happy either.  He left and my parents and I worked on setting something up.  There was a long pole stuck in the ground at an angle.  We draped a sort of parachute over the end of it and had to secure the three corners to the bottom part of the pole.  This would stretch the fabric, a person would latch on, and be slingshot into the air and parachute down. I was going to, but don't know if I actually did.  I ended up in a field with a group of people.  We were running from an attack.  There was a steep hill to the north we were trying to get over.  Our attackers were coming from the south.  We came across a small house that was in our way.  We could have gone around the east, and I think we briefly tried that- but that led to Iraq (even though we had just come from W. state, I think), so we couldn't go around.  Nobody was there so we were going to go through the house.  Made the way into the bedroom and started taking out a panel of the wall by pounding a screwdriver into it.  While I was doing this, the people renting the house while in the area for research came back.  I started talking to them, pleading with them and apologizing profusely for ruining the house.  I explained the situation to them, that we were running, and couldn't go around.  They were sympathetic and let me continue.  The rest of my party had disappeared somewhere so it was just me.  They even helped me out- I had to pound through the wall, and once through, they knew I would be met by the enemy- I had to pass as 'one of them'.  I was a foreigner I think: although I could speak to them, I could not read.  So they taught me how to recognize letters.  The time came and I climbed up and through the wall.  The test I had to pass would flash a letter, and I had to select the correct one from another sheet.  The letters they projected were kind of fuzzy and seemed to change.  I was confident in my first choice, but it was wrong.  As the next couple went by I did all right, my synesthesia helping me to determine Fs from Ts.