I went to an interview.  I guess I got there early; I was given some papers to file.  So I went to the left side of the room to file in some of the low cabinets.  The first two colored pages were extra dittos to be re-filed.  One started "Amer" and another started with a C.  The leftmost drawers, though, had a few As and mostly Ns.  Then I went to something with a Z.  The woman called me over to the front corner for the interview- she would interview both me and another man for the position at the same time.  My boyfriend Jeremy was there with me, and was allowed to tag along for the interview.  So we sat down and the other applicant and I answered some questions.  Then we went down some stairs that seemed to lead outside, to an abandoned parking garage/shopping center or something, and we answered some more questions or went through some other part of the interview process.  We went down a few more flights of stairs and ended up outside.  Sitting near a bush, the woman told us the results.  It sounded like I scored slightly higher, maybe two points, more than the man.  I was relieved, I finally had a job!  The woman explained how we would both be hired, one being the presidential (principal) administrative assistant and the other the vice administrative assistant, but slightly worried that I'd heard her wrong and I was the vice.  I tried glimpsing at the red marks she'd written on the resumes but with the angle, I couldn't see the scores.  Then one of the woman's coworkers came up and asked how things went- she showed her.  I had a 92 and the man had an 89.   I was elated to finally have a job!  My mother came up with our cat Buster asking how things went.  A van pulled up and it was a family packing to leave on vacation.  I wasn't sure if they were going to try to take Buster with them.  My mother handed him to me and I held him closely cuddling him.  I think he was purring.  The van left.  I let Buster know how much I love him, and it was kind of like saying goodbye before he dies.  I felt so happy about having a job while waking up, but became very depressed when I woke up enough to realize I was only dreaming. 