My boyfriend Jeremy was driving a van.  I was crouching on the back seat.  The van was loaded with stuff.  Jeremy said something about going to the beach.  I started to complain that we weren't prepared, and he said he had a bikini for me in his wallet.  I asked him if he had his wallet, as sometimes he forgets it.  He said he did.  I looked around..we did have towels...and I realized I was wearing my swim suit under my clothes so the bikini wouldn't be an issue.  We stopped somewhere- a pet store.  It was dark, probably closed.  There were lots of aquariums around and one tank had an odd-looking fish.  On the tank said something about he had lost his friend.  That clicked with me and I ran out to the car.  I came back and dropped a fish in the tank with him.  There was an older man across the way and I called him to look- to see if that was the fishy friend that had gone missing.  He said yes, but that the type of fish she was, a 'top fish' she needed a bubbler.  So we moved her to another tank over and she was in the top part, separated from the bottom of the aquarium by netting.  I wondered how this would help as the fish were no longer together and was about to ask when the man offered to show me something.  I hesitated as Jeremy was waiting in the minivan but whatever he was going to show me might help me get a job, so I followed.  He took me over and had two red, blocky mechanisms.  We were kneeling by a row of sinks, I think.  The red thing he held had two little pointer/penlike things, one on either side.  He pointed the right one and beeped it, then the left.  It was like a grocery scanner for taking inventory.  He did this to several of the sinks.  The count was seven- we were somewhat puzzled as it only should have been three at that point.  He handed the scanner to me so I could try.  I tried to get the order right between which scanner I used and which barcode- I wasn't sure if it made a difference.  So I tried it and asked him if I'd done it right.  He and another person who had joined us at some point said "blackout".  Not that there had been one, but that that was what should have been reported by the scanner, for some reason.  He said not to worry, this was just practice.  We still had to test the "emergency" scanner.