We were at my parents.  My good online friend Del was visiting.  We went in the living room and we were going to play a game- something like Scrabble, but more colorful.  My parents, my brother Stuart, Del, my old dorm roommate Sally, my boyfriend Jeremy, and my old best friend Candy and I were all playing.  People waited on me several minutes before I realized it was my turn.  I apologized and said I was surprised- whenever we used to play, Stuart would take a half hour to an hour to take his turn.  I think after my turn I went to the bathroom.  It was a public bathroom with stalls.  I didn't care for something about the toilet in the stall I went to so I lugged another toilet over into the stall and used it.  I went twice.  My mother was in the stall to my left.  When I came back to the games, it wasn't Scrabble any more.  We each had a turn dancing.  On my turn a man dressed in a clown suit offered me his hand, and we danced to Tchaikovsky's "Russian Dance".  He was spinning me around all over the room.  It was a lot of fun, and when he pulled me in closer, I felt a connection with him kind of like I feel with Del- close and at peace.  It seemed like the song ended too early.  Afterward he took off the mask or whatever it was that was hiding his face.  He was black.  I talked to Stuart briefly about the encounter, but wrote him off, saying of course he wouldn't understand, since he thinks it's cheating to dance with anyone but your significant other.  Then people were starting to go home.  Candy and the clown I danced with were carpooling with some others and were getting into a van in front of the driveway.  The guy was lying down in the back and I leaned in to say goodbye.  He was white now and looked more like Del.  I hesitated for a moment, and then leaned in and gave him a quick gentle kiss on the lips and a hug.  The kiss seemed to catch him off-guard slightly.  I got out of the van and let Candy get in.  They left and I went back to my parents' bedroom where Del was laying on their bed.  I climbed onto the bed next to him and talked to him.  I asked him about the guy I danced with and felt in my mind- what was it about him that drew me in?  Was he like Del?  I think Del said something about him being the reverse or opposite, but also the same.