I drove my mother's car into the garage.  It was some sort of community building.  There were sleeping bags on the floor.  I talked to my mother.  She told me of a job down the hall that she had referred my brother Stuart to.  It sounded excellent so I had her take me to see about it.  Stuart's application was on hold until he could get more information.  A lot of people were standing around.  My mother left.  I lingered, wanting to apply, but thought perhaps I was being rude somehow, so a minute later I followed, unsure why I shouldn't still apply for the job.  I went back to the center and started playing a game of pinball sitting in a corner.  I put in a quarter for a second game.  The table changed, and grew.  The second was toilet-related.  A guy playing a game to the left of me moved his elbow in front of me so I couldn't see the table.  I asked him to kindly move and he turned his game- it would be hard for me to get out when I was ready to leave.  The third 'table' was huge.  It was the end of a bed covered in stuffed animals, and there were some inflatable hot air balloons hanging from above.  The 'table' also included the areas to either side of the bed.  Sometimes the ball went where I couldn't see.  My left paddle started sticking.  Someone pointed out a higher paddle that I hadn't seen.  Then I rode on a subway.  I met an Asian girl who was somehow a coworker.  We talked for a bit and became better acquainted.  I got off at her stop with her; she was going to take me to meet someone.  An Asian man was with us as we walked through a dark enclosure up to two apartment doors.  The walkway was composed of 1-inch jagged rocks.  I was barefoot.  My left foot started to hurt some, but the walk was surprisingly painless for walking on such a rough surface.  The girl and I kissed, including a little bit of tongue.  I still had my retainers in, and I was sort of embarrassed/self-conscious about the taste/morning breath.  The man lived in the apartment to the left and inside the apartment seemed narrow and long with a fairly high ceiling.