There had been a mistake and I was put on death row for murder.  I was hurt that my family believed I had done it.  I was kept in a small, plain white room with a window.  I was depressed and had given up.  I sat apathetically, not doing anything.  Finally they sent for me- they were going to take me to the electric chair.  Somehow I escaped from them.  I grabbed a nightstand alarm clock and ran back to my room.  I took the case off the clock, forced my arm through the screen, and set the clock down.  I believed that somehow, my family had betrayed my deceased grandmother as well, and confined her spirit to that clock.  By taking off the case and putting her outside, I was "setting her free".  I don't know if her spirit actually was in the clock or if that was a delusion I came up with- I wasn't exactly mentally well, having been locked up for so long.  So I put the clock outside the window and rushed off to find myself a way out.  I was caught again, and locked up in the room for another month or so.  As they locked me up they found the clock.  My "mother" laughed and snidely remarked how stupid I was for moving the clock out there.  "As if removing the case would do anything."  I was sitting depressed and apathetic when my brother Stuart came in.  He was sent to talk to me before they sent me to the chair for another try.  There was only a half hour left before my execution.  We talked in a friendly way- our petty differences that had caused so much hatred between us before didn't matter now.  Although in my depressed state I thought I had already lost all hope, him being there set the realization in further that I was going to be dead in a half hour and there was nothing I could do.  Stuart sat on the bench next to me.  I leaned over and wrapped my arm around his neck in a hug.  I whispered that I loved him.  Then once again I was led down the hall to the execution room.  When they opened the door, my family was there, as if it were a surprise party.  Somehow in the last month they decided that I wasn't guilty, and that was the surprise celebration.  I could tell they expected me to react surprised and be happy, but nothing in me changed.  I had been locked up for so long, there was no way I could be happy about it.  And they had not believed me for so long, there was no way I could forgive them for it and be happy.  My face remained blank and I remained responseless and depressed.  They sat me down in a chair- rather than an electric, it was a sleek black leather chair.  It was the model for a new car design.  Some time later, I had been rehabilitated sufficiently from my depression and apathy to get a job within society.  I got a part-time gig helping at parties, playing guitar in a band.  I was nervous because I didn't know how to play anything.  Then they put on a song I'd been listening to a lot lately, and I thought maybe through the repetition I could learn it.  I listened closely to pick out the notes, but I didn't know fully how to emulate them.  My left arm got tired so I switched and started strumming with it.  The organizing woman pulled me aside.  We shrank down to a few inches tall so we could talk without being noticed.  She wanted me to do something about my 'brother' who was wandering around.  We went big again and I went outside.  I was supposed to step on a small green grasshopper-like bug.  I started to corner it with my feet, and then I told it to go wait somewhere, I would meet it later.  The woman was somewhat surprised.  We went back inside.  There was another sort of reunion party.  I was shown the next model of the leather car seat, now with some blue.  I sat down.  It was comfortable and sort of molded itself to my body.  I think massagers were about to go on when I was pushed out of the chair- now it was so high tech a regular person couldn't drive it, it came with a driver.  A woman came and sat down.  I was to sit in the seat next to her, upside down.  I was wearing a beige sweater.  A man sitting to the left of me looked down at me and said he couldn't really see my breasts at that angle like he'd wanted.  I went to the corner and talked to my good online friend Del on a computer.  I don't remember what my question was.  The answer was the Smiths- something to do with them being my 'family' or people I could rely on as friends in the future.  Del's message also contained other information- that I would meet them through a triple domestic fire- we would all end up homeless together.  I was upset by this and wanted to ask him whether I would lose anyone close to me in the fire, but I was pulled away.  Then it was day and I was outside.  I was newly released from the rehab I had gone through, I think and trying to reacquaint myself with the city.  I talked to a guy I met and he was going to help me out with a place to stay for the night.  He was friendly, and I was grateful.  He had to go to work so we parted for the time.  Then I got to thinking about what we'd talked about.  I walked around the corner to the movie theatre where he worked.  I went inside.  He worked the concession stand, which was actually inside the theatre rather than in the lobby.  He was working the new, popular movie.  The theatre was huge, and quite full.  There were three people at the concession stand and asked for ___ (don't remember his name).  He was the furthest away.  He pulled me toward the handicap seating to talk as there was a light there, and he was showing me directions.  I explained how all my stuff had been cleared out of the last place I was staying (thinking for school) and aside from there, my nearest home was across the country.  So I decided to stay and be his roommate (I don't remember what his offer was..I wasn't being presumptuous though) and I thought I should talk to my old landlord and give him my notice.  He said he wouldn't be able to leave until after the movie, and so he was going to give me directions to get there so I wouldn't have to wait.  I was surprised how loud he was talking.  He didn't seem concerned for the audience, partly because he was tired of the movie's popularity.  There were three different routes one could take to bike to the place.  The first was most direct, 3.5 miles, but had some hills.  The other two routes were progressively easier but a lot longer.  I decided I would try the first one.  I was happy how things were working out.  I left the theatre and crossed the street.  It was starting to get dark.  I was following directions.  I was looking for "27 Seitan 6th St."  I was confused, first walking towards what I thought might be Seitan and then realized the street name was actually the number, so I went right.  