I was flying a plane along the freeway.  I made a sharp turn along an onramp and brought the plane in lower.  I was nervous, not sure how close I was to the ground or how fast I should bring it down, or even if the part of the road I was on was long enough for me to land on.  The sides opened up to a gravelly area.  I managed to land the plane.  I was driving my mother's car home, and sort of lost control- I went off the road and over the cliff, but 'magically' had enough momentum that I was able to swerve the car back onto the road rather than descending down the cliff side.  I saw my boyfriend Jeremy's boots on the road.  I was in the apartment with Jeremy and was talking with someone on the phone- they told me that my friend from high school Kally was pregnant and that she and her fiancé were happy.  I thought it was ridiculous, that she's so young and in college and happy about having kids, yet this thought was hypocritical.  I got off the phone and Jeremy and I went into the bedroom and sat on the bed.  We were brainstorming the name of our daughter.  I looked behind me at a picture of her to help think of a name.  In the picture she looked to be about two years old although she must have been a newborn to not yet have a name.  She was cute, with curly black hair, though she looked more Mexican than Japanese.  I suggested the name Analisa, but Jeremy didn't care for it.  I started to think maybe Dawn.  Then I was at my parents' house getting ready for class.  I was pregnant and going to take a bath to ease the stress of it.  On my way to the bathroom to check the water I looked at my eyes in the hall mirror.  They were small, barely open like I'd just woken up, and had pinpoint pupils.  The skin around them looked pinkish-red and irritated.  This was somehow related to being pregnant.  Then I remembered I had been switched to a more advanced math class.  It was earlier.  I looked at my watch- 8:40.  I ran into my bedroom and grabbed the schedule.  I thought my class was the first column listed, and I'd already missed the class.  Then I realized I was in the second column.  The class started at 8:32.  Not too horribly late.  I scrambled to get dressed.  I yelled to my mother, who said to wait for her to get me a (BART) ticket, that it would be faster than buying one.  I told her I wasn't going to San Francisco.  It had been a while and I was trying to remember how to get to the high school.  I crammed my backpack and tossed on a button-up long-sleeved shirt, Jeremy's old blue one I use for a grubby shirt.  I nearly forgot to change out of my fleecy star pajama pants.  I threw on my royal blue sweats.  I looked for my mother's key and my purse.  I went to class.  It looked like a store, yet also a biology classroom.  I was supposed to be in math with my high school math teacher Mr. Johnson.  There were only about 12 desks, all facing the front of the store, the windows.  I sat down and looked at how I was dressed.  I had Jeremy's brown booties on and some sort of purple plaid scuff-slippers that seemed to match my purple flannel pajama top- then I remembered I put on the blue shirt and it seemed to change color.  The classmates teased me- something about being Arthur.  Arthur was my 'younger brother', and I guess I'd gone to his class instead of my own.