I was starting a new class.  The room was sort of grey.  I had two books.  I looked them over briefly.  One had a red cover but the pages were like that of a magazine, that don't erase well.     Problems in them- I would get to do fun homework again, and I was somewhat excited about that.  I decided I'd have to type my homework out like I did in 5th grade rather than use the crappy paper in the book.  Looking at the problems I decided it must be some sort of physics class, but it looked fairly easy.  I looked forward to the class.  Somehow related to the class, I had to get new clothes.  I went to a store in the mall and started looking at things to try on.  There were some skirt-shirt sets I really liked, and I grabbed a few to try on.  I saw my former friend Jenna in the store, and I called her over.  She put her clothes on a rack before coming.  My idea was for her to join me and we'd try on our clothes together.  I got her clothes and brought them over to the rack I was at.  She stuck her money in a "sale" sign we were standing near.  The outfit I was looking at in front of me was like some of the other skirt-shirt sets but the skirt was green and the top wasn't as busy as some.  We both decided we liked this one the best out of the styles, but Jenna said none of them would fit her.  I looked and decided I wanted to try one on anyway.  I started taking off my clothes to try the outfit on, and I realized that was odd to do in public, but then I continued anyway.  The fitting rooms weren't for trying on the clothes, but just for the mirrors, and you go there after you have the outfit on.  So I got dressed, and I grabbed Jenna's money- I was going to hand it back to her because I thought it was in a bad place and she would forget about it.  It was about $30.  She saw me holding it though and misinterpreted, thinking I was taking it.  I tried to explain but remembered she was mad at me- there was very little chance I would convince her of what I was really trying to do.