I went into my maternal Grandma Jane's kitchen with my friend Mike.  He had a small cage full of animals on the floor and we knelt to look at them.  Parakeets, hamsters, mice, a rat..all in the same cage, though some sectioned off.  Thirty animals total, from my count.  Then we were somewhere else and I was sitting on a couch.  Mike was in front of me.  He noticed and said, "Oh, look where my hands are."  They were on my chest.  Though his hand placement was accidental I took his pointing it out to be a 'first move' and responded, though maybe it was mutual.  I leaned in and we started kissing.  It was electrifying, the excitement I'd been looking for.  We went into the family room and continued the kissing there.  He was standing on the stair and I didn't want him to fall backward so I grabbed his shoulder roughly.  We continued kissing for a while until my father came in.  My dad went to bed and I followed him in and lay on the bed.  He asked me if I could levitate.   So I got up and tried to balance myself on his knee doing the "airplane".  Then I went and tried to get a job with an insurance company.  They gave me their card and I realized it was the same of a couple professors.  Somehow this was suspicious, and although I didn't think my teachers were guilty of anything, the evidence (for what exactly I don't know) was there and I led two of them, one at a time, to my parents who led them into a cornfield.  I felt guilty for turning them in.  I went back to my room at my parents' house.  It was night, a holiday, perhaps Thanksgiving.  Mike called.  I tried closing my door so we could talk privately, but the phone quality on his end didn't seem so good so I was compelled to talk louder.  We talked about the kissing.  He said it didn't do anything for him.  I was surprisingly not fazed by the insult/rejection and replied "well, that will make it easier to avoid it happening again in the future."  I was still debating whether or not or how to tell my boyfriend Jeremy.  He said no- the kissing really got him going, it was shoulder grabbing he didn't like.  He came over, into my room and looked at me.  I leaned toward him and we started kissing again.  Then I was in the back room, perhaps the bathroom, of a plane.  There was some question about the destination or flight path. 