I was a teacher, or teacher's assistant, working in a classroom with students on reading.  I had to leave the room- I was going to take them down, perhaps to the computer lab, and had to check to make sure it was open.  I left the room.  The building I was in was sort of a dark pyramid shape, partially underground.  The classroom was to the left of the front door of the building.  I got into the elevator in front of me.  I went down and then up again, but not to a place I could get out.  I went up and down again and ended up on a lobby floor, though not the same floor as the classroom.  I decided to get out here and walk since the elevator didn't seem to be working right, and I wanted to get off on a floor where I could get out, for fear of not being able to get out of the building if the elevator continued acting up.  I stepped out and the elevator doors closed on me, the left pressing against my back, the right side against my chest.  I managed to wiggle out and got out of the building.  I was in a parking lot to a small plaza, sort of U-shaped.  To the let was another building by the same builders.  This one was much more block-shaped, and I noticed the difference in style between the two as I expected two buildings by the same company to look similar.  The blockish building to my left was labeled something like "Bee_les", with triplet music notes in between or in place of the T.  There was some sort of symbolism with the name being "Beetles" rather than "Beatles"- like the Beatles, only more original/traditional, or something like that.  Then I was with several people- an old man who I seemed to think of like my boyfriend Jeremy and some others I was with.  The man led us gingerly across some irrigation pipes suspended over a field of tall grass (or some sort of crop) that had grown as high as the pipes (5'ft maybe).  He took us to the back right corner near a fence to look at some of the piping.  It looked relatively clean, but sort of brassy/rust-colored.  There were some ants crawling across it.  The man was concerned about this portion- that it had a hole or was weak perhaps.  We looked at it and although it seemed okay, it looked old.  I said it should be replaced, and as we walked back, I thought about the possible consequences if he waited until he replaced it when it broke- the field flooded.  I thought about how the crops would do while the pipes were missing- they would have to be covered or shaded somehow so as not to dry/burn the crop, but then I thought that maybe that was overboard, because grass is hearty.  