There was some outing with my family, perhaps to a concert.  My dad was complaining about the time.  It was after midnight already and we were just leaving.  Then outside my mother was talking to someone.  They left her with three animals.  One was a dog, and one was a black kitten- Bibo, my online friend's missing cat.  They were on a leash and something was said that they were from across the country.  My mother didn't know whose cat it was or that my friend's cat was missing, so I'm not sure why she took them in.  When I saw them, though, I ran outside and took the leash, and led them around the side into the backyard.  There were two rather large male mallard ducks in the back yard.  I went back into the house, as I was anxious to tell my friend I'd found her cat.  My brother Stuart was in the hallway.  He was tall, and tan, muscly, and greased up.  I felt his abs.  I thought about explaining I wanted to feel them as my boyfriend Jeremy's would never be like that, but I decided against it..there was no need to put Jeremy down like that.  Our cat Buster was in the rumpus room, and he was not fond of Bibo being there.  Back in the backyard, there was an overhang where my parents' bedroom is.  A group was there..including my father and some of his family members and my godmother Melinda Swenson's friend Millie.  They were setting up a long, winding waterslide, although it didn't descend greatly.  Someone test-ran it, and then it was moved out to the grass.  I was going to test it then, but it was recommended that I take something like a Claritin first, though I couldn't figure out why.  So I went to test the slide although I was fully clothed.  I couldn't figure out where to get on, and then realized- they'd moved the elevation platforms for the slide, but not the slide pieces themselves.  It was silly and I sort of made fun of them pointing it out by sitting on one of the supports and rocking back and forth on it, pretending I was on the slide.  Then I was at a table with my best friend Emma and a few other people.  We were taking some sort of math quiz, on black paper.  There were four questions, something about a man and a woman.  The options for the first question were 1, 2, 4, 5, 7, and 8.  The answers were similar for the last question, and Emma began to think all the questions had the same answer.  She was talking to me about this, but I was trying to ignore her.  I didn't want to cheat.  I pointed to the list of numbers at the top, but that was pretty much it.  I thought about how much college changed her ethics.  There was a rustling on the other side of the yard, and the teacher, Bill Cosby, came over to talk to me.  I was afraid he was going to get after me for the cheating, but he seemed to sympathize, knowing I didn't want to.  This was reassuring, and then he went back inside.  The class was moving on to the next activity.  Two of the students had a homemade didgeridoo.  I was going to learn how to play it.  The girl asked if I knew anything about it and I said, "the idea is not to blow, but to create vibrations, right?"  She said yes.  It was a long narrow cardboard box with clear plastic boxing with divisions to make tubes.  I tried blowing in the end of the box, but was unsuccessful, and I gave up.  The teacher came out.  It was a Blue Man (from the Blue Man Group).  The class worked on making music, using some expensive professional drumming equipment.  They were playing music from "The Complex" and I started bopping to the music, but I was hurrying, trying to finish up my quiz, sitting near the fence.  The math calculations were decided upon, I think, but I was cutting out construction paper to make a sort of stocking and a moon, and I think a drum.  The teacher approached me at one point and looked me close in the face, and then went back to the drumming while I hurriedly tried to finish.  