Don't exactly remember order of things.  I was eating Chinese food in the street with my best friend Emma.  She was going to eat the meat and I would have the other parts.  I asked my boyfriend Jeremy and he said the chopsticks weren't clean.  My former friend Jenna was there and she was being friendly.  I noted this, thinking it wasn't just a dream this time.  Her old friend Becky was there, and she took the pineapple from the sweet and sour food.  I wanted it, but didn't say anything.  There was something that seemed like a teacher reunion.  Someone asked my mother about my elementary school classmate Amelia Addison.  The other 6th grade teacher from my elementary school was there.  I left the group to check out a Tae Kwon Do class nearby.  I stretched and did the splits.  The teacher came in and saw me, and commented on my stretch and method.  I explained how I'd taken martial arts in Jeremy high and that's where I developed the stretch. He asked what kind of martial arts, and I said, "tae kwon do and ji-tsu savate and karate."  He mentioned something about being able to get up through a blue belt in tae kwon do on one's own.  It was then I realized what I said and corrected myself on the karate form.  I said I was a blue belt though, almost a brown belt, but I couldn't test because of my knee and my instructor moved. I really wanted to get back into martial arts, which is why I had been checking out the studio.  I want to get back to karate but can't afford it.  He was kind though and held the pad so I could throw a few kicks.  Over and over again, and I felt my kicks getting weaker as it progressed. I realized lost strength since giving it up, too.  I started twisting to the left a bit and repositioned myself and tried kicking again.  The weakness was disappointing.  His class was starting though and I thought I should get back to my own group.  I left dejected about my weakness and monetary restrictions.  I vowed that if I ever get back to some form of karate, I would stick with it so as not to lose strength or skills again.  I entered the room where the rest of the group was.  Students were sitting in a circle, alternating between on their knees and cross-legged.  There were two teachers, my 3rd/4th grade teacher Mrs. Drager and my brother Stuart's 3rd/4th grade teacher Ms. Marble.  Ms. Marble had a pointy nose.  I sat down between them.  A bit later I went outside with my mother and someone.  There were poles structured for holding swings, but there were dangling sticks rather than swings.  I swung them a bit.  There was a little ledge and a squirrel that I had some sort of affinity to, fed it or something.  My mother said she didn't want to listen to my online friend Starla and my friend Mike talk about the moon on the trip home like they did on the way over.  I agreed that it was annoying.  Something to do with my shoes.  Then I was standing at the kitchen table.  My parents gave me six condoms.  I separated one and started to open it, and told my boyfriend Jeremy to go to the bedroom.