My friend Ray and I were playing around boxing at each other's fists in a little narrow box of a boxing ring.  I guess the sides were lined with magazine photos or something, and I saw pictures of my brother Stuart.  I started punching at those, more seriously and forceful.  Ray and our friend Mike and I, and perhaps my boyfriend Jeremy, were standing outside of a building.  The sky was orangey, perhaps it was sunset.  My mother's Saturn was parked off to the side.  Ray decided he had to leave to finish his final papers for school.  Mike saw a sort of manhole and decided to check it out.  He found something in the depths that he claimed looked like a corpse of a baby.  I asked why, as it looked blockier, a rock with green alien-like eyes.  He continued to insist on the baby resemblance.  I started to ascend from the hole again.  In the second level, a sort of basement area, I had to swing a bit from the rafters to get away from this 'baby' that disturbed me a little bit.  Then the several of us (I'm not sure if Ray was still around) were exploring a house.  There was a sort of competition, and we kept playing up to convince each other that the house was haunted, and would make the other go first.  One spot was a small opening that had to be crawled through.  I was the first to enter a large sort of library type room.  As I entered I sort of floated, and turned my body so my feet were facing a book shelf- I was trying to convince the others the gravity in the room was very strange.  As I went further in, I would turn a bit more.  We were all trying to fool each other about the house being haunted, but at some point, we found out it really was, by some past relatives I think.  Then there was a little kid with us..maybe 7 years old.  He was cocky and annoying.  He'd run up my credit card to over ten thousand dollars.  I didn't care for him, but I didn't say anything because I wasn't sure it was my card and assumed it was his brother's, so I had no place to say anything.  At some point it did come out that it was my card, and I was pissed.  I went outside and started yelling at the kid.  He was then a small grey kitten, and he was crying- the fur around its eyes were wet.  He deserved to be yelled at but I felt guilty for making the kitten cry.  He reminded me of our cat Nina.  