Parking garage.  I followed the car of radio personality Janine and washed her windows I think.  There was some reason I wanted to talk to her.  I went into a lecture hall.  She was the instructor.  I sat down in a left aisle seat near the top of the stadium-seating classroom.  There was a boy sitting next to me, and a girl next to him.  Janine played Dido's "White Flag" and I sort of sang along to myself, but trying not to disrupt the people around me.  She asked what it elicited up in people.  The dark-haired girl two seats away from me said "Strawberry".  Janine didn't really understand and hesitantly said, "okay.." and then went on to ask another student.  I wondered by the girl's answer if she was a synesthete, and I was anxious for the break so I could ask her.  She looked over at me and said, "synesthesia".  I smiled and gave her a big thumbs up with my left hand, nodding, though strawberry was far too tart for Dido's voice.  I was looking forward to the break that I could talk to her.  I don't think it was directed at me, but she had said something about being a freshman, and something indicating that I was the person who she learned about synesthesia from.  I noticed a nice, friendly-looking boy sitting in a chair in the aisle right near me.  I don't know if he had just sat down or if I just noticed him.  He pulled me onto his lap right before the break.  I was pleasantly surprised by his flirting and sort of wanted to kiss him, but didn't out of faithfulness to my boyfriend Jeremy.  At the same time as he pulled me over, I realized this would mean I have very little chance to talk to the other synesthete, which was slightly disappointing, but I did nothing to discourage the boy.  The boy was handed a box of cinnamon graham crackers.  We each took half of one and the rest were passed out around the classroom.  I guess he hadn't had graham crackers before, because he asked where to get them.  I told him the grocery store carries them.  Then after class we were outside looking across the street at a plot of land surrounded by old buildings.  The boy was now John Lennon, and I guess he was pleased that the plot of land, the town 'square' was finally being made square rather than the rectangle it had been.  Looking at the back side of the 'square' (which was now a large hole) John quickly descended into the hole by a ladder.  This was all somehow supposed to be a replay of John Lennon's life.  Some of the others from class and I watched him.  He made some sort of gesture that some girl said was a metaphor for beating his wife (Cynthia) "another 15 billion times."  I guess because of this he was sentenced to death.  For some reason I had been too, as well as a bunch of other people.  "John" and I were at the front of the line, though.  It was all orchestrated by Janine.  "John" was the first one to go in.  It was in a house.  Janine led me into the living room where the chairs and a couch were arranged facing the mantle.  This was a makeshift church so we could repent before our death.  I knelt and leaned my chin on the back of the couch, shifting to the left a little as my view of the mantle wasn't centered.  It still wasn't after my shift because the couch was on the right side and there was an aisle down the middle, but I decided it was satisfactory.  I prayed.  I didn't know why I was being sent to death, but it wasn't something I questioned.  I didn't feel completely all of myself somehow.  I asked God to forgive all my sins.  Janine was standing in the doorway to the right and trying to rush me on, taking the praying as a formality rather than something we might truly want or take seriously.  I tried to ignore her and continue my prayer for God to take care of the people I cared about.  I think she left the room briefly to attend to the next person in line after me.  The thought briefly crossed my mind that she had left me alone.  I could easily try to escape out the back door, which was open, and I wondered if John had escaped.  Janine came back and led me into the kitchen where we were to kill ourselves.  I didn't see John's body but I did see a few light spatters of blood on the other side of the kitchen table.  Janine was in the corner to my left and I was standing at the table.  We were expected to kill ourselves, but I was not about to do this as I had already repented.  I sort of wondered if I would be able to anyhow.  I was going to remain silent.  Breaking it somehow felt wrong.  So I held my wrist to Janine, hoping she would understand that I wanted her to kill me so I wouldn't have to do it myself.  I was glad when she picked up the scalpel, that she would kill me, although it wasn't procedure.  I almost felt like pointing out to her that doing so would make her a murderer and she would have to die for her sins, too.  This thought amused me, that her sense of justice would do her in, and she didn't even realize it.  She suggested slicing across the neck.  I worried that the blade was dull and that it would be painful.  I lifted my chin up, exposing my neck so she could kill me.  I felt jittery with nerves in expectation of pain as she sliced from behind my left jawbone all the way across to my right jawbone.  I could feel the pressure of the knife, but thankfully there was no pain.  I expected I would now sit down and slowly bleed to death, and I turned to nod in thanks.  I inhaled, and was caught off-guard when doing so drew blood into my trachea, making it difficult to breathe.  I would suffocate on my own blood, not by bleeding to death.