I was at the observatory.  All the people working there were about 20 years younger.  They all seemed like actors from British Comedy.  They were working on some sort of robot.  Then I was in a backyard, lying on some sort of suspended wooden shelf, talking to my old housemate Andre.  I noticed the shelf was shaky and he said it was probably from the way we got on- 'jumping' on from the picnic bench putting more weight than simply slowly easing onto it.  He grabbed the chain and it started to swing.  He rose up to the shelf and I came down onto the ground.  Then in my parents' backyard I was talking to my boyfriend Jeremy.  Other people were around.  A car came hovering down and parked in the neighbor's yard.  I pointed it out to Jeremy.  This hovering car was an improvement made by aliens.  Society was excited about these improvements and hovering cars and welcomed the aliens without question.  With the improvements being made, I was recruited to take down the fencing around a swimming pool.  Fences were something that would no longer be needed due to the improvements.  While doing this I had to wonder how invasive the aliens would be with their improvements.  I had mixed feelings but was mostly apprehensive about having my Volvo readjusted into a hover-car.  The adults were more excited about the aliens than the kids were, and any questioning thoughts were not received well.  Something came out while taking down the fence, and I was sent to the garage.  There was a small pink pig that I talked to and I knew would help me.  I kissed it on the snout and sent it to do something to help free me.  The adults had started to put jewelry and potatoes in the driveway.  This was supposed to be a sort of kryptonite to us.  My English online friend Mary was in the garage with me, and she knew somehow how to deal with the potatoes.  My brother Stuart said allergies were why they were used to confine us, and I guess Mary was immune.  We got out of the garage.  I saw the pool; it was frozen over.  I had some of the 'magical' ability that Mary had had, and I touched the pool, melting the water.  Once it had melted, there was only about three inches of water in it.  Somehow this reaffirmed to me that the good the aliens were doing was just a cover-up for other intentions.