I am at a beach looking out across the sand toward the ocean. I see a family, a woman seated in a beach chair with her children playing near her. The older child (like Dovre) notices the water bottle is empty and takes it to fill it with more drinking water. After she leaves, the woman has a seizure and stands up looking for her water bottle. She can't find it and needs to drink water to ease the seizure. She is very angry at the children. She calls them stupid and worthless. She comes up near me and sits by me, telling her small child he is worthless. The child winces and I feel empathy and sadness for the child. I tell the woman, "This isn't right." I lecture her on how the child will hear her words and try to live up to them. "So you should tell your child positive things." Dovre returns with a full bottle of water and some food. Everyone eats. The woman had been angry at me at first but was now agreeing with me. I decide I'm hungry and the food is gone, so I ask where she got the food. "The little store, but they haven't much of a selection," she answers. So I go into the little store. Bakery goods or packaged snack junk food - cookies, cakes, corn chips, pretzels, etc. I notice then a door, and through the door I see a small town's main street. I edge near the door peering, thinking maybe there's a restaurant or another store with more nutritious food, but decide it's too much work. I decide to find something in here. There is a shelf of little old-fashioned TVs. The owners are looking at me suspiciously like I might grab something and run through the door. I get some stuff and go back to the family. Now "I" am a woman waiting at the table and a drunk young man returns with the food. There is a bowl of good fresh milk on the table. He ("I") drink some with a ladle. It tastes very good and refreshing. He feels thirsty. I now watch him try to talk. He is drunk or acting drunk. He has a card in his mouth to help him talk slurred. He then stands and tells the group that he loves me and he kisses me tenderly on my cheek. I think, of course, he's so affectionate, he's drunk, but I'm touched. I then see an outline of a theory written like on a blackboard. A ........... I say, "If someone is loved at A and their parents had given them a good message, then when it's over, they, after mourning, can move into B and feel love again." Judith is lecturing about the importance of parental positive conditioning.