I had a dream last night, and it was about me and a few of my friends fell down a big hole going into another world, and we ended up in a big room with lots of aisles. And there was a guy who looked like a zombie, and he was going through each aisle, and we had to run from him because he was mean. And so we went through a door and we ended up in the local community center, and we had to go swim in a swimming pool. Then we went to the beach, and this guy taught me how to surf and swim really good in the ocean. And then we went to school, and then for a school project this lady turned us all into animals, and I was a chipmunk and this other guy was a really tiny horse. And my other friend was a squirrel and my other one was a worm. So we had to live like that through all the seasons, including the winter, and this lady, she said, "I'll donate my car so you guys can live in it." And so we brought all our animal stuff into the car, and we started to get comfortable, but we didn't need to do the project yet. So we went outside to have fun and all, and we fell through another hole, and it was a coconut club. And no kids were allowed there, neither were animals. So we were walking around trying not to be seen, and we ended up on the stage and people saw us. And this lady went, "Hey, those are animals. They're not allowed in here!" That's because they were having a meeting. So we were running up the aisle trying to get back to the hole, and we saw these ropes that were swinging back to our homes. So we got on them and we each swung back home. And when I got home, I joined gymnastics again, and I was in Level 6 -- not Level 5 -- and yeah. I didn't know who anybody was, so when I got in, everybody, the coach said, "You have to swing on the bar nine times." And so I got on the bar, and when I jumped to the high bar, I forgot that my leather jacket was still on, and it was like farther than my hands, so I couldn't grip the bar. And so I was trying to swing nine times, but it was really hard. So I went down and I took off my leather jacket, and then we ran around for exercise, and we went to, yeah, and I couldn't find my team. But then I found them at the trampoline. And yeah, and apparently we were having our teams on the trampoline, and the coach said, "Okay, who remembers their routine?" And I didn't know any of it, and this girl, Ryan, her name was Ryan, didn't really know her routine, and the coach said, "Okay, Ryan, you have to work on that routine." And so then it was snack time and I got my snack from my locker and I was going out of the lady's locker room, and Emily -- she was the only girl I really knew there -- and she said, "I have to tell you something." And I go, "Okay, I'm listening." And she goes, "It's going to be really hard to tell you, but I really like you!" And I said, "Okay, I'll get back to you on that later." And so I left my snack, and then we went upstairs and we had our dancing lesson, and then my mother came and picked me up and we went home.