There was a man, an evil sort of man, maybe almost a devil or something, who had this other group of men around him who did his bidding. These men were all eunuchs, but could still have intercourse. It seems in this dream that I was one of the men who was a follower of this man. It was in the summer, and it was in the mountains. There was a big camp not too far away for girls and boys. It was mostly a girls' camp. I had gone there several times before. There was a girl there whom I had caused by my magical powers to fall in love with me. But at any rate, the reason I was going to this camp now was because there was a boy there who was one of this man's followers, but hadn't been completely initiated into it or something, and I was supposed to tell him to come back with me. As I went toward the camp, it was a beautiful walk, there was a lot of little streams to cross and mossy banks to climb. Finally I got there. It's a little bit confused, but I went inside and into this big room which served as their library where the boy was working behind a desk, and he got frightened when he saw me. I couldn't really talk to him because there were other people in the room. He seemed to have gotten my message, and I went out, but in a while I came back again. This time there were even more people in the library, so I didn't get to talk to him. So I left again and I went out by this little side door and started across a brick walk under some trees. There were several girls who had just come back from the store, taking groceries out of this big station wagon and carrying them into the house. I didn't particularly want to be seen. So I tried to make myself inconspicuous as I walked past. Then as I went back toward the man, wherever this place was, I started thinking about this girl who went to another planet. There was some strange force. I had about 5 or 6 girls in love with me. It was a strange force, sort of double. I thought if I went away that one of these double parts of this force would follow me, but the other would stay. This part of the dream sort of faded and it was entertainment night at the university here. People had been putting on some plays. I thought of the play that I had recently thought up, and wondered if it might be able to be presented here. I was talking to the people. I was still this person or still anyhow a boy, and this girl beside me was in love with me, I guess. We were at the beach and there were several big ocean-going boats. We were going on this cruise with a whole lot of people. We got on one boat and we were sitting there not thinking about much of anything or talking about anything, and all of a sudden this huge storm came up out of nowhere and destroyed the boat. It was sort of like reading a novel. I thought about the ending and what would happen, and I thought of several ways of what might happen. It seems the one that finally happened was that I was a girl holding onto a life preserver, but I thought about how it would end, what would happen and I didn't know exactly what was going to happen.