In this dream my husband I were walking down a little road in the mountains somewhere and we came to a large house and there was a man standing out on the road in front of the house. We started talking to him. He had two huge dogs, a Great Dane and a St. Bernard, that came out from the house. He told us not to be nervous about them and that they wouldn't hurt us. They were just playful. So they came galloping up and began to jump around and everything. I wasn't particularly afraid of them, but they were just huge dogs. The woman of the house came out and we started talking. Both of these people were in their middle or late thirties. She asked me if I liked riding. I said I did; I hadn't ridden in a long time, wasn't very good. Then she asked if I would like to, and I said, "Of course I would." Then these two dogs weren't dogs any more, but they were horses. That didn't particularly astonish me. One of them was a Parcharon, that was the one that had been the Great Dane, I think, and the other one was just a big horse. So we were leading the horses around to the back of the stables to get them saddles and everything. I began noticing as we were back there that there was something a little strange about her attitude. She wanted me to ride this bigger horse. Of course, it was a Parcharon, but it was still a good riding horse. I mean, it wasn't just a work horse. She wanted me to ride it, and I finally realized over the corner of the stable was a strange little anthropoid. It was mostly monkey. He was dark and he had sort of fur all over him, but he was also human. His strangest attribute was that he had four arms, and he was working at some sort of counting machine. He was putting up bunches of silverware and linen, putting them away into little bags and labeling them all neatly. I asked the woman what he was doing and she said, "Oh, he's burying them." I realized that this stuff was wedding gifts for her sister, who was supposed to have been married in a few days, but her sister had been killed. It seemed to me that she had been over to our place. This included my family--my brothers and my sister--when she had been killed. We hadn't murdered her and I realized there was going to be a trial. Mainly my older brother. He's about 20. She had been climbing some trees with him and she had fallen down and been killed apparently. I realized that this woman thought that they had murdered her intentionally, although I don't know why they would have done it because we didn't know the people. She was going to try to take her revenge by having me apparently killed in some sort of riding accident. So I left and I was in with my brother and maybe my sister and somebody else. We went down the road talking about it, and going over what we would say in court because we knew it had been an accident.