I was with some man roughly my age, a little older. He was telling me that he has to commute every day between these two places and that there's no road, so he has to walk. We're standing beside this narrow, recently completed road as we talk. It's in some foreign country, maybe Africa, North Africa. As we're standing there beside this narrow little road, which has very narrow shoulders, huge trucks and cars were driving by at a high speed. It's sort of unnerving because there's such a narrow shoulder and you can't get off the road very easily. But we started walking down the road toward the place where he had to go. And after we walked for a little while, we came to a place where the road goes under this big dam. For some reason we couldn't follow it. We have to go over the dam. Though we call it a dam, it doesn't have any of the qualities that you think of in a dam because there isn't a light pilot behind it. There is to one side of it and there isn't a stream of water coming over on this side of it. It is just a very high, steep cement barrier. So we started climbing up this. It was a pretty rough climb and you could look over the edge and see this big drop down below that was sort of scary. Somehow another girl had gotten into it. She was climbing up too. When we got up to the top, we saw that we couldn't go any farther for some reason. There was a big, high wall to scale and we couldn't go any farther. So we looked over the edge and down below, along the side. There were some children playing beside the edge of the lake. To attract their attention, one of us threw something down close to them which broke, sort of, as it had been glass. Then some people came up to us, and to get them to help us, we told them that we would give them something we had. What we had was supposed to be a radio communicator to communicate with the United Nations. It was illegal to have it, but we had it. So they agreed to help us and return from this thing. We went over to the edge of the wall and it was about 20 or 30 feet down to the water. One of the people who was helping us to jump down, we--I and another person--didn't very much like this idea. There was another way to climb down, so we did this. Then we had to jump into the water and swim over to their little boat for some reason and then swim back again. So we did this and then I was trying to fix a gadget that we had till we knew that it was something else, and knowing that they would probably never be able to use it.