I was in this old office building. I don't' know exactly how tall it was, maybe about 90 stories, and I was down in the coffee shop of this building. I had a job in this building. It was on the 84th story. This was pretty important. There was one elevator in the building and also a flight of stairs and the elevator was a very strange elevator because it had buttons in it just for a few of the stories, for the 3rd and 9th and the 25th and a couple of others. But everything about that was unmarked. There were no buttons to push to get there and you had to walk this strange contraption to get to the level that you wanted. I don't remember how I got up to this 84th story into this new job that I had, but I got up there somehow. I guess the job was some sort of secretarial work. I don't remember exactly what I was doing, but towards the end of the day when I wanted to go home, I noticed that there was nobody in the elevator to work it. I asked somebody about it and they said you were supposed to work it yourself. I didn't understand how to work it. I knew I would never work it right to get back down to the ground again. Also it took a fairly long time for this elevator. It was an old rickety thing to get up all the way to the top and back again, all the way down and back. So I walked around for a while and found this janitor and I asked him if he could run the elevator for me. We had quite a discussion about it, and he told me how to work it, and he told me he couldn't work it for me and he couldn't take the time unless there were 25 people going down. He took me to the elevator and showed me how it worked. There was a belt of some sort. If you pulled down on it, you would go down. If you pulled up on it, you would make the elevator go up. But, of course, you had to keep stopping and seeing if you were at the right place because there was no way of telling as there was no indicator inside the elevator. As the elevator shaft was open, you could see all the way down it. The elevator itself was only this wooden platform held up by some ropes. When I tried to step on it, it got smaller and smaller until it was just about 2 or 3 inches across. So I didn't much want to get on the thing. I went into the ladies' room and sat down on a couch and had a cigarette while I was thinking what to do. It was about 4:30. A bunch of people were there waiting for the elevator. I didn't think it was safe to go on it, so I decided that I would go down the stairs and started going down, and almost before I knew it, I was on the ground. It seemed like I had come down maybe about 10 flights and I had found it hard to believe that I was on the ground level. I went out through some doors in the building. It was real new. There was a green one and some parking lots. And across the way a little bit another wing of the building where the mechanics and people who worked in the building lived. It was strange that on this side of the building it seemed to be so new because it seemed  such an ancient building when I first went in it. But at any rate, I was outside the building. Somewhere I had met one of the mechanics who worked in this building. I was very attracted by him, and I had a crush on him. So I went over toward the wing of the building where they lived to see if I could find him. I went inside a big door like a truck entrance. I found myself in this low steamy tunnel that had pipes on the ceiling. The floor was damp and it was very moist and steaming in there. I saw two men, but I was too shy to ask them if they knew this boy. So I turned around and came back. I was going back to the building where it now turned out that I lived, and was going to my apartment where I lived with my aunt. Then this boy came up behind me and put his arm around me. I was very happy to see him. He came on into the apartment with me and he was going to have supper with me. My aunt was already serving the supper. She was an old woman. I don't have an aunt like this. She was about in her 70's, and I could tell she didn't much like the idea of this man being here. But she got a third plate and started serving us. She had pork chops and fried onions and rolls and apples or something like that for our supper, but there wasn't very much of it and I was sort of sorry that he had come for supper because there really wasn't enough for three. I was very happy to be with this young man, yet I thought to myself if my husband knew, he'd be very upset because of it. I decided he wouldn't really be very upset. It gets a little confused after this, but at some time or other I was back upstairs again and going up on the 84th floor going down to the ground floor again. And this time a lot of other people were going down the stairs with me because I persuaded them it was faster than the elevator. Everybody was hurrying down just as fast as they could, including this one man who was pushing this other man in a wheelchair. Everyone was rushing him and he was going as fast as he could, but, of course, he was going a little bit slower than everybody else, so everybody was passing him.