The dream started off in my hometown at my parents' house where we were visiting. An old friend of ours, a woman in her late 30's, was coming down to see us and stay with us awhile. When she got there, there were these two men with her and there was something evil about these men. They planned to carry her off for some purpose of their own, I don't know exactly what. But these two men, at any rate, just came into the house and made themselves at home. Our friend told us about their plans, and we wanted to save her. These men were very suspicious and watchful. We felt that if they knew what we were trying to do, they would certainly find some way to stop us. We knew, for instance, that they had pistols. At last I found a way to tell my mother of the plot, not really sure that she would believe me, and persuaded her to call the police. Then came a sequence that has occurred to some extent in my dreams before of looking a number up in a telephone book and never being able to find the right number, and not being able to find the right place, and when you get there, find it is a different town or something. I told mother, "This is the most confusing telephone book I've ever seen." Finally, as it turned out, we had to call the operator, information, to get the right number, but we did. I guess the police said that somebody will have to come down there and tell us all about it before we can do anything because, at any rate, my husband and I went down to the police station. When we came there, thee was an old man sitting at an old desk, although the desk was the only thing in the whole place that looked like a police station. The rest of it looked like a big garage or car repair shop. We told him our problem: that this girl was going to be carried away by these two men. We just knew that this was going to happen and couldn't they please send out a couple of men and get these two, at least hold them for questioning or something. All the time we were wondering if these two characters might not have already taken her away. The man at the desk got two other men and they got in a car. They preceded us back. When we got there, the police weren't there. It seems perhaps they had come and gone or hadn't gone into the house or something. But these two men were trying to get our friend to go with them. They were strange people in the first place. They were sitting in the living room talking to each other and saying how each of them had a double heart. Now it seems they were using some sort of strange power, ESP power, over the mind of this girl, but they couldn't make any headway as long as she distracted herself, and she was distracting herself by reading something, just trying to be absorbed in something she was reading so they couldn't influence her. Exactly what happened after this, I'm not sure. But then I was walking down a long road or path. It seems I was coming back from school and had some books under my arm and was passing thru a factory district, at least there were big factory type buildings on either side. There were two, one on each side. They didn't have a dirty look of factories. They were set out in big open fields where it was green all around. Several other people were walking back the same way I was and we had to cross thru fences and things that were set up in the way. Then I passed a very strange place. There was a round enclosure and tall flag pole sort of thing I the middle of it. There was a fuse at the top of it that was burning and a couple of men standing there watching. I realized they were going to set off some sort of dynamite blast and I thought if these people are staying so close, it can't be so dangerous. But just the same, I walked down past on my little path for a ways. When I got under the shelter of a big tree, I turned around and looked. I heard the explosion, but I didn't see anything in particular. It seemed they were drilling for oil or something. I walked on and came to a place where I was supposed to cut off across the fields and some mountains, but the whole thing was covered with mist so that I couldn't se anything at all. Then a girl came up beside me and we decided we couldn't even cross the road because it was so misty that some car might hit us before we could see them or they could see us. So we would have to walk the long way down around the road. We were starting to do this and when we went around the curve and almost all of the mist seemed to have disappeared and it was all open and bright again. But for some reason we couldn't cut across the fields at this point because there was only one way to go. If we took any other way, we would lose our way. We were standing before a fence talking about it when all of a sudden a cow that was down in the pasture below, and this was on sort of a hillside so it was below us, jumped up and in just one leap it jumped over the fence beside us. We thought that any cow that could do this was pretty belligerent so we started running and it started running beside us and made another couple of huge impossible leaps for a cow to make. Then it made a leap trying to show how smart it was. Then there was a lady with a little baby in her arms sort of walking along or sitting there. The cow decided it would jump over these people, but it sort of missed and landed in the lady's lap. It didn't seem to hurt anybody very much. We stood there talking. I think my husband got into it again somehow. Then the lady was the friend who we tried to save from these people came by and somehow she had gotten away from them. She said something about if she only had her own car, that would have never happened.