I dreamed it was exam time and I was over in the hospital studying and some other people who were in my class came in. I started talking to them, and from their talk I figured out that I had been studying for the wrong thing entirely for the next day. It wasn't that all that I should have been studying for. I was real upset, but I wanted to see an exam schedule to make sure. I went into an office in the hospital that had something to do with the med school. I asked them if they had an exam schedule. I really didn't expect them to have one because the med school was on a different basis from the university. But I asked her anyhow and she said yes, she did. She was going to show me one and then she showed me all these ones that went up into the boys' individual rooms. While I was trying to figure it out, because it wasn't like an example schedule I'm used to, this doctor came in. He was a foreign doctor. I think he was German. He started asking me all these questions. He had been looking at my scholastic record and he thought it was mighty strange why I should be married and why I should have dropped out of med school after one year, which I didn't because I wasn't in med school. I was in biology though. He started asking me all sorts of questions. Why wasn't I working full-time instead of going to school? What I thought my husband was going to do. It was going to be a long time before we have any money and why didn't we have any savings, and a whole bunch of stupid stuff. I got real mad at him. I started telling him that my husband was going to have his Ph.D. in a year and that he was a very smart psychologist, and that what's more, he had a public health fellowship now and after he graduated, he was probably going to be out at the Menninger Foundation and he was going to have another public health grant tax free. It was going to be about $6500 per year. This doctor who irritated me so much was taken back by all this. He said, "$6500 per year? Are you sure? I only make about $4500 myself." But I don't remember what happened after this. It made me feel very good about telling off this person because he was irritating me.