I dreamed that I and my husband had died, and we were being given our choice of where we wanted to go, to heaven or to hell. There were 2 little booths where you bought tickets for either of these places. Heaven was on the left and hell was on the right. Hell had a big amusement park where all these people were running around like mad. There were all sorts of noises, all sorts of rides and things, Ferris wheels and all. Heaven was the big huge library with all these people sitting around tables reading. My husband was attracted to the amusement park, and I surely thought we could go over there for a while and then go to the library if we felt like it. I knew that if we bought a ticket to go there that we would be stuck forever. We would never be able to get out. So we ended up going to the library. There was every book you could imagine about everything you could think of. So we just sat down and started reading. But I wondered after a while if we were going to do this forever. I asked somebody who seemed to have a little bit more authority or freedom or something where the boss of this place was. She made some sort of ambiguous remark. I asked her what she was doing thinking she would give some sort of reply that would let me know whether she was just a person like we were or if she were some angel or something special here. She was working with some filing cards, a whole lot of them. She didn't really explain to me what she was doing, but I told her that I used to work with things like that and I hoped that someday that they would let me do something a little bit special instead of just sitting around. Then the scene changed and I and my husband and a bunch of strangely assorted people that I don't know, but I guess maybe we were all from heaven, and we were just visiting here, were up in this cabin in the mountains. These were a bunch of strange people. There were a couple of older people in their 60's or 70's and an old man and old woman maybe some younger people around our age. We were here in this cabin and outside there was something strange and evil that wanted to get in. It was a group of people. We really didn't have any effective defense against them. First they came over in an airplane or something and then a couple of men drove up in this big truck and came up to the door. We tried to lock the doors, but they really wouldn't lock too well. We planned what we would do if anybody came like this so we had a couple of revolvers and things. So as these two men go out of the truck and started coming up to the house I started shooting this revolver at them. But it didn't seem to do any good at all. The revolver didn't shoot right or something. Then these two people, two boys, had this what they thought was a bright idea, but what I thought was a stupid idea of hooking this hose up from outside and aiming at them as they came in the door. They thought this would surely take care of them. this old man got behind the door with this revolver that he had loaded with gold bullets. He started shooting at them, but the bullets didn't hit them. These boys turned the hose on them. I don't remember exactly what happened after that. I don't think anything in particular did.