This dream involves me and my husband and some person called a mother-in-law although it's not my mother or his mother. It's more like my father's mother. She's been dead for several years. At any rate we three were in the mountains at a park such as the Great Smokies. I think we were going on some sort of a camping trip together, but this mother-in-law wanted to have complete control over it. There was something to do with a will. She was going to bequeath such and such. Whether she was going to give it to us or not, I don't know. She was a wealthy old woman, but I didn't want to have her tell us what to do, so I said, "I'm not going to go with you. I'm going on my own camping trip." So they went to one place and I went to another. There was a big valley and 2 big mountains sloped up on either side. They started from the far mountain and I started from the closer one. We were both going down to the valley. That was 2 parts of the park, some sort of rectangular parts. Then over to the right of these were 2 more parts which were something like it. They were going to sort of work their way down toward one and I was going to work my way down toward the other one. It was quite a long distance and I was surprised that I covered it in one day. I was sure they probably wouldn't have, but when I looked over there they were setting up their camp and all. I was sort of mad. There was a lake between us. There were some ducks in this lake and it seems that one of the park wardens or somebody was telling me I could perform some great service by helping these ducks. I didn't know exactly what he meant. A pair of them came toward me pushing their nest thru the water to a more safe place. They wanted to anchor it down with mud because it seems a rival male duck would fight over the nest and try to break them away. So you had to anchor them down. So I helped this duck for quite a while finding clay and patting it down around the edge of the nest. Somehow it had something to do with a place that was a cross between a library and a drugstore. They were short of hands and they needed somebody to work there for a while and my husband was going to. He said he would take somebody's place who was going to be away. They set a time for him to be there. We went back to my university town and he called this place and asked the man if he should come in. The man was really nasty to him and said they had plenty of people and for him just not to bother. We didn't understand why he was going to do this.