Something had happened to our car, or at least it wasn't there. We had to go over to a nearby college  town, which is about 8 miles away. So we were riding bicycles, my husband and I. We were on the main highway for quite a while and then we took this dirt road. It was a country road and it had this number 1,000 on it. I knew for certain that it intersected with this other state highway, 954, which is where we eventually wanted to go, what we thought would be a good way to go. It was about 35 miles to where this intersected, but it didn't seem such a far distance. We were bicycling along down this road, which was gravel. There were farms on either side. Before we went down it very far, we came to this stone house, sort of set back from the road with a big picture window. On that picture window was this stone relief of this flapper type. I told my husband that that was a house of ill repute. Somehow I knew all about it. As we went on past, I told him that at one time this place had some connection with the church. I had been out there on some sort of a church function. Then it became a beauty shop and I'd been there one time. Now it was the house of prostitution and I'd never been there. We kept on riding and riding and started to get pretty tired. We came to a little crossroads which said it was 17 miles to the intersection where we wanted to go and then it was another long distance to back home. So I think we left our bikes there and walked back toward this house. When we got there, it was almost evening, and there were quite a few barrack-type houses set up all around now. So we got a room in one of these. It got dark and we tried to go to sleep. But I thought it was awfully hot and stuffy in the room, so I got up and crawled out thru the window and started walking around. Everybody was asleep except in this house of prostitution. You could look into the picture window and hear all the prostitutes sitting around this big table playing cards and the madam walking around. I was so fascinated and intrigued. I was watching them, but I didn't want them to see me out there because I thought they might not like anybody around like that. So I walked down some path and came to a larger one which went up this mountain. I started walking up it, but I was a little bit worried because I was barefooted and there was lots of broken glass around and it was pretty hard to see because it was dark. But I walked on and every once in a while I would meet somebody else on the path. Finally I got up to a point where it was really dark and the road went in 2 directions. Neither of them looked very sensible so I turned around and started to come back down. I met a woman who had been in a class of mine the preceding semester. She audited it. She's probably in her late 30's. I didn't particularly want her to see me so I started walking along, but she caught up with me and recognized me and started talking about classes and everything as we were going back down the path. When we got back to the bottom, there was a big room or something and she got quite belligerent and started shouting to me about different courses. Not understanding my answers, I'd have to shout back. I was sort of embarrassed because there were other people in the room. Then I believe I met another woman who I had worked with one time up in the Biology Dept. She also is in her late 30's. I started telling her that I had practically my master's thesis in biology, but I had done this psychology study on conditioning some rats. Then I was in this big room with a med student that I had known. All these people were working on their theses. I was going to work on mine too. These people were all typing up their theses, and all were going to do just one draft and they were going to have it done because they knew exactly what to say. I was trying to do it, but I soon realized it wasn't possible and I was going to have to type it over again. My husband came in at some point or another and we talked to second woman I had met. We sort of hinted to her that it would be nice if she would drive us down the road to where our bicycles were and pick them up and take us back to my university town. But she didn't seem to get the hint too well.