I remember going into a large building, something like a cross between a store and office building and a hotel. It was just around closing time. At least the sides were going in. My husband and I, perhaps it was just me, we went up a flight of stairs thru this big empty carpeted room, then down this little hall where there were some lamps still lighted. About the time we got to this hall we passed some employees putting on their coats and hats to leave. We went down this little hall and up another flight of stairs and across this waiting room or something like the NAACP, there was a Negro receptionist sitting behind the desk there and some chairs and coaches lined up against the wall. But we went right thru another little hall and I remember eating an apple. I wondered if it wasn't very nice for me to be munching on an apple as I walked past, then down thru another little hall which intersected with a larger one. There was a long bench like right in this hall across from this hall which we came out. A Negro girl was sitting there reading a magazine. She called to me as I was going past her. There was a door beside her and I was going to go in it for some reason. She said, "Have you seen this?" and she showed me a National Geographic magazine and in it were pictures of something I had remembered occurring a few weeks ago, but had no idea anybody would want to take pictures of it. It was a scene that had to do something with this friend of mine and her mother, neither of whom I care for too much. They were dressed alike. There were several other people in this room. What was going on in that room didn't make much sense to me as I look back on it. It seems that these people were getting ready to go to Europe or something like that, which in actual life they are. Maybe this was a little send-off committee or something, but my friend and her mother were presented these big pillows by somebody or another. They were very happy with them. Then my friend wanted to know if it wasn't something or other. Her mother said no, it was a travelogue. My friend was very unhappy about it and started saying she didn't think that was very much of a present. Her mother was trying to hush her up because it wasn't very nice of her to say that when she had been given it in front of all these people who had presented it to her. At any rate, in this magazine, there were some scenes, some pictures of her and her mother. I started looking to see if by any chance a picture of me had gotten in there, but it hadn't. When I remembered this scene in my mind, I went into the little room which I had been going to go in before this girl stopped me. This was the room where it had happened and it seemed to have happened right then. It's sort of a combination of remembering it and happening right then. I went back out again and I left my apple sitting beside this girl, and I said, "Oh, I've left it, haven't it?" and I picked it up and started eating on it again. What happened after this isn't very clear. There were quite a few scenes with Negro people. It was something to do with integration, tolerance, etc.