In the first part of the dream I was walking down the street in back of the one we live on with my daughter. It wasn't exactly like the street I use in back of our house. At any rate, we walked down the street. On the left we came to a house that was empty. The people moved out of it. There was a woman standing in front of it. I just sort of ignored her and walked on into the house with my daughter because I had brought her down here so we could both take a shower and not mess up our own. Although this house was empty and the people moved out of it, there were still some curtains on the windows. I closed these curtains in this bathroom, which wasn't really a bathroom but a big square room with a rectangular recess in one part. The floor was covered with cement and it was just like a very big shower. Then I figured it out that I was going to get under this main shower and put my daughter in the rectangular cut-out place for her to have her shower. I don't remember that we exactly did take our shower, but anyway, as we were coming back, we passed a house that these friends of ours, a couple of years younger than us, had lived in, but had moved out of for the summer. They actually sublet the place, but in my dream it was empty except for some few things of theirs that were in it. We thought we'd go in and see if they had any mail or anything we might be able to take them. So we did. Now my husband was with me, but not our daughter. We looked around and saw some toys and things. We got involved in moving a whole lot of things around. We found a couple of letters for them. We started looking thru this Consumer's Union magazine and they had a report on toys. It was unusual for the CU magazine. It was in color. They were pretty vivid colors too, oranges, bright blues. Of course, all my dreams are in color, but these were somewhat more vivid than the usual colors of my dreams. At any rate, we see they're having a report on toys, like tricycles, and these cars that little children pedal and things like that. Then they said, "We must really get up some sort of force behind us and do something about these Wright Bros., these manufacturers of toy airplanes for children." They told us that they are perfectly harmless, but they are very dangerous because it showed a picture of this airplane. It was roughly like these old airplanes. They said it had something like a half-ton motor in it and could climb up to 10,000 feet, and it could go for 2 miles. So it really would be dangerous. These people were trying to say that a 6 or 10-year-old child could handle the thing. So we read about that for a while and then some other vague things.