I dreamed that my husband and I had gone to the art museum here in my university town to look at the exhibits. We got in the door and for some reason I don't remember what I was carrying. I had this long electric cord that led to something outside of the museum library and I had to get enough of it in the door when people opened the door so I could walk around seeing all the parts of the museum. Later it must have just disappeared. I don't know what it was. I was looking at all the different paintings. They had an exhibit of different stringed musical instruments. They had some awfully lovely guitars and some other things they called harpsichords, but they weren't harpsichords at all. They were crescent shaped things like a moon which had sort of a wedge like a watermelon slice. From the tips of the crescent down the length of it strings would be strung and there were 12 of them. This was what they were calling a harpsichord and I thought that would be fun to learn how to play. A little later on I noticed a book about these various instruments including their cost. I started reading and I thought I found something about the harpsichord. I was reading alone. They had a lot of songs and the things you would play them with, the chords and all that you could use. Then I found what I was reading about was a player piano and I thought that was kind of strange since they didn't have one on exhibit there. They had very strange things about it. They told you how to use it so it would look like you were really playing the piano. They told you how you could make comic scenes involving it. I thought this must have been written quite a while ago because they have some pictures in it that seem to date from the early part of the century. Then I found the part about this harpsichord. They gave quite a few old English-type ballad songs with the various chords you would use. I got involved in reading the things and wondering what the tunes were because they just gave the words with some little pictures beside them, but they didn't have the notes. I got real caught up in these ballads and was sort of seeing a couple of them acted out in front of me.