The duke and his wife--the duke of something or other, I don't know his title--had a large castle at El Sin Or, where Hamlet used to live. Because their castle is so famous, they gave TV shows every once in a while so people could see this famous place. The duchess gave one, one time. She had a whole troupe of actors in and she and the actress both took the same part and played it over. It was sort of an Othello part, only this wasn't the name that was given to it. The duke didn't approve of this at all, and was very short to her and thought she had been very stupid to do this. The duke, to get back at his wife, found this young mistress somewhere and told his wife he was going off with her, and did go off at least for the night anyhow. This upset her very much because she supposedly loved him very much. He was about 25 and she a year or so younger. I guess it couldn't have upset her too much because she went off the next day on a fishing trip with this young man a few years older than herself who looked exactly like our mailman, who is young and good-looking. They went off to the lake and then, though they had a rod and reel, they forgot to get any bait. So she went back to the little refreshment stand where they had different types of bait for sale. She bought a dozen earthworms, which they tried to charge some fantastic price--$1.80 or something, but she only had 50 cents. When she came back, her friend had thrown a line out into the water and there was a fish on it. She hauled it in with her hands. They fished a little longer, but without any luck. Then she went home. Now in this dream the reason I've been using these 3rd person pronouns was the fact that my point of view shifted back and forth between these two people. At first it was more or less the duke, then it was the duchess, which is about where it stayed. So I guess from now on, I'll say, "I." When I went home, my husband, who seemed rather aloof about anything which I was going to do, was sort of distressed that I had gone off with this man. He reminded me that in the next few days was our anniversary and it was sort of like a bleak prospect. I started going thru all my clothes trying to find something I could wear, wondering where we could go.