My husband and I were going to do our weekly shopping at the shopping center where we always shop and my husband told me that another grocery store opened up out there. Sure enough, there was. It was another A&amp;P right beside the one that's already out there. It was a little bit smaller. It seemed rather strange to me that they would have a second A&amp;P there, but I decided to get in it just to see what it's like. I thought probably a lot of other people would too since it was an A&amp;P, and people who shop at one would probably shop at another. So I went in it and although I don't think I've ever been in the store in real life, it seems like I must have been in it in another dream because the layout of the store was familiar to me and it was rather not like you usually find in a grocery store. The spices and flour were in one place. But at any rate, I looked thru this grocery store and contrary to any of my expectations, there were very few people in it. It was a small store and I thought maybe they needed some business, but I was going to have to go to the other store because they didn't have everything I wanted. When I got to the meat counter, I was astonished, there were very little meat cuts that I recognized. There was a lot of fish. I ended up getting some round steak and flounder. While I only got these 2 things, I got 3 packages. Somehow that seemed quite right to me at the time. Then I went to the checkout counter in this little store and checkout corner, where it should have been, was sort of a cafeteria. There were several tables and booths around for people who come shopping to have their lunch. Then a boy came up and took my cart and took it back into this office and closed the door behind him to add up my food, then present me with the bill and then bring it to the car. It was a rather unusual procedure, but I went into another room and sat down and there were quite a few people sitting around there. The boy with the groceries was gone. I think I finally got up and went out thinking he would follow me eventually, and started looking for our car and also my husband. It seems I finally found them both and we were sitting in the car waiting for the groceries to be brought.