I dreamed I was in New York and I was watching this man who was standing on the sidewalk selling some tiny poodles. They looked like poodles and that's what he was calling them, but they were about the size of Chihuahuas. A lady came along with a little poodle of her own and she said her poodle needed a companion, so she'd buy one and how much were they? $5. She thought that was pretty reasonable, so she'd take this particular one. Then the man put it into this paper sack with this leash and said that would be $7, $1 for the sack and $1 for the leash. She paid it. Her car was right across the street. It was a little green VW. Then they went over and she got in. I got in somehow and it was in the back seat. The man put the dog in the back seat. Then when he was getting out, he put it in a big pocket of his coat and walked back. I figured this was his racket. I told the lady what he had done. Then I ran down to this policeman who was standing on the corner and told him exactly what happened. The man had to give the dog back. Then something complicated happened because now my husband and I were here and we were doing something on the street for some reason. It was almost 5 in the afternoon. The policeman said we had better get out of here while we could because the 5 o'clock traffic jam was going to start in a few minutes. Right now we could make a but U-turn and go back the way we came and when the rush started, we wouldn't be able to turn around anywhere for about 20 miles. Somehow we didn't get turned around in time and then I was walking the way we would have gone. I understood why you couldn't turn because it was a tiny road. It was much too small for a car as far as that went. It was out along the bay and there was this overhanging cliff which was so low down that you could hardly even walk on the road. I was walking along the edge of the water. We walked along and went somewhere to meet some other people. It was rather pretty. There were trees and the grass was real green and there were various kinds of birds around. I just kept walking down this little road.