The dream started off in Chicago at the airport. My husband and I apparently just arrived here by plane. I guess he had some sort of psychological meeting here. He was telling me how convenient Chicago's airport was because it was right in the center of town. Of course, I know this isn't really true, but we seemed to be looking down on it. We could see, indeed, how it was in the center of town and close to the University of Chicago, which seemed to be all around it. There was an immense plane on the field. It was just enormous. It was some sort of special jet. It wasn't a passenger jet, but something they use in the army. Somebody was telling us about it and took us out to see it. It flew some immense distance up in the air. It seems like it was 20 miles, and stayed cleaner than other planes because it wasn't exposed to dust and stuff in the lower atmosphere. We started out of the airport. Everything that happened in this early part of the dream was like a cross between its actually happening to me and hearing about it or seeing a movie about it. It's as if I watched these things happen while somebody was reading about them to me or lecturing on them. I was being told about this big mental hospital that was connected with the University, I believe. I saw this hospital. They were telling about the escapes. It was sort of on the order of the Lexington Narcotics Hospital in people were being treated were prisoners too. There were bars on the windows and everything. They talked about people trying to escape. Then I was out walking around this building on this wide wing that was on about the second story level trying to be real inconspicuous. I didn't want any guard to see me because if they saw me, they would shoot at me. This happened for a while. Then I had sort of a story about myself. It seems that I was a robber, but I really wasn't guilty. These two people who had planned it all had gotten away and were very angry because I slipped up or something. They were after me. The scene shifts back from Chicago to my university town. It was night and I was alone in our apartment. I heard somebody at the back door and it was these people with guns. It seems that while I was a man in the first part of the dream, now I was myself again. I closed the door. Then one of them ran around to the front door. So I was sort of tricked. I told them they couldn't do that. It was wrong. They couldn't just murder anybody like that. Then these two people were familiar. One of them was my older brother and the other was familiar to me, but I don't remember who he is. I was so shocked that my brother was trying to kill me and I couldn't understand it. It seemed that it wasn't only these people now that they had become familiar, but there still seemed to be some shadowy characters in the background who were also after me. It seems I got over next door somehow in my neighbor's apartment and was telling her my dilemma. I was thinking of all the things I could possibly do, like just go away from there altogether and try to go someplace else where I wasn't known and just sort of hide out. It was a terrible situation to be in. It seemed nobody could really help me very much. While I was in this neighbor's apartment, my brother came knocking on the door over here with a pistol in his hand, and they kept him out. My neighbor said she was going to call the police. First my brother said, "It's high time she came out of there because it's 9:17." My neighbor dialed time service and they said it was 9:15 and she sort of told him that, with sort of a ha-ha. Then he was quiet for a minute. He was standing outside the front door. Then she said she was going to call the police, but it seemed it was somebody else she knew personally. She was going to take me and my brother to talk to this man to see if he couldn't straighten out the difficulty between us, whatever it was. It seemed sort of funny because this was the point where something was going to be straightened out in this dream, then I woke up and was more sad than scared because it was so terrible that my own brother would be trying to kill me and I very rarely have dreams that I wake up from, but I did from this.