I was in an airplane and I don't know where I started from or where I was going. It does seem that I was going out to Topeka. I was by myself. This man in his late 20's or a little older came and  sat down and started making these passes at me and I tried to discourage him the best I could, but nothing seemed to stop him and he was very persistent. The people around me noticed I was being bothered by this person, but they didn't seem inclined to do very much about it. Finally he did get up, I believe, and move to another seat. I went up and complained to the stewardess. I told her I didn't want this person sitting beside me again. She seemed pretty annoyed that I would bother her. She sort of grudgingly agreed that she would help me. I was afraid of this man, not only because he made a pass at me, but because there was something evil about him and he had some big grudge against me or something. I knew that when we got to the airport he would try to follow me and that I had to get out quick. He had the seats in front of me, both of which were empty and made them recline so that I was very uncomfortable and I was getting ready to call the stewardess, but I didn't see that she could do very much about it. When we were getting ready to land, everybody had to get up and unfasten their safety belts. We landed and were coasting in toward the airport when I suddenly noticed I couldn't find my pocket book. So I went up to the stewardess and told her somewhere on this plane I had lost my pocket book. She acted like I had just brought this up to annoy her, but she came back and helped me look for it. Somehow it had slipped way under the seat and even though I looked under the seat, that's where it was. She looked at me as if I were some sort of mental defective. Everybody was getting off the airplane and getting these slips of paper to get their luggage with or something. Then somebody else at the airport was collecting it with a little clip. I was trying to hurry just as fast as I could. This was a huge, enormous building the airport was in. I was trying to hurry and get lost in the crowd before this person could catch up with me, wherever he was. I looked around and didn't see anybody that looked like him, yet it was hard for me to remember exactly what he had looked like. I went into the airport and I knew it would be a while before we could get our baggage and get out of here, so I thought I would look for a snack bar and get a coke or something. There wasn't one, but there was an immense cafeteria and restaurant with more food and more people in it than I had ever seen anywhere. I looked in there and considered going in and getting something, but I decided against it. I went to the ladies' room here and several people came in and talked to me while I was going to the bathroom, including a couple of boys. I thought I should have been embarrassed at this but I wasn't particularly. Then I went walking down some corridors, remaining vaguely worried about this person who might be following me. Then I woke up, but I did get back to sleep and I dreamed some more about it. Now it was sort of watching the action occur. I was partly identified with the girl who is being chased by this man. The dream seemed to be set in the very early part of the century because the girl was dressed in a long dress. Anyway, she came into the room, a hotel or something, and noticed a man there of her acquaintance and another girl about her age, which was in her middle 20's. She asked the man if he would help her please because this person was following her. She wanted to go get some candy from one of the vending machines, but she didn't want to take her wallet with her because it had all her money and everything in it. If this man who had been chasing her came in and asked for any money, he was not to be given any and told to wait till she came back. So she took a penny and went off to buy some peppermint candy and she didn't come back. So the police were asking this man now about the last of the incidents that led up to her disappearance and he told them this.