My husband and I and somebody else were driving down this little road in the rain with a couple, with a car and a big trailer. We were going down to this river where we had been the year before in my dream, but not actually, to set up some sort of a camp there. It seems as if we were going to fish or something. It was some commercial project. We got down to the place where we had been and we could see where we had put, exactly where we had put the car and this trailer the previous year. There was water in everything, in the grass leading down to the bank of the river and water overflowing on this wooden platform. But we were going to set it up and then somehow we had set up on some place about 25 feet above the river. There were big piles set down into the edge of the bank but not into the water itself and overlaid with boards to form sort of a very tall pier. Then somehow on the end of this--not on it, but on something else--our trailer was set up in back of this--not on the pier, but on shore-- was a little house which was set on a steep bank which was sort of a cliff which went straight down to the part of the bank that this pier was set up on. And underneath this pier also and leading back up toward the little house, maybe even into it, were these cement steps which I imagine led up into its basement or something. Also now the river was right in front of us, was diverted by this cement wall, just a little part of it came in front of us and the main part was on out past it, and it had been raining so the river was rushing along. Well, I came out of the house. My husband was doing something in the trailer or right around it with a whisk broom. I was going to sweep off this dock or pier or whatever it was because it had a lot of dirt and stuff on it that had been accumulating there. So I was doing this, and there were one or two boards that were rotten. And then this other person who was with us came out with this big broom and started sweeping real hard. And I told her not to do that because this place was sort of rickety. Then the whole pier bent sideways a little bit and it came back and then the next thing that happened was that the whole thing just started collapsing like it was completely rotten, all the boards, everything, the piles that held it up, just collapsing. And this girl - now it seems as it's my sister - wasn't on it, but I started falling thru right in the middle of it and calling to them to help me. And so I went down thru the boards. I wasn't hurt at all. I just got down underneath this thing, and I climbed up on this little white car that was sitting under there, a little foreign car. It put me about, say, 15 feet below where the trailer was. I don't understand what the trailer was sitting on, where my husband was. He didn't seem to think there was very much that they could get me back up from there. He -- this is very strange -- he didn't think they could lower a rope down from right there and pull me up and I couldn't go thru the stairs at the bottom because apparently some of them had collapsed with all this pier. He suggested that I get on an air mattress and float around and paddle, swim up around the end of the river, and then he would come down to there and get me, but I didn't think that would be possible because the current was so strong and I would have to be swimming upstream. So he said that he would com down and take me up and show me how impossible it was going to be to save me. And so he did. He came down and we went back up to the house and I surveyed the scene, and it did seem sort of hard. As far as I remember, I went back down there to wait to be rescued. It was very strange.