This very old woman was going up these very steep stairs to this little store which sold liquor and some other groceries too. She was carrying back some bottles to redeem. I was watching her and then I felt sort of ashamed of myself for not helping her, so I took the bottles from her. The deposit she was getting on them was $1.60. I asked her if she wanted to buy anything and she sad no. Then she decided to get some pork chops and a loaf of bread. Then we started down and this time an old friend of mine from my hometown, who is he same age, but whom I haven't seen in about 5 years, was with us. We were walking back down the stairs and the stairs were made out of boxes of cookies. The first flight of stairs seemed made out of Pepperidge Farm packages of cookies. Then the rest of the stairs were made out of different ones. The old lady sort of faded out of the picture on the way down and this girl and I were talking. When we got near the ground, we saw this party of people who were all friends of ours but I didn't know them at the time. There was going to be a wedding that day. We were going to come back and see it maybe. Then this girl and I walked on. We were walking along the ocean front and the waves were very big. Even though we were walking sort of out of the way, they would come up around our waists and sort of drag us out. It was sort of unpleasant. We weren't particularly scared. They were just huge waves and didn't look the way waves really look because they would be triangular shape sort of and lots of them would rise up at one time. As we walked along, we were thinking about going to this sort of amusement park if we could find some money somewhere because we thought that would be fun. Then somehow we were back near the steps we came down originally and here was the bridal couple who had just been married. Then we were in the church where they had been married, which was also the house of one of them. It was very strange because the couple, although it didn't seem very strange to me, they were these 2 girlfriends of mine, neither of whom know each other actually. One of them was a little girl when I was real little who was about 5 years older than me and another girl who's my same age. The friend that I was with asked her mother if she could go to the fair and she said no, we couldn't go now, but maybe we could go later on tonight. So we were 