The dream is very strange and sort of a science fiction story, sort of a scary thing in which first I was sort of removed from it and then I was identified with one of the characters. It seems that there were these few children, and they were in this big stone house, practically a palace, somewhere, and they were sort of the last survivors of the world from this horrible growth that had taken over everything. There was the little vine-like growth with all sorts of tendrils and everything that crowded every place it could and killed everything living there. It just covered the whole world, just about. But it hadn't gotten in her yet, and the reason was these children had some sort of strange light and they later called it a chlorophyll light which, if they shone it on the tendrils of the vine, repelled it so it would go away. And the vine was attracted to any other type of light. If you had any type of light on, the vine would try to come in. So they had tried to close all the windows and everything. They were in this one big room, about 3 or 4 stories off the ground, and they were leaving one window open and they were going to sort of train the chlorophyll light on it so that these things wouldn't get in. And apparently they thought it would take quite some time before the vines would probably die because they had gotten everything else on earth and so they would die after a few weeks or so. Then the children could come out. But this chlorophyll light was run by batteries. It was sort of like a flashlight. And so there was danger that it might run down, but they were hoping to find something else to combat this vine with. As the dream went on, instead of its being a vine, it was some strange race of people, humanoids who were -- well, they weren't exactly cannibalistic because they weren't the same type of, same species of human beings. And they were very wiry and they were impossible to kill and they could climb up the walls and slither into these tiny little places in the floor around this window. But if you shone this light at them, they would go away for a few minutes, but then they came back and they were very strong. And so everybody was fighting these things. And I was the one who had the flashlight, the chlorophyll light. I didn't want to use it too much and down below the ground there was a director. I struggled with them a long time shining the light at the people long enough to make them go. Then I tried an experiment. I held one of them and just kept blinking the light into its eyes, and its eyes sort of turned this glowing green and the whole animal, person, thing, was sort of wrecked, and driven insane and so then I couldn't and didn't fight any more. And so then you could just throw them out of the window and they'd die then they hit the ground. So this was pretty successful, but I knew it would run the batteries down before too long and there were just swarms of these creatures outside. So I had an idea. I called this other person and asked them to bring me this (strobe?) light that was over near another window which had been closed down and they were afraid to go over there by themselves away from the chlorophyll light to get it, and I didn't want to leave the light with this person because these creatures were getting smarter and they were trying to get away because if they did, it would, they, we would be in their power. But anyway, I finally got the strobe light, and when I shone, turned it on -- well, it wasn't a strobe light. It was a rotating disc, and when I shone this light through the rotating disc like the right light, it seems that it made it hundreds of times more intense so that I didn't have to be right beside one of these creatures to shine the light in their eyes. I could do it from a distance, and I even got the leaders on the ground and everything. And so that sort of finished them off.