My mother and I were somewhere in the South, I guess, and we were going to this Negro college. We were just going to look around. We were sort of curious, I guess, about what kind of facilities they had. We came to this one building and we decided we'd like to go through it. Classes were over for the day and so the building was deserted, so we thought we'd go through it. And we went into some classroom. The only way out of it was through this bathroom. Then we went down these halls and looked around, and I think we were sort of surprised that it was a fairly nice building and it was in pretty good shape. And we could see into the cafeteria which was really nice because they had this counter with stools like, and then they had these big round tables with these leather chairs, and there was this huge rug on the floor It was much nicer than the cafeteria here, say. We walked along and came out and some people were walking, quite a few Negroes and some white people who apparently were going to school there. I'm sure this person after a while wasn't my mother any longer. I don't know who it was, but anyhow we kept on talking and walking over this big campus. We knew quite a few of the people, at least the person I was with did. I started getting unhappy because I started thinking about these people who were going to college and when they got out, they wouldn't be able to do anything and it wasn't fair. Then we met this strange group of white people that I didn't care for too much. There was something very odd about all of them. There was some boy or some man in his late twenties and he looked sort of queer and then these girls with him were very strange. They were fat and ugly and sort of loose looking maybe. I and the person I was with, who was now some boy, started talking with them and joking with them and there were a couple of white boys on the campus and acted as if what we had been doing there was something pretty wrong about it. We had just better stop it and I was just sort of laughing at this one who started following me and this boy around. Then I got separated from this boy somehow. Then this policeman started being right nasty to me, and he said I and this other girl should have this swinging contest on the swings on this playground. If I swung higher than she did, I could go back to my husband. Otherwise I would have to stay with this policeman. I didn't think he had the right to do that, but I didn't know exactly how I could get out of it.