I dreamed about our next door neighbors and the wife's parents and sister who had come down to see them, which in fact happened yesterday. And I dreamed that these people belonged to some funny religious sect, some sort of fundamentalist thing which I've been told they do. But at any rate, I went over to see them and it was in the evening, and everybody was sitting around and we were all going to sing hymns. They were going to be led by the girl's father and there was no music or anything, and I didn't know any of these hymns, but you had to sing them just right. I was sort of upset by this because I didn't feel like I could do it. But we sang a few anyway and I think I noticed at this time that they had a big aquarium sitting over in one part of the house with some tropical fish in it which didn't seem to be getting along too well, and I presume that her parents had brought these with them from their home. It seems like it was the next morning and my neighbor came over to tell me that all of her fish were dying. What they were going to do with them, they had a little flower garden out in their front yard and rain water stood in it and they were going to put these fish in it, and I didn't think that was a very good idea because if they were dying in the aquarium, it seem like this would be even worse for them, but she was sort of insistent and that they were going to do it. I looked at the place that she meant, and it was, at fist it just looked like some muddy puddles among some flowers, and then it became a little pond, a little fish pond with several types of fish swimming around init and with this funny-looking creature which I called a glass snake, but I don't think it was such a thing. As a matter of fact, I don't think there's any such thing around. It looked somewhat like a larval eel in that it was completely transparent, and you could see just right through it, and you could see all of its internal organs because they were of a different color, but it was a strange little animal. Well, it looked like it was only a foot or so long, and it looked like it couldn't hurt anybody, still it acted so vicious that we were sort of afraid of it. And I told my husband about it. That we couldn't go over there because there was a glass snake in their yard, and he didn't seem very impressed and he wanted me to draw him a picture of it and so I drew him one.