In my dream I was with my husband and this friend of his from his hometown, and we neither were in that town or anyplace around here that I know of. The friend's house was this big house on a big sloping lot with a ditch that ran all the way around the edge of it. His friend was lying in this ditch. He had just taken some psilocybin and he was lying there and waiting for some sort of fix to take place. It seemed sort of strange to us and we were talking to him for a while. Then I noticed this beautiful green car in the driveway. It was some sort of a foreign car, some sort of a sports car, and I'm not usually attracted by cars and this is sort of strange, but in this dream I thought this was the most lovely car. I walked around it and as I was walking back around it looked like a gib, colonial wing style chair, very padded and everything, and a slightly different shade of green. Then as I walked down around, it was the car again, and it didn't seem strange to me at all that this should have happened. Then we were talking to this friend some more. Then it seems we all went in the house and we went up to about the third story and there were quite a group of people there. We were preparing things for this sort of mescaline orgy we were going to have. We were going to take mescaline and we had all these little things set up that would be especially nice to see or do while you had mescaline. We had them set up in several different rooms. We were getting everything ready and suddenly it was real late at night. It was 2:45 a.m. and the house was no longer here in this residential area but in this big -- it was like a big office building -- and we were much higher than that from the ground now, about 10 stories, I'd suggest. It was very cold outside. I went to the window and looked out and could see these different people down below, mostly the teenagers and these policemen. These teenagers seemed just to be standing around jeering at the policemen, and the policemen were, all of them were just sort of livid with rage and hitting at these people standing around. So I was calling to the people to come look at this. Oh yes, I was wandering around in a pair of red lace panties and this lacy white half slip and nothing else. But anyway, maybe that's why it was so cold. I got these other people over to look and we raised the window to hear what the policeman was yelling at the crowd. He saw us watching. He was hitting one of these teenagers over the head with his night stick, and then he took another one and threw it at us. It came right into the window and hit one of the boys in the eye. Then he threw another one, but that was too low, and missed. So we all sort of got back from the window because we figured if we stayed around and watched him much longer, it would provoke him and he would come up and get us. So I was watching these people from another window. Then I sort of got involved in the scene down there with some of these people. Some of them were whole families. It wasn't New Year's Eve or anything, and I don't know why they were all standing down there. These families were all, the parents were trying to persuade this mother to go back to their children. Then these particular set of people were talking about their daughter or all of their daughters. They had about five or six who were unmarried, all of them were unmarried, and they were worrying about her. Finally they decided that if they could get just one of the daughters married, it didn't matter to whom, that all of them would settle down and they couldn't want to come roaming around the streets at night like this. So they were going to marry off one of the younger daughters to some lawyer and she didn't much like the idea, and he didn't much either. But they were going to do it since they didn't have much choice. This was a Jewish family and they were going thru all sorts of strange rituals with the bride-to-be and the husband-to-be with these little rites and ceremonies that had some special significance. Apparently, although I don't know if there are actually such ceremonies, I was watching these ceremonies when I woke up.