The dream started with my being in Illinois with this neighbor of mine who is up there right now with her parents, and with her children. I came to see her on her parents' farm and I was real excited at the prospect. I thought it would be lots of fun. It was sort of a, well, I guess it would be a pretty countryside and a pretty house, but it was all dark outside as if a storm was coming. I went into the house with her, sort of an old-fashioned house. We went into the bedroom and there was this mule there. I wanted very much to ride it and she was going to let me. We were going to saddle it, and what we were going to use for a saddle pad were several EEG records. I don't know where she got them from. It didn't astonish me at the time. We went out into this big room that was sort of the kitchen and the dining room. Her parents were sitting there at the table. Her mother gave this impression of being a very strong-minded woman and she just seemed to look at this friend and she shrunk up and didn't do anything. The parents were sitting there eating supper and the mother only had a skirt on. She didn't have a blouse or anything on. We went past them into another bedroom leading the mule, I guess. Her mother didn't say a word to us. We gathered that she didn't want us to take that mule out and ride it, but we were talking about it. We went into the bedroom, and from there we could look out and past this hedge we could see her younger brother and sister walking along. Her sister was about 10 and her brother about 13, which isn't so in reality. The little sister hadn't seen her brother in a long time, so they were walking along talking happily. Then they came into the house. Her mother called us, or rather called my friend, but called her by my name, which isn't her name. I wondered how I was going to distinguish between her mother calling her and her mother calling me. I thought we would have to use initials or something. We went out into the kitchen and we were cooking up some pork chops for our supper. There didn't seem to be really enough for all of us. But I wasn't very hungry, so I didn't particularly care. Then her little brother sat down at the table and started eating something and he was throwing it up. Everybody seemed more annoyed at this than concerned for him. Then this changed into a series of strange episodes, which were taken from this book I was reading last night by Sternberg.