It was sometime in the future, and there had been an atomic war and there weren't many people left. Nothing seemed to be particularly ravaged or wrecked by the war, though there had just been one. The few people left were being exterminated by the robots that they had made to do all sorts of things for them. There were a variety of robots. I don't exactly understand why they were killing people off, but they were. I and two other people -- both men -- had apparently just learned about the whole thing, the catastrophe and everything, and we weren't sure about survivors and all. This took place in some large city on the edge of the sea. We went into a building and we found three robots who were immobilized. This often happens with robots and you turn a little switch on, then they come to life. So these being journalism robots, we figured that they would know what was going on and would be able to tell us. So we activated them and then to our very surprise, they jumped on us and tried to kill us. We didn't have any weapons particularly, but we did get away from them. Now it seemed that we knew a little bit more than we did before because we knew we seemed to have to get away from this whole city because the robots were hunting down anybody they could find and were killing them. The only people who were left were those who were hidden away in a few islands off the shore some miles, at least in this particular country, which didn't seem to be America anyhow. We found a motorboat and set out for these islands. People who were especially rich often had private homes on these little islands, most of which were just chunks of rock jutting up from under the water, but some had homes carved out under these rocks and completely hidden. We go to some of these rich people's houses as we go along looking for a place to go. It seems that perhaps we were being pursued by a couple of these robots, which in this case looked more like gorillas or something. But we had one thing in our favor, which was that they couldn't use radar for some reason. This meant they couldn't follow you for very long. I guess actually it was more like radium they couldn't use, so they couldn't get a whole bunch of them after a person at once. At any rate, we came to a little island which was just a big black rock jutting out of the water with a little edge right around it, sort of not very much of a ledge, but you could stand on another rock that sort of jutted up behind that. I t was dark rock, very dark like lava. We all got off and sort of stood with our backs against the edge. It seemed to be only a temporary stopping place. While we were standing there, two large sea turtles came in right where we were standing, where there was also a little bit of sand in among the rocks. It started laying eggs there, and this was the point for me to give some sort of zoological lecture about the survival of the fittest or something because we didn't have any food with us, so we were going to gobble up all of these eggs. I can't quite remember whether we stayed on this island or whether we went to another one. At any rate, I think we had first to fight off a couple of these robots which were following us. It seems perhaps we did go to another island after we had been there a little while and found that it really was quite pleasant as these islands went because beyond the rock and the beach that we had first been on there were quite a few trees and a little grassy meadow. The whole island couldn't have been more than four or five acres. I walked down across the meadow and across this marshy place that I had discovered. In actuality we were very close to the city we were escaping from to start with because I could see it very clearly. I could see a workman lounging in a doorway. This was a Negro worker and it wasn't a robot, and I wondered how it was that the robots let him be around in the city. Then by swimming a little in shallow water and crossing another little island and then swimming off again, you could be right at the city. I had this great urge to go over to it, so I did. Then I saw some robots coming, so I swam back and I didn't want them to realize how close our island was or that it was the one to which I was going, so I swam around it and thru this swampy marsh to think that I was going past it. As I swam, I was thinking to myself that I was swimming like a shark does, although the picture I had in my mind of it -- the shark in the dream -- wasn't very shark-lie. It was more like a dolphin. It was strange because the water I am swimming thru has all kinds of what I was calling sharks in my dream swimming along close to me. So I swam right into the part of the island where we had started and I got out. In the next part of this dream, which faded right in from the first part, I was looking at my diary and the date in my diary was something, I believe it was July 15, 1941, which is ridiculous because I was born in 1939. Anyway, the diary was propped up in a big archway leading into a big church and open to this page. I felt very strange and said to myself, "Why, that's 15 years ago," which is inaccurate anyway. I thought, "Wouldn't that be strange?" and I went in thru this archway and was inside this church. There were several people there who had been my friends in high school. These twin boys I had known and some other people I can't remember distinctly. This date apparently had been a very special one for us. We were sort of counting back on the anniversary of it and reliving it. We had thought that it was indeed about in high school that this occurred and it was 15 years after that time because we all looked about the way we did in high school. We sort of reminisced about this thing. I went to get my diary, I believe, to show them something. It wasn't very strange, I guess, but it seemed sort of weird, demonstrating that time was turning the pages rapidly, one by one. We just reminisced for a while and then I guess I woke up.