In the first part of my dream last night it was winter. I was out here in the university married student's housing where we live. It was very early in the morning and I was on my way to school, but I was going from door to door of the houses on the street behind us. When anybody would come to the door, I would tell them about my husband's dream experiments and how he was going to carry them out and how he needed people to participate in them. So I would tell them all about it and try and get them to be interested in it. I went to one house and after I spent quite a while talking to the girl there, she was gradually showing me how to leave because the neighborhood had turned into a strange neighborhood and a strange town as far as that goes. She took me out into the yard and showed me how to go down some little path to the street. It seems like she was going along with me. At any rate, I believe she did and we started walking down the street toward the center of town, which was several blocks away. It was a very bad section of town or maybe the whole town was like this. But there were all these juvenile delinquents running around and everything. This big group of boys was following us and we were right afraid, but we thought that surely, we were running, we thought that surely if we ran up to some house and knocked on the door, they would probably let us in, but we were afraid of knocking on the door or a house where nobody was home, then having these boys behind us catch up to us in the meanwhile. I don't know what happened to this girl as we got closer to town, but she sort of dropped out of the dream. There were crowds of people milling around uptown, all of them sort of rowdy, like in this group of boys clustered in around me. I think this already happened once. But at any rate, it's sort of confused. I climbed up this telephone pole to get away from them. There were some policemen around though, and they were white policemen, but they didn't pay any attention to me and nobody was paying attention to me. So I sort of resigned myself and came back down the telephone pole. There were some men standing around and I appealed to them to help me, and they did -- one in particular. So I started walking off with this man who had helped me, holding hands with him. I didn't particularly want to go walking off with him, but I thought that I was expected to reward him in some way for having rescued me. Then I was just walking down the streets of this town. These policemen either weren't doing anything or weren't very effective about it. I crossed several streets and was going out of town again and I knew where I wanted to go. Way up on the hill there was the big, very big Catholic church and monastery, and I wanted to go there and confess to one of the priests. I don't remember what my aim was or what I was expecting to accomplish by this. It seems also that a lot of businessmen had been recently going to this church, even though they weren't Catholics. As I walked along the side of the road, there were also quite a few cars going up in that direction toward the church. I heard one motorist tell another one that he made this mistake of going in from the third road when he was there, and not to do that because for some reason that lowered you in the eyes of the priests or something. The road cured around at a big right angle to the left and came back again, and so I cut across, skirting around a little stream and cut across the land in between where the road curved around and then I was up in this parking lot. So I went into the church and there was a priest there. I told him I wasn't Catholic but I wanted to confess and, of course, I don't know if this would be possible in a Catholic church or not. But at any rate he showed me how to go into one of these little confession booths and we just started talking generally mostly. I don't know what it was. I guess I wanted to do something about all the rioting and lawlessness that was going on in the town. I thought maybe nobody knew about it and if I told somebody about it, maybe something could be done. At any rate, I stayed there talking and he absolved me of my sins, but he said it didn't count because I wasn't a Catholic. It seems that I went back to him again sometime later.