The dream was very strange and it was partly like a movie and partly like something that was really happening. There was this man and who he was, I'm not sure. But this other man, and he was a dean from a nearby university who was coming to attend this meeting, was going to kill him in this terrible way. He must be on his guard and not take anything from anybody to eat. He wouldn't know who this person was. So when the meeting was to be held, this very strange-looking person came up to the man and offered him something in this bottle. This was a little, fairly big yellow pill. The man was about to take it and eat it. I shoved the bottle from this bad man's hand and it fell onto these marble steps. This broke into several pieces and the pill started foaming on the marble as if it had been acid. The vile man was put out and told what it did. It was something horrible. It just dissolved away our whole digestive system in a few seconds. Then you die, of course. He went into this in some detail. Though he was frustrated in this attempt to kill this man, he was going to try again. So I, having seen him, knew if I could get away that maybe I could bring help somehow. So I pretended to be going along with the two people, but I broke away and ran down these stairs. I came to the chief of police's office. I knocked and then I didn't even wait. He was sitting here with this girlfriend of mine from my hometown. I told him that somebody had tried to murder somebody and he didn't. He admitted that he had murdered several other people. He just had to do something to stop him. And he didn't seem too concerned, the police chief didn't. The girl didn't seem very interested and I told her it was her own father that man had tried to kill, but that didn't seem to upset her very much either. Just about then the bad man came down there with the other man. The police chief took a gun and pointed it at him and said he was under arrest. He did come in and sit down, but he acted rather smug as if we weren't going to be able to keep him or hold him. You know, we didn't have any evidence or anything. The man he was going to kill seemed rather reluctant to say anything. I told him that I had been a witness too. Then it seems that this had been real and yet it hadn't been real and the man who had, the other man who had tried to murder was making a movie and was really terrified because when he smoked a few cigarettes, he got very cross-eyed. It reminded me about a Japanese warrior or something, but he said it wasn't. Then we were going over the story and we were talking about if you had seen enough stories like this, ordinary life would seem so very dull and everything. Then it seemed as if I was walking away from the movie set after the movie over these great number of stairs. I was walking away from this big house over these stairs that were rather hard to get up and I was somewhat worried because I thought somebody in the house was going to follow me. But I went on up finally and got away and was starting to get thru these woods which were very dense and very thick and sort of, the ground was wet and squishy and I didn't want anybody to see me. But these two sort of simple ladies who were in the movie were out walking in the woods and I knew that they were going to see me. There were, it was a strange woods because every once in a while there were electrical connections and cords around, and the ground was so wet and these wires were just lying there. And I wondered if anybody turned them on or anything, if somebody might not get shocked. I was trying to hide from these ladies behind these curtains in these woods, but they saw me and it didn't seem to make too much impression on them. Where I had hidden was at this door which led into this farmer's house. Apparently, although there was a room there, the other door was locked. I thought perhaps it had been cut off by snow because there was snow around, and I went back a little bit the way I had come and I came to another door which I could get into and this was a storeroom in this farmer's house. There was furniture and stuff piled around, and a window in front which had been covered up with some cardboard, but I uncovered it and looked out. It was very wide, flat land and it was evening, and the farmer and his family were coming home. Their front door was right next to the storeroom, and I was certain they would see me because in the first place with all the cardboard off the window, light would show thru it. They didn't seem to notice me, but anyhow I left and went back home. Home here was apparently my hometown, although the house wasn't the same as my parents' house. I went in and just talked to everybody for a while and that was it.