I dreamed that I had another baby. It was a little girl too and I guess it looked a great deal like my daughter did when she was a baby. When I came home, I came home to a funny place. I don't know where it was. But an old woman who used to look after me and my brother and my sister when we were about 6, 7 and 8, had come to help me take care of my new little girl. She was about the same age as she was then, which I guess was nearly 50. I decided the new baby would sleep in this little crib we had just the way that my daughter had for quite a while. I wanted to fix it up so we would be sure she would never slip out of it. I had this idea of tacking screen sort of humped around the edge of it to sort of form a cocoon-like thing that you slip her into and you could put the blanket on the outside of it and it wouldn't bog down around her and yet she would be protected from drafts at the same time. Also she couldn't fall out of the crib. This old lady who was there didn't think that was a very good thing to do. I was wondering what to name our little girl because we hadn't much thought our second little baby would be a girl and we hadn't thought of any names. I thought of naming her Bonnie, which is my sister's name, but I didn't really know if I liked that or not. Then it seems I was going with my new little baby and my next door neighbor. I was in my university town and I was going over to campus. Exactly why I was, I don't know. I think she had to do something in the language office there since her husband is a graduate student in Spanish. I was just more or less going with her. When we got there, the professor that I had for French last semester was there. Somebody told them to look at the baby. So he was looking and I was asking what name I should give it. He didn't particularly have any ideas. He didn't look like a professor looks in real life at all. He looked more like the doctor I was working for in the Biology Dept. right before I had my daughter. At any rate, he took me out in the hall and started congratulating me on the final that I did in his class, and how good it was and how hardly anybody else had done any better. Of course, this made me feel very good because I consider this professor the best that I've ever had anyhow. I told him, which is so, that I wanted to audit one of his courses next fall. He said that would be fine. Then I went back into the office and there were on a little table, there were several samples of some rock, they called it jade. It wasn't really jade. It was some form of quartz, more like opal. This other girl was ready to go, but I was sort of attracted by this display, and I wanted to stay and look at it for a little while, but we left. I believe that was all of that dream or else it faded into this which is a very independent sort of thing in which I was at home in my hometown, that is, with this old friend of mine from grammar school and high school that I never particularly liked. We were over in the high school where I had gone to school, but it was different. It had been so long ago that I had been there or something or they were in a new building. We were in some part of the building, and we went into a little room where we were going to study for a quiz or something. This was the math building and it seems she was majoring in math. I thought that was a little strange, but we went out for something. I didn't stay in there for only a couple of minutes. I don't know what we were going to do, but we went upstairs somewhere and she said she was going back to get our books. I would have gone back with her, but I didn't feel much like running back, then coming back here and running up the stairs and everything, so I said I'd wait right there, and she said she'd be back in a few minutes. While I was waiting, I noticed this boy along the wall right in front of me, and it also went around the corner and continued on down. This was the math part of this building, but I also think there was a science part, and I think this corridor led toward the science part. I started looking at this display, which was very strange. It was made up of incidents from a science fiction story which in the dream I had read, but in actuality I don't believe I have. It was of various things. There was a picture of the solar system. There were sculptures of this and that, all sorts of things. It was sort of confusing. I was looking at it. It occurred to me that I had been watching it for some while. This girl hadn't come back, and I figured she had probably just gotten her own books and had gone. It made me sort of mad and upset me because I wasn't at all sure of my way around this building and I wasn't sure I could find my way back to the room we had been in, but I went down the stairs and started walking along, and there was this man. He was evidently an instructor or professor walking along, and he had a limp. I walked along beside him and told him I was looking for this room, but the first room which had double doors that we came to I opened and looked. Then I noticed there were booths as though it was some sort of restaurant or something. So I went on and looked in several rooms. None of them were it. Finally we came to the end of the hall and then I found a room which I opened. It didn't much look like the room we'd been in, but I thought it just had to be. But there were painters in there painting and there wasn't any sign of any books. So I asked them if they had seen any books, and put them away when they had started painting, and they said yes, they had. I asked them where they had put them. They had put them in a back corner when they had already painted under this canvas. So I said when could I get them because I need them right now, that it was very urgent. So they got them for me. When they got them for me, the scene sort of changed and there was a counter there and this woman had gotten the books. I was with some friend now, this friend Edna of ours from N.J. This woman was showing my friend these books and saying look, what fine books these are. And they were magazines. It seems as though they were copies of some we had taken or are taking. There was a copy of Science, Atlas, and some other strange magazines which weren't very impressive. I was telling her and this American Indian who had appeared somehow on the other side of her, about his article that appeared in one of these magazines about Indians. There was a very complicated game in one of these magazines. It was a game that really I didn't understand, but I had played one round of it or something with somebody. In the game there were three, it was a piece of paper, in this case it was a page in a magazine, in which there was a square formed by three figures of various types of people or in various, not exactly situations, but you could infer what type of people or what type of action they normally engaged in by the pictures, and there were three figures across and three down, so there were nine in all. The object was to get to one of these and to get there, you would mark over them or something in your choice, and you were supposed to have these figures end up in the form of a cross such that the figures in all parts of the cross represented how the one in the center had come to be the way the one in the center was. It was a very, rather confusing. It was very clear in the dream. This particular one that I had ended up with somebody who was crucified and it was an Indian. The Indian by friend's side said that I seem to understand perfectly how somebody came to end up this way because of the ones I had chosen to go along with it. I said that I was going to show him this article in this other magazine that I had which was about a certain tribe of American Indians and their ceremonies, which included a sort of ritual crucifixion, only it wasn't. It wasn't with nails or on a cross; it was on a tree. I was finding this article for her and I think that was the end of the dream.