I had a dream about the mountains and it seems that I and my husband were up there just by ourselves. We had been up there for a weekend, but we were leaving sort of early in the morning of the day that we were going, and my husband called me to the window and said to look out, what sort of a view you could see, and this isn't the type of view that you can see in reality from the cabin. He said the dust doesn't seem to get on the roads around there so that you can look down the mountain and see them and down where the cave is, you can see that especially plainly and there is not any cave around there actually. Then the mountains sort of sloped off steeply and the road circled it around and around going down and down, close to the bottom there was a big lake and a little stream and I went outside. I was walking around and exactly how I got there isn't too clear, but I was down where the lake was and the stream behaved in a very funny fashion because it ran backwards and uphill into this lake, which was down - apparently a water supply or something. There was a road that led around by the lake and I was going to walk up that road. It's rather confusing to describe it. There was sort of a hill and there was a road on one side and on the other side another branches where the stream apparently ran and somebody was standing in that stream dressed in sort of a skin diver's outfit. And they were throwing shovels full of water back over toward the lake and this was a pretty immense distance for anybody to throw shovels full of water, but they seemed to be making it mostly. So some of the water was falling down on the road where I was going to have to walk, and it was real cold. So I asked them if they would please stop and so I had walked under that particular place on the road and they said yes. So I walked there and told the person I had gone up on the hill by this time over this lake and it was all right to go on. So then he took a firecracker and lighted it and threw it at me, but I picked it up and threw it in the lake. Then some sort of confused episode happened and now I was back up close around the cabin. This girl who apparently was one of the daughters of them and who sort of looks after all the cabins in this little community there in the winter, came up and started bothering me, telling me her brother was somewhere. Apparently they were sort of a malicious gang, but anyhow they were sort of following me or something and they were going to, oh I don't know, play some practical jokes on me or something, and I didn't care for this. I felt like telling her that it was sort of private property up there and she had no right whatsoever to be on it, but somehow this didn't seem like a very nice thing to tell her, but I didn't say anything about that. So we walked along and finally we came to a road that was right pebbly and narrow, just a dirt road like all the roads had been, and I was barefooted. My guitar was lying on the road and I was afraid one of them might pick it up and damage it in some way, and there was a fence on either side of the road beside the field and so it was a barbed wire fence. All of a sudden I grabbed this girl and started shoving her against the fence. What precipitated this was the fact that she was being called home to supper and for some reason I guess I thought that I had some sort of advantage or something. She hadn't actually done anything to me, but anyhow I grabbed her and started pushing her against this barbed wire and naturally sort of scratched her and everything, and I was being right mean to her. I finally let her go. We both started back down the same road together and I was watching her try to get back at me some way, so I was watching her and I came to the point in the road where I had left my shoes, a pair of sneakers for some reason, they were red sneakers and I sort of put them on real cautiously, watching her. And it was pretty hard to put my sneakers on with one hand standing up while I was trying not to get off balance or anything. But finally I guess I did and I picked up my guitar and started walking back toward the cabin and she went off to wherever she was going. That was the end of that dream.