I dreamed that I was uptown in a town that somehow was a cross between my hometown and some small town in the mountains. I was going to go shopping in this town in a big department store, but before I did I was going to take a long walk somewhere. It was in the afternoon and I had quite a bit of time so I started walking sort of out of town in a direction I had never walked in before. The minute I got on the back streets and off the main street of this town it started looking like a great big city instead of a small little mill town or something. The roads that came in were dirt roads and I was going down all these dirt roads to another little town, then that was supposed to be not very far off, just a few miles. And I was starting to do this when I realized I wouldn't have time to walk to this town and back and besides I was really too tired to do this, so I turned around and came back onto the main street of town in a different way from the way I had come before. Across the street to the other side. Then I was walking with my husband and with my sister, who was here visiting us this weekend, and we were walking down the street and we saw this little shop and it was very easy to distinguish among the stores on the street because it had this very high and narrow tower with this little thing on the top of it, a very phallic-looking tower all painted yellow and blue and red, very gaudy and as we came up to the door of the little restaurant, or whatever it was, we saw that there were 2 display windows there, and this man was standing out, the man who owned it, was standing out under it, the doorway with some peaches in his hand and was putting the peaches on display in the window so everybody could see the type of peaches he had. They looked real good, but we decided not to go in there. This was incidentally a lesbian temple around, is what we called it. There's a place in my university's town called the Temple where these male homosexuals are supposed to congregate and this is the lesbian room. So we homosexuals are supposed to congregate and this is the lesbian room. So we walked down and we came to another little pizza shop, this was a modern little shop where the man was standing out in the doorway of his shop too and he had some pizzas on display, but they were rather unusual because all the sauce was inside. The crust was in two layers and all the sauce was on the inside and he had a variety of things he would put on these pizzas for you, but he didn't have any pizzas with all these things displayed and I told him he would probably do better business if he would start displaying this type of pizza. Then I guess we walked on and then or at some point earlier in this dream, I was by myself again and it was earlier in the day now and I was going to go into these stores, especially this one big department store, to look for maternity clothes. This because when my sister was up here, she dated somebody and they went to the Temple room