I was over at campus and apparently school had just started like it will next week, and I was over on campus with my class tickets and my books and I was going from one class to another. And I came out of a building by a door I didn't usually come out of, and I was sort of confused as to which way to go, but I got straightened out and I was talking to a girl who had been in one of my classes the previous semester. I went into the next building where my class was to be held and I went upstairs in it and I walked down the length of the hall and went down the flight of stairs at the other end and out again. I was sort of confused, but I was talking to this big matronly woman who said that I needed to pay, my husband and I needed to pay, if we were going to the banquet that was to be held that night for some reason, and so I gave her some money and she put it down on this list with a lot of other people and it was apparently sort of a donation type thing. You gave over a certain amount and you gave whatever you could, and she said now we needed to get all these tables which were lying folded up on the ground, these long rectangular tables, set up in a big rectangle around. And so I guess they got set up and something else sort of confusing happened, and my husband and I and some other people were sitting not with this main group of people, but somewhere off to one side waiting for some little boy or other to bring our supper to us. While we were sitting, I was observing this very strange phenomenon in the sky and around people, these colors and so forth. Finally no one brought our supper, so I said, "Let's go over there and get some," and so we walked around and most people sort of finished eating, but there were all sorts of food left. And so I was sort of abrupt in tone to the woman who was standing there, telling her someone was supposed to bring our supper and they didn't. So she said it was a very strange collection of food, I can't remember exactly what though. There was a pancake that was shaped like a doughnut, only it was flat, and there were some French fried potatoes and something else weird. My husband and I picked up some water to drink. We had our choice of tea or coffee, but we just had ice water. Then we started eating and that was the end of that dream.