I was with my husband. We were driving to this small town. It seemed to be up in the mountains and we came to a place where the road went and we had come down this street and the crossroads that we had come to was a small dirt road and you could turn to the left or to the right and we went to the left because it was a part of the road that we had never been down before and we just wanted to see where it went. We turned down the road and fairly soon after that, we had turned down it. It branched again and there was a dirt road on one side and we started going down that and there was a gate that blocked our way and it was some sort of National Forest or National Park. There were tables set up for picnics and everything, but it was closed and we were sort of indignant. We were talking to a young boy who was obviously working as a ranger just for the summer and asked him what this meant because we had been to 3 or 4 places just recently which were national parks or something and they had all been closed down, and since this was the busy season they should do their repairs at some other time. So he went off to consult with somebody and we came back and there were several people standing around besides us that also wanted to get in. Some people who were on the inside already, but still were standing there. The person that this ranger brought back was ranger also and took this hose and turned it on rather strongly and put the nozzle down against the lock of the gate and the pressure finally broke it open, so we went on in and there was an old house inside the park or whatever, and the ranger told us this was an old mountaineer's home and there was nothing historic about it. It had been left and there was some old furniture and stuff in it and anything we wanted we could buy for this nominal fee. So we went into the house along with this other family that we sort of took this instant dislike to for some reason. There was a grandmother and then the, her daughter or daughter-in-law and son or son-in-law and 2 of their children. I don't know what it was we disliked about them. I guess they were typical tourists or something and we thought we weren't. So we started rummaging around anyhow. There was this one big room. It was real dusty and there wasn't very much in it. There were some old caches that looked like they had been lying around the floor for 50 years or so and a few boxes of things and we started looking thru these and we found some things that were quite interesting. We found 3 little kerosene lanterns, the old-fashioned type, only they weren't exactly kerosene lanterns because they also had candles in them. Then we found some little knickknacks and bric-a-brac type stuff, these little salt and pepper shakers and little statues and such and we thought of taking some of those with us, but really there wasn't very much there that we wanted and besides the dust was bothering me. I have asthma and in my dream, all the dust and everything in the place was bothering me, which is sort of unusual for a dream. I don't think I've ever had a dream like that before. Anyway, we got our little collection of stuff and went out toward the door and ranger was standing behind a counter and cash register and we were going to pile the things there and let him add up the cost.