The dream is a little involved, but it concerned a football game here at the university. It was something like watching a cartoon and some little character had gotten involved in a football game and didn't know what was going on, as things happen in cartoons. Somehow he had gotten the ball and gotten it way up on top of a flagpole. It was in the middle of the football field. At least this is where it was at the time and it was stuck up there and it wouldn't come down if he shook the flagpole or anything and the wind wouldn't blow it off. It was just sort of stuck there and it seems in some way I had been responsible for this and everybody was mad because the game was just over now. And so I was walking sort of along this dirt road close to the auditorium afterwards and this car went past with these people in it I hadn't seen for several years, a man and his wife, and they stopped and we started talking, and I told them what had happened. And now when I was pointing to the football, it wasn't on the flagpole in the middle of the stadium anymore, but on top of a big flagpole that was on top of a big water tower similar to the one that is close to the stadium here. And so we were looking up at this football and when we watched it, it started teetering back and forth and pretty soon it fell down, all the way down from the top of the water tower which was a real long way. And I was wondering if the football would burst when it hit the ground, but it didn't and so I picked it up and threw it over to one of the attendants of the team and he took it and went away. Then I went back over to where these people were and they offered to give me a ride home and I was very reluctant to take it because I knew it would be out of their way and besides I had my daughter's stroller with me. And I had been going along this sandy road and it was pretty dirty and everything. And they had just gotten this car, although it was a pretty shoddy-looking car. The girl had picked it out and she had just gone into a used car lot and gotten one that was all dented up and everything. Anyway, they said yes they would take me home and so I was opening the trunk to put the stroller in it and there was already a tear back there and this was the man's chair and he didn't want it to get scratched or hurt in any way. I finally got everything settled in there so the trunk would close because it was a very small trunk. And when the stroller was folded up, it didn't seem to fit in there very well and I closed it up and got into the car and we didn't go very far. We drove just a little bit, sort of back around a circle or something. We were out at their place or their relatives' place in the country and we had stopped there for a little while and I didn't want to do this at all, but I was stuck there. That was about all of that dream.