In this dream I was very much afraid of this woman because I knew that she wanted to kill my daughter and me. It was a very irrational thing and unmotivated. There would be no reason for it, but she wanted to do it. Although I had been in the habit of leaving my doors unlocked and everything, I started locking them all the time, and I pictured several times in my mind very vividly her coming in and shooting us and shooting thru the walls or something, killing my daughter and me or both. And then in this dream and exactly how this happened, I'm not certain, but my daughter had to do something and was going to be there at some railroad station or something for some reason, and this woman knew it. And I was going to follow her and she was going to stab her and my husband was going to try to stop her, but there would be a very slight chance - because apparently this railroad station was in a very big city somewhere - and if he missed her once, then it would be too late. I was in this big city and the locale of this dream sort of shifted around right fluidly and I was looking out of the hotel window and I saw this woman slowly going along toward the railroad station. I wanted to call up my husband and tell him that I had seen her, and I couldn't find the number in my book. I looked up Dick Tracy, is what I was looking up. It was a different city and I couldn't get them. Anyway, I was back in my apartment in my university town, and I was frantic and I didn't know what to do and I thought, "Well, I'll call over at the psychiatric lab where he works and I will talk to them because I know he won't be there and send the police or do something. There must be something somebody can do because of this crazy woman, without trying to kill my daughter." So I picked up the phone and we have a party line and somebody was on it. I rattled up the receiver and asked them to please get off because this was an emergency. They just ignored me. I asked again for them to please get off because this was really an emergency and I had to use the phone for 5 minutes, and they wouldn't. Apparently whoever it was had this attitude that if they couldn't use the phone for whatever conversation they were carrying on, I couldn't use it either. Finally I said, "Can't you spare the phone for five minutes so I can save my little daugher's life?" but they ignored me, so I ran out of the house and I ran down thru the apartments looking for somebody who had a phone that I could use. And finally I went in the last apartment and nobody was there, so I decided I would use their phone. And there was nobody on the line here, but the phone wouldn't work right. It had a very funny dialing system which I finally got to work and called up over there and got the man who's in charge, a man -- a doctor -- who's in charge, and I told him, I said wasn't there anything they could do because there was this crazy woman who was trying to kill my daugher. He said, "Oh, you mean the one who is trying to stab her? I know about that." He just had this very casual attitude towards it, and I was very upset because I knew that she had killed her by this time. I knew nobody could have stopped her and I said, "Well, can anything be done to protect people from people like this?" He said yes. So I saw that she could be arrested now and put in jail or asylum for the rest of her life, but it wouldn't do any good to us because our daugher would already be dead.