The dream which concerned a dental clinic here which I'm going to go to in a few days. I dreamed I went over now before the desk opened and was going to sign up for the all-diagnostic clinic when they opened the desk at 2. Several other people were there. We all signed up. The girl who put my name down was a young student nurse and she said, "Would you like to see your...," oh, it was something silly like togetherness card or something, and it was about, it was a card that my student nurse who had sort of followed my case along when I was pregnant and had my daughter. It was a card she filled out and I sort of wondered at the time how this student nurse knew that I was going to be down there that particular day, and why she would write it down to show me. I had a whole armload of books. Apparently I had brought all my schoolbooks with me because I figured that I was going to be waiting there a long time. And I guess I thought I was going to do some work in them, but I walked over and put them down on a desk and some man who appeared to have something to do with the clinic was telling us that we mustn't put our feet on any of the chairs because chairs were for people to sit on. This was a man who was, oh, about 10 years older than I and some sort of indeterminate woman, and I was real thirsty and this man kept giving this lecture about the chairs and I got sort of tired listening to him and felt I was being sort of impolite. But anyway I gradually edged away from him and started walking down the hall looking for a water fountain, and I found one. I had to go out of the dental school wing of the building in my dream anyhow and now I found a water fountain and I also noticed that there was a ladies' room right there. So I got some water and went back and sat down and tried to find a few magazines that were worth reading. There was this weird collection of magazines, a few Life and ordinary magazines. I picked up a Ladies Home Journal and then a whole collection -- not exactly hymnals, but thin, slick bound magazines that were full of sort of vitalistic types of things -- and I didn't understand exactly what they were doing there and I didn't care to read any of them. I started reading this Ladies Home Journal and it had a story in there about some sort of a space launching pad or whatever you call it, only it was a very weird and mysterious place that was illustrated. Page after page of this almost complete blackness with just a little bit of color running through it and sort of a chicken wire mesh effect on the blackness. And so that was really sort of where that ended too. I was just sitting there reading and waiting to be called and also wondering about this dental student who I know, a couple that I know, but one in particular who is supposed to come down and sort of guide me thru all this stuff and be sure that I got somebody to see me.