I had another dream about the woman next door. In this dream I was thinking it was as if I had dreamed two days ago and remembered those dreams and talking to some man on the phone who we were supposed to go out with somewhere tonight. I said, "By any chance do you know this woman?" He said, oh yes, he knew her very well, and I said, "Well, what do you think of her?" He said, "Oh, she's very nice, but she seems to have some secret, but I and this other friend, Herb, have figured out what her secret is." I was a little bit skeptical of this before he said what they figured because I know this other person, Herb, although I didn't know this person in reality. He said, "We figured out that her secret is that she wants to spend all her life helping people and doing good for them," and I said, "Well, that may be so." We were thinking of getting her to baby-sit for us, and I believe we must have because the next episode that I remember in this dream is coming into my daughter's room and this woman had just finished stabbing her with this pocket knife. She didn't show any feeling about it, she just sort of stood there and no expression on her face whatsoever. So we figured that she wasn't strong enough. That she wasn't going to stab us. We were standing one on each side of her and I said, "Well, now that you've done that, I guess the only thing that's left for you to do is to stab yourself." I didn't expect her to do anything about it, but she sat down on the rocking chair beside her and stuck the knife into her chest. So then she sat there for a minute and she said, "Well, I don't see why I should do that," and so she pulled it out and I thought to myself, "Well, we better call the doctor. She's not dead. We better take her over to the Emergency Room." I called the Emergency Room and this very stupid doctor got on the phone. He said, "What's the problem?" I told him about the stab wound and he said, "Well, is there much bleeding?" I said, "Well, it's in the chest." He said, "Well, can the bleeding be controlled?" I said no. He said a couple of other real inane things and I said, "Well, can we bring her over?" He said something. I guess he said yes, and I called him and asked -- which I don't ever think I would really do, I don't think -- and hung up the receiver and we started over there. And just as we were getting ready to go with just this woman, I noticed that my daughter's eyes were fluttering and I thought, "Well, maybe they could save her too." So we were trying to get over there, and it's only a few minutes away, but it took us the longest, longest time to get over there. And I was trying to hurry with my daughter, and I finally did get over there. There were all these med students and interns standing around, and I had my daughter in a suitcase for some reason. I opened the suitcase. There was another in it and some blankets wrapped around her. I took her out and it was obvious that she was dead, but I asked them if they couldn't please do something for her. I held her up to them and they just sort of stood there, and I knew that they would ask me, "What's your name, and your address and everything," so they could go get her chart before they even started doing anything, and that was the point that I woke up from that dream. I don't understand these dreams. We had this woman over last night for tea and she really is, seems to be a very nice person. These are 3 of the worst dreams I've ever had about anybody. I don't know exactly what to make of them.