My husband and I were in some very large building, something like a hotel, only I don't think it was, and we were spending the night there. In the middle of the night, for some reason, I woke up and heard this funny noise, and I was listening to it, trying to figure out what it was. And all of a sudden my husband said it wasn't something, a clock or something, which apparently he was thinking I thought it was. It was somebody counting out his reels of tape in an adjoining room, and he could hear them counting them out or something. We did hear this clicking noise. It did sound like it might be plastic tape reels. These tapes contained the data from some experiment or another that he had done and were extremely valuable and apparently this person was going to try to steal them. So my husband got up and I don't remember whether he took a pistol or not, but he went into the next room and started talking to this person. I could just hear their voices, but not exactly what they were saying. I wondered if I should go thru the other rooms and call for help. I was debating this and then my husband came back into the room with the man he had found there who was in his late 30's, say, and sort of a big man, sort of foreign-looking, although he didn't speak with any particular accent. He had a little mustache, and I don't remember exactly how it happened, but some woman came into the room and my husband had persuaded all of these people that it was about time for breakfast, and it was about 5 or 6 o'clock in the morning by this time. He wasn't trying to arrest the person who was trying to steal the tapes or anything like that. He thought it would be a good idea if we all sat down and had some breakfast, so I was trying to fix some and there wasn't anything in the refrigerator that would do for breakfast. There were a few slices of Canadian bacon, and there was a big steak that I was cooking. My husband had told me that the reason for this breakfast was to have another witness, and this being this woman, that this man had actually been here, but it was a little bit vague.