My husband was going to visit this friend of ours, this Mexican-American in his earlier 30's up towards the library, and I got special permission to go with him on the grounds that he was my friend too and I knew him. I had to get permission from the dean or something like this. It seemed a little strange that we should be taking him on a tour of the library because he lives here and he perfectly knows well the library. But at any rate, we were going to and I was waiting in the library for my husband and this man to come, and I was standing by the room with big double doors with little oval windows in them that the freshman library lectures were being given in about a week ago, and now it was the freshman reading room and the doors were open. It was so strange because everything in it -- the people, the walls, everything, the tables -- were various shades of gray or white, just like a black and white movie. And I would look into this room and it would look so strange that I just couldn't believe it, and I would look back out and everything else would look normal. It was just so peculiar. I've never seen anything like it and I couldn't understand why everything in there would be gray. I figured that it was some trick of the light, that the people couldn't really be that way. No, not even their faces, their whole appearance was gray. When my husband his friend came up, I told them about  it. We looked in, but now when we looked in, although everything wasn't in perfect color, it was sort of a pale sort of wash of color over the scene and it had changed. We started off walking thru the library. Then the whole dream changed. It was sort of this melodrama going on. Sometimes I was watching and sometimes I might have been either of the 3 characters that were in it. The 3 characters were this man and these 2 women who looked -- no, they didn't look exactly alike; they did except for the color of their hair, I think -- who both loved this man and the blonde-haired woman was some sort of princess or some high-born lady, and the other girl who was dark-haired was from the lower classes or something. And this noble woman was very jealous; even if she thought this man would love this other girl rather than her, she would rather have him dead than be with her. So there was this big scene. Somehow the noble woman had gotten the man arrested on some sort of charges. It must have taken place at least a couple of hundred years ago, if not in the Middle Ages, because it seems the king's men had come out to arrest him and were going to put him in this big dungeon or something, and everybody was carrying swords around. It was really a strange thing and sometimes I would be a man and sometimes I would be a woman. If I were the man, sometimes I would love one of the girls and sometimes the other. Finally, I believe, the man and the dark-haired lower class girl had gotten away somehow and were running off together. So the blonde-haired girl, the noble girl, couldn't stand this chunk of ice with some sort of magical properties it was supposed to have, and she threw it at the couple as they were embracing, whereupon the couple were both near, and near one of them was a man that she had loved and the one who had been changed from a girl was now a troll, so the dream said. This wasn't the effect this ice was supposed to have. It was supposed to just kill them, I think. The last scenes of this were exactly as if I read a comic book about it because the scenes were in these little boxes and what was going on was written down at the bottom. I would see one of these scenes sort of frozen, and then maybe it would be animated for a while. It was sort of unusual.