I dreamed that I and my husband, I believe that's all, were driving along up in the mountains thru this great dark forest. The trees in this forest, some of them were really immense, and the sides of the mountains went sort of straight up and you could look up and there were these immense trees towering overhead and these gnarled roots holding onto the ground. We knew this was close to the Indian reservation because we some trees, first they looked like white birth, then they were tall and slender and smooth and looked like arrows, so we knew we were close to the Indian reservation. We kept driving thru this forest in various places. Then the scene sort of shifted. It had snowed. There was a little town, I don't know if it was in the mountains somewhere. There really wasn't much snow on the ground, an inch or so, yet nobody was out in it. As I walked along, I started seeing little toys that had been abandoned by kids. I decided I would take them home to my daughter. The first thing I saw was a marble, a big pretty clear marble, one of these very large and pretty ones. So I picked it up and I, all the things that I found seemed to be that sort of a nature, some sort of a balls, and they were all very attractive to me for some reason. There were small ones, round, and attracted me for some reason, so I had a collection of 5 or 6 of these and also one other object which was an egg-shaped made out of rubber like most these balls were. That was my favorite thing of all except for this clear marble, but I collected this, a little sack full. I got to the grocery store and there was hardly anybody in there except the proprietor and there was hardly any selection of food because of the fact that nobody could come in with their groceries since the snow had stopped everybody. What was there was rather expensive. Besides that I didn't understand why I was at the grocery store because there really wasn't anything that we needed. I kept trying to think of what we might need, but I couldn't succeed in thinking of what I should be getting. But I did get several things. I got half a head of lettuce, corn on the cob that was cooked that I ate as I walked around the store, and several other items. I don't remember exactly what. I also had this little bag of cigarettes which had 4 or 5 cigarettes in it and I was going to smoke these in secret every once in a while. When I got to the checkout counter and this man was totaling up my groceries, he started talking about Christ and the life of Christ and Christ's betrayer. He made a special study of this and he knew all about it. He was thinking of the descendants or was it one of his disciples who betrayed him? I can't remember which it was, but he knew what their names would be and he knew what they would look like and everything. I don't understand what the point of this was, but he kept me there for a real long time. He checked everything that I had very carefully and apparently he suspected me of having some sort of relationship with this man or to this man or being a relative of his.