I was talking to my instructor in French romanticism, an instructor that I admire very much -- a man in his early 50's, I guess -- and we were discussing the significance of certain names in Proust's work and how all these names had a sort of hidden meaning, a symbolic meaning explaining the character, which, in fact, I don't think is actually so. But anyhow, we were talking about it and I was very happy to be talking to him about it because I think he's a very intelligent man and a very learned one. Then I don't know where we had been talking about this, but then we were in our apartment and I was in the bathroom on the toilet and he was standing beside me. And we were still talking about something and I was a little bit embarrassed by this, but not terribly so, and when I had finished we started embracing and I found this very exciting. And then it wasn't this instructor any more, but my husband, and I still found it exciting and for some reason, we couldn't go on and make love right then. It was in the afternoon and it was a strange afternoon. It was very beautiful weather. The sky was blue and there were some clouds in it, but there was something very strange and eerie about the weather. I've never seen or known any weather exactly like this and I can't explain what quality of the, it was so different, but I think it was the quality of the light. It seemed as if the light were being filtered down thru something and sort of diffused around instead of simply being there. I was going outside. I had an English bicycle and it had been overhauled or something and there were several big pieces as if the bike had things like this on it that weren't put back on it so it couldn't be ridden. So I was taking it over across the street and parking it where it would be out of the way and then I walked uptown, or at least I was uptown walking and I was walking down the street and looking into various shop windows. It was my university town, but there were stores that aren't actually in that town, and I saw my instructor again ahead of me going into this little restaurant and beer shop. And I went on past and was going on and I had been thinking about this for some time, that my daughter needs some more books to read. So I was going to go down to this dime store and buy her some and I went into this store and started looking around at the books. They had some very strange children's books, now that I think of it. They had some of these cheap books on this sort of newsprint-like paper without colored illustrations in it. I didn't want that kind for her. I wanted something that would be sturdy and they had little books on flowers of America and birds and so forth, and something very strange. It was a picture of a woman, a very slender woman and slender-waisted with her arms up over her head, and she had sort of rings on growing out of her arms like a bat, and they were sort of reddish yellow. The whole background was the yellow and I forget the title of it. It was a strange book. It was a book for older children. But I was looking, then I noticed they had all sorts of things for hobbies. And about this time my sister had come into the store and we were looking and I found something very useful to me, some set of enamel paints for copper enameling and there were about 15 or 20 different colors. And I thought this would be very nice for her. It was inexpensive, but some of the little jars looked like they had dried up, and so I was trying to look for a nicer one.