The dream concerned these people who were, there had been an atomic war, and these people were up in this cabin in the mountains trying to sort of hide there until the fallout would be past and it would be safe to go out. There were two men and one woman, I believe, and I was the woman and they were all in their 30's. They had various provisions and such to try and keep them to this time, a week or two. The cabin was made of brick and it had many windows in it, and these people weren't doing very much to keep the radiation from getting in really. But everything outside looked so innocuous, it was hard to believe anything very bad could be happening. But they all started getting sick and one person in particular and it was sort of as if this were in a novel and this person wasn't going to get well. After some time the person who was I in the dream had to go out into the living room to go across to get some more provisions, and when I went out and looked thru these picture windows in the front of the cabin, I saw all these people walking around outside, talking in unusual accents, British or Irish or some thing and none of them seemed to be particularly bothered by anything. So I thought well, maybe it was safe. On the other hand, maybe these were some sort of different people. I went outside though and was sort of caught with this group of women and another woman was addressing them and she apparently was from a different planet or something, the one who had waged this war and was asking us what we had done. And we almost confessed what we had done or said against them and so she let us down some steps into this sort of church and we were all supposed to confess at some point or another to what we had done. And it wasn't clear how strict or how lenient these people would be with us, and I knew that I hadn't done anything. Something confusing then happened. I was talking to a boy who was in one of my classes and this woman who wanted us to confess now apparently was our instructor and we were just discussing her. She was one of these people who were really blustery and sound sort of mean, but really she wasn't. So we talked about her for a while. Then we were in class. I don't remember exactly what we were studying, and then class was over and I went down to the library and into the ladies' room because there's sort of a lounge there and I wanted to rest awhile before I went home. This boy was in there too and we were both sitting on the couch and there was somebody else in there that I knew that I was talking to, this woman who's in her middle 30's who's in school there. So we talked for a while and then I left because I had to get home. and when I went out and started walking sort of thru the parking lot, there were all these cars for students, all these male students. They seemed to be looking for girls and seemed to be some sort of orgy type thing, but nobody seemed particularly to want to interfere with it or anything. So I was walking down the street and I came to where there were these several coeds and these several students and this one male student who I came near rushed up and grabbed me and started trying to make love with me. I tried to get away from him and tell him I was married and everything, but it didn't seem to stop him too much and I really didn't want him too much to stop. So we started making love now on the ground with all these people around and it didn't seem to particularly bother me. This seemed to go on for a long time. I don't remember exactly what happened. Then there was sort of a strange scene in which I had to leave and all the coeds who had been there were symbolized sort of by these metal shapes with a sort of feminine shape to them which were lying on the ground, these hollow shapes. It seems I was somewhat responsible for them and I should do something for them, but I didn't know exactly what.