My husband had taken this boy next door, these people who recently moved in, this Negro family, and he had taken the man -- somewhere in his 20's -- over to the lab for some sort of a routine test. I'm not sure exactly what he was trying to do, but he was going to hook up EEG, GSR leads and so forth and run some sort of experiment. The doctor who works over there, the psychologist, had been helping him hook the leads up and I was over there, whether to run the equipment or just to watch them, I'm not sure. This man began telling us of some dreams that he had had over the past few weeks, and some of them were quite involved and of a private nature, and I wondered why he was telling them to us - about being impotent and some of his family problems and such like. He was sort of sounding like a hypochondriac and seemed to have all sorts of difficulties with his stomach. He would take all these pills and everything and these laxatives, and he'd run some of his dreams on these things he'd take right before going to bed. We'd been in there for a while and while the experiment was going on and then we had to go move our cars, which were still in this parking lot of this previous dream because nobody was supposed to park there, we found out. So we went out and my husband moved his car and we went over to my bus and got in it. My husband wanted to make love there, but didn't because the bus had sort of changed and didn't have walls to it any more. It was just sort of open, and it looked like it had been sitting there for quite a while because there were some spider webs and things in it. We were getting ready to go back over to the building, over to the lab, when I noticed that on these weeds that were growing close to the front of the bus there was this tiny little animal and it looked something like a lemur and something like a mouse. And it was like no animal that I had ever seen before. It was a very strange animal and I wanted to catch it and take it over to the zoo dept. and see if they knew what it was. So I went back in and fooled around and I finally found a container that I thought would hold the thing. I was a little bit afraid of it, even though it was small, because I thought it might be vicious or something. So I went back to the bush and after quite a few tries of chasing the little animal around, I finally got it into my container. This was a small container. It was glass and for some reason, I had covered it with some cloth and it had a screw top on it. And then I took it back into the building and then it was quite a big larger. There was a light in it that made heat, but the light was separated off from where the little animal was by a magazine or something we put in there. There was this cloth all around it and the top on it. Gee, this container just got larger and larger as time went on. Anyway, I looked inside. I pulled some of the cloth back so I could see. The little animal changed is character, and it wasn't this little shrew or lemur thing any more. It was, in fact, two little animals, one of which resembled a horned toad, if you can imagine some sort of mammal that had developed little scales in place of its fur. The other animal that was in there was a strange and unusual creature because it was made out of beige yarn. It was knitted, but there was no question that it was alive. It reminds me very strongly now of two things. One is a science fiction story I read a long time ago, not recently, about this race of creatures that looked like men but weren't because their brains had been eaten away by some sort of fungus. And the other thing that this reminds me of in its appearance is the mouthless divinities that there are paintings of pre-historic Australian natives. In appearance this is what the thing looked like.