My husband and I and our daughter were going with these friends of ours, Harry and Betty, who were several years older than us, out to this place where second-hand furniture was sold. We had seen this place before and been very impressed with it. So we wanted to show our friends this place. They were looking for something or other, perhaps not really interested in anything in particular, but just wanted to see what sort of things this place had, what sort of prices they wanted for them. So we went in this place which there actually is a second-hand place which has all these characteristics, but this wasn't exactly that place because instead of being in town, it was out in the country in a two-story farmhouse. To get into this farmhouse you had to go up these fairly high flight of stairs as if you were going up to the second story. You didn't go in right at the ground level. Well, we went in and looked around and our friends were very impressed by the things that we saw. For instance, we saw some very huge old copper cauldrons, about as big around anyhow as an ordinary bathtub is long, and rather ornately decorated. We were speculating on the use of ovens, and we were very intrigued, Betty and I, by the possibility of baking bread in these things. It seems sort of strange, but we were. Then we saw, it wasn't really beautiful, it was sort of unusual, old, heavy dining table and chairs, which had already been sold to somebody for $400, which seemed like rather a lot of money. But many of these things were sort of valuable antiques. There was a woman who ran this place, not in the actual store. There was a man, and she was tall and sort of thin and there was something sort of sinister about her, an old farm woman, and she had this very evil look on her face. We went down in the basement for something, to see what was down there and somebody came up to us, a man I believe, just a farmhand, but anyhow nobody particularly special, and warned us that Betty and I especially shouldn't be here because -- he said this twice -- in her speculation there was virulence. And he said this again and then he left us, and Betty and I were sort of scared. And I was especially scared because it occurred to me then that I had this other friend of mine saying something about this woman that she felt very sick at her stomach when she had been out here and had left. So I told Betty, "Now don't eat anything that she offers," and then I left. It was just about noon. Then the woman came out. We were going out the back basement door, and the woman called down to us and I knew she was going to offer to give us something to eat because I could smell her cooking. I knew I was going to turn it down and I was thinking of all sorts of excuses. She came up to me and stood there talking to me for a while and she had this sort of little enamel bowl in her hand that had something in it. I was trying to get away from her as fast as I could and get into our truck. We had brought a used truck for some reason, not just a pick-up truck, but a high truck. Then I think she asked me if I would have dinner with her, and I said no, and she said, "Oh, but it's a pity. You must do it sometime. It would make you so mean." She sort of leered at me. Then I climbed into the truck with my daughter and I tried to close the door and she appeared and said, "I hope your daughter likes what I have given her to eat." So I was horrified naturally. I noticed she was chewing on something, chewing on little bits of apple or something, sort of fruit or fruit peel. So I tried to get it out because I thought it was loaded with arsenic or something. So I was sort of upset and when my husband and the other two came out in the car, I said we were going to have to hurry to get to the hospital and have this stuff analyzed and everything.