I had just come out of class and I was standing behind the library waiting for my husband to pick me up. It was sort of a miserable day, it was cold, and I didn't have enough on and so I was cold. So I saw these two people who were graduate students who were coming along and I didn't know them. Two boys and they were talking about languages, so I figured they must be in one of the language departments, and they got into this big white car and I got in with them. But I didn't say anything to them, and they didn't say anything to me, and they didn't seem to be particularly astonished that I was there. They started off and went out of the parking lot and up to the stoplight where they stopped and just sat there and talked. Finally I saw my husband coming along, but he was walking down the middle of the road. He didn't have his car with him. So I got out of these people's car and went over and asked him where the car was and it had had some sort of very strange trouble. I forget what it was. It was something sort of devastating that happened to it and I got real mad because I said every single car that we ever had is broken down within six months and we aren't able to use it. He said that wasn't so, but it was. We were walking toward the hospital. My daughter had this checkup appointment in the pediatrics clinic that day. I was going to take her, and I said, "Well, I'll do that, but I can't walk home with her and my books too. Will you take my books?" And my husband said yes, he would. We got in the hospital and somehow I left my books on the first floor of the hospital somewhere. My husband had gone off to get something. And I just left my books there and our daughter who hadn't been with us all the time was suddenly with us. So I got in the elevator and pushed the second floor button because this is where the clinic was. I got in and asked somebody where this clinic was because I hadn't been to this particular place before. So she started guiding me toward it and I saw the place where all these little children were waiting with the desk and I started going over to it and the girl I was with started practically pulling me away. "No, not that place. The other one." And that place was where the Negro children were waiting. I got sort of indignant because they were being so silly about it. It didn't make that much difference to me, and she looked at me sort of funny like maybe our daughterwas half Negro and so we got over to the appointment desk, the white appointments desk, and I was going to give her my appointment slip, and I had left my pocket book downstairs and my appointment slip in it. So I said would I get waited on any faster if I left my daughter here with you while I go down and look for my pocket book. So I left her there behind the appointment desk and started to go to look for my pocket book. Then things got real confused and I never did go back downstairs, and I was worried about my books too. I wondered if my husband would be able to find them and take them home. I came to this place, part of the hospital, part of the kitchen, dietetics where the hospital and people who needed to for some special patients they were taking care of at homes, and they had this machine or this device at any rate, that would make square hamburger patties like you can buy in a grocery store. Everybody was praising this machine. So I was supposed to go see how it worked and it wasn't anything particularly special. You just put the hamburger in between these two sort of wire grills and pressed down on it and there was your patty. It was quite a bit nicer and firmer than you would be able to ordinarily fix, but it wasn't anything that special, although in the dream it was sort of fascinating and I stood there and worked it for quite a while. Then it occurred to me that I thought that I had left my pocket book right behind the appointment desk, which of course is real contradictory since it couldn't have been so or else I would have had my appointment slip there. I think I was going back to find it when I woke up. Two things else that happened in this dream that I forgot. In the first, before I was waiting for my husband behind the library in the parking lot, I was in supposedly my French class, but we were discussing all the Irish and English playwrights and being passed out books of their work. We could read these or read some other if we wanted to, but I was given these real slender books and some of the plays I had read before, so I thought I would just keep these even if they might not be of interest. Then after I had told the lady at the appointment desk that I had left my pocket book downstairs, I thought instead of just letting me go down there and look for it where I knew I had left it, called up some desk down there and asked if this certain pocket book had been found. She started describing it to the lady and I had to tell her what the contents were. After I had done all this, then the lady downstairs said no, they hadn't found any such pocket book. It was sort of silly.