I was in the Negro section of a large town, perhaps my hometown. And I was married apparently to this black man and we were going in several stores and everything and I felt very out of place and I was meeting all of his friends and everything. I felt very out of place because I figured that nobody was ever really going to accept me here. Then in the same dream there came this strange person who was Death, and he was a young person. He was coming to carry me away and somebody else who I bet I knew. We were trying to get out of it and I had all sorts of good valid excuses why Death shouldn't carry me away right then. For instance, I had two babies to take care of and all sorts of things. Nobody else could do this as well as me. So he listened to me. And his emblem and his signal that he was going to come and take you away and what he carried with him, his badge of office, was the top of a Coke bottle and this is what he carried with him always. And if you had one of these, you were immune from death for a while. I had a long talk with Death and I asked him how he got to be this way. His mother was named Life. It was all very allegorical and everything, but how intriguing, and all these scientists who think they have analyzed everything and figured everything out don't realize that this is the way, actually the way things go on, that there really is this person named Death and there really is this person named Life. But at any rate, I didn't much want to go away with Death cause he didn't seem to treat the people he took away with him too nicely. He had them all handcuffed and tied up and I don't know what he did with them, but I didn't particularly want to go. So although it was very strange, I was sort of attracted to him as a person. I was very interested in him. It was a strange sort of attraction. It was, I don't know, sort of a physical one. But at any rate, I didn't want to go with him, so I persuaded him that I couldn't go now. I wanted to get him to give me a little one of these Coke bottle necks so that I wouldn't have to go as long as I, as long as I was going to make a bargain with him. As long as I had that and it wasn't broken, then I could stay here. But if I broke it, then I would have to go that day. That was the bargain I was going to make with him. We did quite a bit of talking and I was talking with some other people. Got a little bit complex, but I knew I was going to get away. Although then something strange happened. It seemed that he tricked me in some way because I was supposed to make a model of the Coke bottle, and I was supposed to make it from hard sugar candy, and I knew it would look very hard, but it wouldn't be and that it would melt really easily and then I would be caught, but I was in the grocery store shopping for it anyway.