There was someone who was trying to kill my daughter and this someone varied in age, I think, even in the dream, but they were always rather young. And it was a rather young girl and her age would vary anywhere from 2-1/2 up into her teens, and she was completely evil like the little girl in the Bad Seed. Not only was she evil, but she had some supernormal powers. She could predict things and make things happen which ordinary people couldn't do. At the beginning of the dream there had just been a terrific rainstorm in the place where we lived, which wasn't exactly here. As a matter of fact, it seemed to be in the mountains, although it didn't remotely resemble the cabin there that we have just been to. The rain had driven in under the door and it was on the floor, and I was trying to persuade my husband to hold our daughter on the bed and not to let her away from him because as long as we were with her, this thing couldn't happen. He thought I was sort of hysterical or nonsensical or something; I didn't know what I was saying and what I was saying wasn't very important, but I finally more or less had him persuaded and I went out and there was water on the floor in the bedroom and there was water on the floor in the kitchen. I was going to clean the kitchen up a little bit. Then some sequence happened and I was outside down below the house, and was going up to it, and there were quite a few people around it - all girls as I remember, and in their teens somewhere mostly. And they were around the house and some were going up towards it. There was a big screened porch and it seemed that this was sort of a community house or something. And so I was going up the stone steps toward the house and got on the porch there and then I believe that the little girl who was trying to kill my daughter for some reason was there and she was doing something ugly, and she was a rather little child now, 3 or 4 years old. And so I told her I didn't want her there. She hadn't particularly done anything wrong. I told her I didn't want her there and I started hitting her over the head with a coat hanger, and she started crying and screaming and the nurse that took care of her came outside on the screened porch. We were on the inside somewhere and she was telling the little girl that if she wasn't happy there, they would take her home. And so I picked up the little girl and was going to take her out to her nurse and tell her to never bring her back here again or let her come back here again, and the little girl bit the back of my hand. So I thought I could fix that easy enough, so I bit at her hand and I bit one of her fingers off, and it was so easy to do like biting thru wax or something. And I knew nobody's finger came off that easy and she didn't even seem to notice that I had done it. It didn't seem to bother her at all, and I just sort of spit her finger out or something on the floor and took the little girl out to her nurse. And by this time she was screaming like she had been very cruelly mistreated, and I guess she had since I had bitten he finger off. But it seemed to me that I was completely in the right and her mother had come up behind the nurse and they were both standing there, and I sort of tried to hide the fact that one of the little girl's fingers was gone because it wasn't bleeding or anything. But then I felt sort of embarrassed because I thought what if they got home and found out she didn't have any finger and that I had bitten it off and that was pretty bad. So I had better act like I'm sorry, even though I'm not. And so I told the nurse and mother how sorry I was that I had done this, and I went back and I found her finger and I handed it to her, to the mother, and told her if they could get her over to the emergency room quick enough that they probably would be able to sew it back on.