I went down to the house of a neighbor of mine. Not too far from here. Some people who recently moved there, Sally and Donald, whom I knew several years ago and lost touch with until they moved out here. I didn't know exactly why I had gone down there because I didn't intent to stay at all. She tells me that they had been selling some of their furniture, and they had one little thing they couldn't sell at all and they were just going to give it away, but they hated to do it, one tiny little chest of drawers. So I said, "Well, I would like to see it because we could always use extra storage space." So she took me back in her room and showed it to me, and it was very small. It was shaped in sort of a triangular-shaped front to it with two doors that opened up, both of these being sort of triangular shaped too, of course. It was a very beautiful little thing. it was just about, oh a foot or a foot and half high and a couple of feet wide. It was carved, this design was carved on the side, it was very beautiful wood, and one the inside it was like one of these roll-top desks. It had all these tiny little drawers and pigeon holes and things in it. I was fascinated by it and I thought, well, I couldn't just take it for nothing, even though she offered it to me and obviously she didn't really want to give it away. She suggested that if I wanted to, that I might pay her $2 and I thought that was remarkably reasonable, so I wanted to my husband to come down and carry it back for me. Just about this time he appeared and so I told him to give Sally $2. He, of course, didn't know why and I was sort of going to surprise him with this beautiful thing. And he did and he was sort of puzzled and I took him back to show him this beautiful cabinet. And she started taking all of her things out of it. My husband took the cabinet home and I was stuck there and I was sort of stranded because I didn't feel it would be polite to go right away and yet I needed to go back. This girl's mother is from some middle Eastern country, and when she was taking, Sally was taking the things out of this cabinet, she took out all of these stamps. They were Israeli stamps, and she apparently carried on quite a lively correspondence with some of her relatives there. And she had made some quite interesting sketches of various things I guess that she intended to send to them. And some of her letters were there too, and she just sort of gone somewhere and left me standing in front of all these things and I thought, well, it wouldn't be too impolite to just sort of glance at them, especially the sketches were so lovely. She had a very strange thing in there. She wrote to one of these relatives not to be too sad that her mother had shot somebody or something which I gathered was one of Sally's parents' favorite horses because, oh, I don't know, her mother had shot the horse and it made her father very unhappy. But Sally was writing her relatives not to be too distressed about this. Finally I did leave, I think, and the scene shifted. At first it seemed to be on a river bank and later it turned out to be the ocean. My husband and I and maybe some friends of ours were going to have a picnic. We were going to cook out there, and I was frying a chicken over this fire, this fire we had built, and there was a group of school children, high school children, who were also having some sort of an outing there. And I for some reason went up to a little store which was high up on the hill. I was going to get some glasses or something. When I got in there everybody was talking about how the ocean was rising, how a storm was coming. And I looked out and all around the store the ocean was. It was possible to walk back down to where I had been, but the ocean apparently came in from this direction of the hill that I had just walked up. It came in on top of that, in that direction. The waves were going down towards the little bank which was almost cut into an island where my husband and our daughter and all these other people were. The waves were going down towards the little bank which was almost cut into an island where my husband and our daughter and all these other people were. The waves were doing something very strange, which waves in actuality never do. The only way I can describe it is to say that the waves had been drawn and animated by this person who does some very wacky cartoons from Mad Magazine. They gave the appearance of sneaking along very quickly toward the shore. Well, I thought I had better go down and warn everybody very quickly cause they were dangerous and I could see the waves breaking right around us, this place where they were fixing food. Nobody seemed to be aware of them. Now let me try to describe something. There was this sort of, there was this long hill down which the waves were coming. Then there was a sort of a little upslope, and a small type of hill and on this the people were. On the other side of this, there was either just a down bank or some grass or there was little river there. And then I was going down a straight line down the hill and up the slope and so forth. There was a small river guarded by a rail and some rock and it was like a little canyon and a very high cliff immediately on the other side of this little river, and down close to the river, to the edge, sort of dark openings like sort of a cave that went back under the cliff a little ways. Well, I was going back as quickly as I could to warn everybody when this huge wave came down and crashed and swept all these people away across and down into this little river, down around these caves. So I ran down as quickly as I could and leaned over the rail that was there and saw my husband and told him to hurry and get out of there. He got out and then we looked and someone had our daughter, and we got her. And there were other waves coming and so we were trying to hurry away from them. And this now becomes a very weird thing because it was a very nightmarish quality and I apparently woke up from it. When I woke up, I was in this very strange state. I had been reading this book about astral projections and different techniques for accomplishing this, and one of them was when you woke up from a dream and were in this trance-like state, you could project your astral body. I thought, well, I'll just try it and so I concentrated on whatever I was trying to concentrate on and sure enough, my astral body or whatever and I started sitting up and this sort of upset me, and I was sort of scared. And just about this time my husband, lying next to me, muttered something and put his arm over me, over the top of me, and this sort of broke the trance and I was awake and I started telling him my horrible dream and how I was projecting. He thought that was very fine. Then I actually woke up, and that's a very strange thing to me because I never had a dream that I thought I woke up from and wasn't actually awake.