I dreamed about Russian missiles being dropped on the U.S. It seemed to start off with my thinking what would happen if this should occur, and then with it occurring. And I wasn't in this apartment. I was in some strange house that I have never been in as far as I know, in a twin bed and my brother was in the one next to me, my older brother. My parents and my daughter were in the house somewhere. These tremendous crashes and windows being blown in, things falling over and all this sort of stuff were happening and I made myself sort of a little place behind the bed which I propped against the wall and something else. My brother didn't seem to be conscious, so I dragged him in there and waiting till all the noise and confusion had stopped. Then it so happened that this room we were in was the kitchen or very close to the kitchen. So I was getting this stuff together, all the food I could think of, doing all sorts of things, turning off the water flowing into the water heater, so water in there could be used to drink and all this sort of stuff. Some people from the Civil Defense came by and told us what to do like putting things over the window as much as we could. There were all these shouts and things going on outside. I wondered why my parents hadn't come in to see about us and I figured something must have happened to them and I went into their room, and they were just sort of both asleep. So they got up and I told them to come in with us because this was where we were going to stay for the next couple weeks till there wasn't any more fallout. So they got out and my daughter came walking out of her bedroom. We got all this stuff together, all this food and everything, and then it was this immensely long time day after day. The dream covered days and days of waiting there. We gradually brought in all sorts of nice little things to make this kitchen place more comfortable. We got our transistor radio and listened to that every once in a while to see when it would be safe and everything. It went on for an awfully long time. It was the type of thing that for some reason is immensely comforting for me and I don't know what the reason for it is. I never had a dream like it before as far as I know, but I think about this type of thing every once in a while, and it's very comforting. But I don't know what the reason is, but it seems to be so warm and secure holed up in this place with all this food and everything around us.