I'm telling my husband about what I thought was a right foolproof scheme if you were going to make some corn liquor, some moonshine, and you didn't want to be caught. I figured out a way to do it. It does sound pretty good, even now. What you would do is get a house with a big basement and a big hot furnace, maybe one of these coal-burning types, and you'd fix your still somehow so it would be right close to this furnace. You could fix something coming out from the furnace that would supply heat to your still so that you could distill your liquor. The whole thing was supposed to be mounted on wheels so if anybody did come snooping around, you could just, quick, shove the whole thing off into a closet somewhere so they wouldn't find it. We were talking about distilling wine, making wine, and we were wondering if you would distill it in any way and sort of reading a recipe or being read a recipe by somebody, and at the same time seeing this operation being carried on. The scene sort of took place in front of this large white farmhouse, somewhere out in the country. Finally we were there and this wine bit sort of faded into the background. These people were just moving into this house, this older couple and sort of a foreign couple. I guess they were in their middle 30's or something. They seemed to be somebody we knew, but I don't know who they could have been, really nobody that I can place. So we were going thru the house. I think they were showing us the house or something, and it was fairly nice, large rooms and attractive. In the kitchen, the kitchen was in two parts and in one part the woman put up a lot of dishes she wasn't going to use and wrapped each one of them in this white shelf paper, which seemed like an awful lot of work, but she had done this, and had shelf paper on the shelves under them too. The next episode in this dream was very vaguely similar to one of the things that would occur in gothic novels because it was concerned with a much oppressed heroine who -- oh, there was somebody sinister. It all took place in this farmhouse which was about as unsinister as it could be, but there was something sinister. I was trying to find the appropriate moment or something to see what was going on and so I had this book I had read in real life in my hand, which had indexed all these events. So I was going thru the index trying to find it, but I couldn't find it.