My husband and I and our friends Harry and Betty were up in the mountains at my parent's cabin and we had been on a walk somewhere and we were coming back. And as we started back, it started to rain. There was a big thunderstorm and we were running along, and at first we thought we had umbrellas or we had something. We either had umbrellas or some sort of pointed stakes that we were holding up in front of us as we ran, as if they were umbrellas. We were trying to hide under the trees. And as a matter of fact, I think that Harry kept breaking off the tops of trees like pine trees or something and carried them along over us. The lightning was flashing all around and it kept striking very close to me, and finally they said, "It looks as if they are really trying to get you. God has decided your time has come," or something. So a little while after this, as we were running, I was running on these great huge mounds trying to land in places where lightning wouldn't hit and so forth. I heard a deep voice from out of the sky that called to me. Exact words, I'm not sure what they were, but it was God and he had chosen me to die for him. Of course, there's not very much you can do about something like that. The next I knew, I was sort of being wafted thru the air, floating thru this sort of endless space, not exactly space but this strange dimensionless place, and landed right near the cabin where I was being nailed to this cross. At first I remember it was this ordinary type of cross. It was sort of one of these X crosses. But at any rate, there I was, and I wasn't very happy about the situation at all. I didn't want to be a martyr and I wasn't the type who would have ever elected to be. It was sort of in the middle of the night and everybody else was asleep, so I was trying to be quiet, not disturb anybody. In the morning my husband came out to see me. We talked for a while and I told him how I didn't want to do this. I wasn't afraid of dying or anything. I sort of wanted to get it over with since I was doing this. Just get it over with cause it wasn't exactly pleasant. So we were talking and he was touching my legs and arms. I told him not to cause it hurt so much. Then I woke up. He really was sort of touching my legs and arms. My feet for some reason were real sore. I think it was because I was jumping around the day before, but anyway they were really sore and I was in sort of a position as if I had been crucified with my arms sort of spread out, but it was sort of an unusual dream.