I and a whole group of people were down at the beach somewhere. Nowhere that I had ever been fore in actuality, and something had occurred before this. But the fist thing that I remember, this girl and I had been taken by this boy way down the beach from where the rest of the party was. Well, it was an awfully large rowboat, and for some reason we couldn't get back the same way. He just got up and left us, though we wanted to get back to where the rest of the party was. So we left the boat the edge of the water. It wasn't really like the edge of the ocean because it was very calm with just a little bit of waves. Just right off the edge it was about a foot deep. It didn't slip off that rapidly from that point. So we were running through the water and we seemed to do this very quickly, skimming along and pulling this boat behind us in the water. When I think back on this, it seems impossible that we were able to do this because there were these jetties about a hundred feet or so that came right up right out of the water. But in the dream they didn't cause us any difficulty whatsoever. We just skimmed right on thru them or something. We finally got back after just a few minutes to where the other people were and some other people were. My mother and my daughter, my husband, somebody else's little child, my brother's girlfriend, Ann, who is about 18, and I don't know. There were more people yet, but those are the ones I can remember. We were standing there and for a while it was late in the evening. It was fairly dark. We were looking out over the ocean to this big, huge, I might as well say, resort, hotel that was sort of on this little island, or it turned out later to be on sort of a peninsula because we could walk up to it, which was really an immense hotel. It was round on it going out around each floor. It was similar in its general appearance to my brother's dorm. We were over there last night. It's a big, very large dorm with four wings. But at any rate, we were all looking out toward this place and watching this airplane which seemed to be flying low, and we could see the lights on its wings blinking. That meant that it seemed to be a fairly big airplane and it was heading out towards this hotel. As it got closer, it seemed to be on this collision course with it. It seemed to be heading right for it. It was dark. We couldn't tell whether our sense of perspective was off, but finally we saw it going at sort of an angle into the hotel. Apparently flying right thru one of the porches, and then on again, because we couldn't see its lights for a minute, then we could see them again. Then it was light again around us and I happened to look up and overhead was this airplane, one of these small Piper cub type airplanes, that seemed to be out of control or something wrong with it. Its motor wasn't working and my mother and my daughter were right there playing on the sand and several other people were right around this area that were our friends and acquaintances. Now this plane was right over us and started to circle sort of erratically. We knew it was going to fall, but we didn't know where it was going to fall, so there wasn't any point in running anywhere because you might run right into where it was going to fall. So then all of a sudden it fell almost straight down and landed almost very silently, right side up and the pilot was in it and didn't seem to be particular hurt, just sort of flopped down into the sand there. I said to grab up the children and run because it might explode or catch fire or something. So we ran back a little ways finally. I had to convince people that this was a good thing to do. What happened after that, I'm not sure, but then we -- which was my husband and I and my brother's girl Ann and my daughter -- were going to see this big hotel, walk around the circular porches, terraces around the hotel and look at the view. It wasn't something I wanted to do very much and especially when se got close to it because when we got up to the top floor, the very top terrace, it didn't have any rail around it at all. It was up very high and didn't have any rail except this very low one, about six inches or so, and that wouldn't be any help, and I wasn't going to have my daughter on it. And I didn't want anybody else to go out on it either. So I got off finally. There was some complication about my getting off the stairs because I hadn't gotten on them the wrong way or something, but I did get off and was going to the story below that which did have a more adequate rail. I believe everybody else finally came that way too, I think. When I got to the door and was ready to push it open, I noticed that stuck in the door was a $20 bill. I didn't know exactly what to do with it, but there wasn't any sense in leaving it there for somebody else to take, so I took it. We started walking around this rail and I wasn't enjoying it very much. It got down to the ground level in one place and I don't understand how this worked. Maybe it was inclined at one point and sloped down and went down to the ground, but anyhow we were walking on the sidewalk past the hotel and then got back on it again and were starting back up.