My husband and I were up in the mountains, and we were going to walk to this little town. We didn't know exactly how far it was. It was about 3 to 7 miles away. My husband's mother was in the mountains with us, but we were taking my daughter with us on the walk. The road that we were to take was the same one that I walked down in a dream some time ago, not very long ago, but it didn't start at the same place it was supposed to. In this dream I remembered having walked down it before. But I thought I would walk down it with my sister. So my husband and I started out down the road and I pointed out several places to him that I remembered as I walked along. It was a dirt road and winding and it had recently been widened. Sometimes we let our daughter walk and sometimes we carried her. We came to a place where several new houses were being built on either side of the road, very far from any town or anything these houses were being built. It was a Sunday afternoon and yet these people, the people who owned them or the people who were working on them, were out working on the houses. Now that I think about it, even though these things were going on, it was very, very quiet. There was no sound and all these people were just working and not paying any attention to us as we walked by. But we came to this place where these people were building apparently something right in the middle of the road. There was a high heap of gravel in the road, and this man and woman were standing on top of it, raking it, the mound, and smoothing it. Then down in front of it there was a very flat place that had sort of been cleared out, a rectangular form that probably extended under this mound of gravel itself. I was standing in this rectangular space looking at what they were doing or just sort of standing there wondering what the purpose would be. The heap of gravel was up almost to the top of my head, I guess. And finally the woman noticed me standing there and she came up very indignantly and asked me what I was doing there, standing on their fine whatever they were building. I told her I was sorry and I moved, but I thought the mounds were what they were building and not this other place. So my husband and I with my daughter walked around and these people were hosing this mound down. My daughter saw it and started wanting a drink of water. Then the workman at one of the other houses said we had better not give her any because the purity of the water around here was uncertain. So we got on back down the road, and there was some water from the houses going down the street. It was almost sort of a paved street. It was very wide going through a residential area. It seemed to be a regular sort of suburban area, although the streets were quite wider than you would expect. There were no cars around, no people except for a few children. It was a hot day and I sort of thought it would be fun to walk along in the water, and I thought my daughter would enjoy it. So at this point we were barefoot walking through it. We walked on through this part and we came to a big crossroad where a little dirt road came into a big and complex intersection. This was way out in the country, though. It wasn't in town because we left this built-up part behind us. I told my husband that this was as far as I had come with my sister. We tried to find a sign post to find out how far it was to the little town that we were going to, and we couldn't, but we figured it must be at least another three and a half or four miles, and we had already walked that far with my daughter. I decided that we just couldn't go on because it would be that long back again. So we decided to stop. This happened to be the Blue Ridge Parkway that we had come to. Being Sunday afternoon, there were quite a few people in this little wayside park beside the highway and there was also a refreshment stand open. So we went over and found a little table, which very conveniently had a small seat, a swing type thing for our daughter to sit in, and got some things to eat. Then my husband was going to walk back, get the car and come back and get us. So my daughter and I were going to stay in this little park till he came back. So I wondered what we were going to do all that time. All of a sudden I acquired all sorts of paraphernalia, equipment like binoculars, camera and a flashlight, and mydaughter was naturally tired and there wasn't very much to do in this little place. There was a strange interlude. There was a little rustic cabin set in this park and it was inhabited by a member of the Old West. Exactly who it was, I don't believe it was Billy the Kid, it might have been Wild Bill Hitchcock, sort of a venerable-looking person with this wife and a dog. And he -- it was very complex -- but he, I believe, had been bribed by this younger man or he was the younger man who had bribed the former acknowledged all western star, into letting him be known as this, by giving him a fine old dog that the man really loved. I believe this was the one who had given the bribe rather than received it. Now his wife was doing something fraudulent. She was, she had this old Indian recipe for bleach, and it was sort of ridiculous. She packaged it up in two parts; one was this sort of whitish powder and the other was a bottle of Clorox. You were supposed to pour these two together and then you would have bleach, sort of expensive. Obviously it was a fraud because it was the Clorox, not the powder, that had the bleaching qualities. So I talked to her for a while, or at least sort of tried to, and the wife was very sort of self-righteous about this. After all, it was the only way they could earn a living. I said to this man -- I think he was Wild Bill Hitchcock -- "All these kids out there in the park would be glad to see you. Why don't you go out there and talk to them," and so forth and maybe, I didn't say this, but I implied that maybe the parents would give him some money so that they would have some more to live on. He said no, that nobody was interested in him anymore. More and more strange things appeared in this place all the time. Now right in front of his cabin there was a tent with an elephant in it. It just sort of took on a carnival appearance. There was also a duel in this, which I saw or it was rehearsed, but it actually happened. I was even one of the men in it. Between the man, the old star, and the young one who was now this old man, they had quarreled about something. So the old star said, "Let's just shoot it out," and the younger man, who I became in the dream, and the old man, the young man stayed in the house and the old man went out. We were both supposed to start firing at each other until we had used up all the shots in our six guns or until one of us had killed the other. So we both started shooting and neither one of us seemed to be any good. I don't understand how we could have been heroes and stars of the Old West because neither one of us did anything. I was scared to death. We were supposed to stay in this one fixed spot that we were standing in, and I kept wanting to sort of duck and get out of it. I kept counting the shots to see when all 12 of them were shot so I would know we were both safe. Finally they all got done. We were very happy that neither one of us had killed or hurt the other one. I had nicked the other man on the back of his hand, but it wasn't anything. That was the end of that little episode. As far as I can remember, it was the end of the dream except that I kept remembering all through it how long it took my husband to go back and get the car. What a long time I was having being stuck in this little park, but that's all.