It was a long narrative type of dream which concerned the liberation of some prisoners from one of the Nazi concentration camps immediately after the war. And it concerns something I read about one camp when they knew that the allies were coming to liberate the prisoners. They tried to set fire to them all and just get rid of them as quick as they could. There were scenes of this, not exactly the prisoners being set afire. It was interesting because the person starting off telling this man thought that this was an example, a perfect example of what human nature was really like. Hurry to get all these people slaughtered, sort of like they were bad sports about it or something. He thought it was funny and was laughing about it. I believe that in my dream I thought, "Well, I'm the one dreaming this and since I have caused this character to say this, I must feel this way, and why do I feel this way?" But then the dream went on how these prisoners were lined up on both sides of the river. Apparently they were going to set fire to them or something. Then they were going to throw them all in the river, which seemed sort of silly because then that would put the fire out. The allies were coming and there were two German soldiers and a policeman there. The policeman was sort of trying to help the allies, and the German soldiers were trying to get everything done. I was, took the part of the policeman, I got shot in the back by one of these German soldiers. So I, in the dream, knew that I was dead. I was sort of lying on my knees with my face down, and sort of swaying. So the German soldier said I must not really be dead, so he shot at me again, and it hurt for a second when he shot me, and then it didn't hurt any more, either of these. These 3 dogs came over and started licking at my face. If I'm dead, why should this bother me, but it did. But I thought, "I can't move to get rid of these dogs. Then he'll think I'm not dead." Then there were many confusing things. The allies came and took all the prisoners away in truckloads and helped them to hospitals and such. This place, this big hall that had been the Germans' quarters, was going to be made over for something for the Americans. We were discussing whether to retile the floor or not and how to retile it if we did.