My husband and I were in this subway station waiting for a train. I don't know what town it was because the locale varied considerably. Sometimes it was Boston, sometimes it was San Francisco, and sometimes it was my husband's hometown. We were in this very small waiting room sort of set up like a doctor's office that had been put down in a dark corridor that wasn't particularly well lighted. There were other people there waiting. The station manager or somebody kept telling us that when the train came that we all had to back up against the wall and be careful because these corridors were really too narrow. It was really a disgrace and the city was supposed to do something about it, but they hadn't. But if we didn't back up to the wall, just as close as we could get, we would be hit by the train. We couldn't stand in front of where the train would stop because we wouldn't be able to get past the engine which would be bigger than the rest of the train, if we did. I didn't understand how all these chairs and things could be sitting here in this waiting room because they would be right on the tracks but they were there. Finally, the train came and we all lined up against the wall and got on. I gave the man two dimes cause I thought it would be about 15 cents, but he said that wasn't enough. It was a quarter and that seemed like a lot of money to me, but he said that it really wasn't. So I and my husband took seats on the very front of the train outside of the engine compartment. Most of the time it was just me sitting there, and there was no place really to put my feet. There were ordinary train type or bus type seats there, but there was no place to put my feet because if I put them down there were sort of emergency brakes and so I had to sort of prop them on the cow catcher. I didn't like to do that very much because if we stopped, my feet might get hit against something, but we went on and we went in and out of tunnels for a while and then we were just on city streets. We didn't go back in any tunnels. I finally stopped and asked him if I could get back in the train itself because I didn't like being down on the front like that. So I came in and sat down and my husband was sitting down toward the front, and I sat down behind this boy that I really don't know at all, but he's in my French class. We were driving thru the city, thru all this complex traffic and all, and then we were sort of out of the city, very industrial sort of suburb in the outskirts of the city, and I was interested in it, all this stuff. Apparently it was a place that I had never been before, and I was just looking around to see the types of things that I could see. It was winter. The leaves were off the trees, and there were lots of pigeons roosting in the trees. In one place there were some. they looked like ducklings, but they were awfully large when I think about it. Maybe they were young geese or something because they were about the size of an adult duck, but they had this down on them. I and this boy and a couple of girls across the aisle were real interested in them. We were talking about them for a while. Then this boy started talking about somebody who raised bats in a cave around there in a little cave in his back yard. I was interested in this because we used to have a bat for a pet and so we started talking about this for a while, and he came back and sat beside me. We kept on talking and started talking about something very complex. He told me how he likes to take pictures of stage sets when a play was being presented and while the play was going on and analyze it in all these various ways. And I didn't quite understand what he was talking about, but I told him how we discussed different authors' use of space in my other French course and how we said how important it was in a novel or any work, like the old Gothic novels with their long corridors with these doors on either side and passages and all. we just kept going and going. We seemed to be on this thing for an awfully long time. We never stopped. At one point we were going thru this built-up commercialized suburb with these little restaurants and hotels and cleaners and so forth on either side. I looked over and there was something that looked like one of these big dragon places, dragon restaurant. And there was an airplane about 15 or 20 feet off the ground. A very strange looking airplane and it seemed to be obviously in trouble. It was just sort of flopping around and not seeming to be able to get anywhere. It was very quiet and for some reason even though we were driving past this, I could see it for a long time and finally the plane just sort of turned over on the ground. All this very quietly without any noise at all. I was very concerned about it, but nobody else seemed to be particularly concerned. Then we got out into more of a residential area, started stopping here and there. It was almost time for us to get off. "Us" was now me and this girlfriend, I believe a girlfriend named Janet whom I used to know a long time ago and who I went to high school with. We had one suitcase, so we got off, and we were going to go to wherever it was we were going. We started off this gravel path and up this hill and my girlfriend seemed to be sort of worried that it  was getting sort of late and we were sort of in this lonely place. She seemed to be a little worried for fear we would meet somebody or something. Then we went up this hill and we came over the crest of it and several boys came going in another direction. There was a little house at the top of the hill with a garden of some sort. Then we were definitely in my husband's hometown. This was some sort of a winter garden with very hardy crops. So we went thru it carefully and I was in this big field and I was barefooted, so I didn't much like to go thru this thing and I wanted my shoes, but they were in the suitcase and we couldn't stop to get them. We were going across the field and now it was my husband again, and we came to this back door of this house, and this apparently was his mother's house, but it didn't look anything like in the dream what her house looks like really. So we went in the back of the house and she came out the front after a while and she had my daughter and wanted to know where her pajamas were because our little girl was tired. That was about the end of the dream. There were several other things about it. One was during this long ride, I kept thinking was it really worth it because apparently we were going to have to take this trip every day. We were commuting from somewhere. It was about an hour there and an hour back on this little old train, and it didn't seem worth it to me. I didn't understand why we would be doing this exactly, but we were.