My sister and I were looking at pictures of various places, and making up songs about them and singing. And the first place was this little cottage set back in the woods, and there were some scenes. There was this scene of some prehistoric towns and there were all these dinosaurs walking around in it and the scene would become very vivid as you looked at it as though it were real, and all these things were alive. Then we came to a scene that had some animals and also had some wild buffaloes in particular. We sort of got into this scene somehow though we were still where we were, and started going up to the wild buffaloes, and they were huge animals, well they were buffalo-sized animals, and this one started chasing us. We had got it mad. We had been teasing it or something and so it was our fault, and we ran back to this house and tried closing the door. There were two doors and we kept teasing it and it got madder and madder, and we knew it could break down the door and come right on in and it was very dangerous. So we ran upstairs in this house which was turned out to be my parent's house, but was not very much like theirs in reality, and ran into my mother's bedroom and hid in her closet which was in the dream, a quite big room. We hid behind the clothes and we figured if the buffaloes came in and looked around, they couldn't see us, that it would finally go away. There were some other animals with it by this time, a wolf or something too. Mother came in and found out that we were hiding from this thing. She said we ought to stay in the closet and she was going to take care of it because she didn't have very much time to take care of it because she was going up to the mountains for the weekend. She wanted my husband and I to come along, but I said I couldn't because I had quizzes next week, which I do. That must have been this weekend I was dreaming about. We stayed there n the closet for a little while more, all sort of curled up in the corner. Finally I guess the buffalo had gone and we were able to leave.