The dream started with my walking around the house in which we lived in the dream with my daughter, so we were taking a walk around the block. This house was set on a long lot that sloped down from the far back of the lot down to the street in front. On the far back of the lot a street ran past and then beside the house, to the left of it as you face it, was a long driveway that reached from the back street to the front street. I was out walking my daughter around the house and when I got up to the top of the hill in the back, my husband called me to come back home, that he needed something or other in this sort of demanding voice. So I came. I left my daughter playing with something right there on the edge of the back lot and came in or down to the house and I don't remember exactly what he wanted. I don't know if he even said in the dream. We were inside. I believe I brought my daughter in and a whole troop of mothers and children came walking thru our back yard and I thought I didn't particularly want them to be there, so I closed the back door and locked it because I figured if we weren't out in the yard, they couldn't stay there. But one came right up to the door and knocked on it, so I asked what they wanted. She wanted to tell me that the people who are our next door neighbors in actually here in these apts., this Negro couple, had found people to keep their children while they were working. I said, well, I'm very glad, but I didn't care and why were they telling me. Then they announced that all these kids were going to play in our driveway and I didn't like the idea. there seemed to be just swarms of them. It looked like there were about 20 or 30 people altogether, and I thought my daughter was in the house. But I looked out and she was in the back yard and playing with something and this big girl came up to her and took it away from her. I went out and I think it was a big stick or something and I took it away from the big girl and threw it away and said we shouldn't play with things like that, and we should play nice or not play at all. Then the scene shifted and I was getting a collection of rocks together. I collect rocks. And I was going to take them down and give them to this lady in this little gift shop who sold rocks. So I took a little bag of them down and for some reason, I had painted them all. I said it was with fingernail polish, but it was some sort of sticky dark bluish greyish with some pink overtones in it, clay of some sort that I had dipped on my rock. I took them down and gave it to the lady. I put them in one of our teapots and so she took a pair of scissors and cut the teapot apart. And I was a little bit amazed that she could do this, but I believe they were a special sort of scissors and so she marked my name on the teapot and apparently she was going to appraise these rocks and pay me for them. And she was down in the basement of this building, which turned out to be a library, but at the present time it was a house and it was a house where I used to live in and I was with this boy, I guess about my age, and we both had books. We were going to some function, some celebrity or other was coming and we were going to see him. And this boy was also connected with some local television studio, the one on campus, and he was going to be helping to run the cameras and all. But at any rate, we were walking along on the same floor as this lady's little tiny shop was and we came to a room that had been my room, but was my sister's room now. But she wasn't there because she was in college and I said, "I haven't been in this room since I started school," meaning about 5 years or so. And so I went in and looked around, trying to find something familiar in it, and trying to feel a sort of sense of remembering all these events and things that you feel when you haven't been in a place for a long time, and it was my room, although in the dream it was nothing like it actually was, my room at home was. Actually it hasn't been that long since I've seen my room at home, but this was a very old-fashioned-looking room. It would remind me more of something that would be in my grandmother's house than anything in our house in my hometown. There were paintings and things on the wall and all of them were changed a little bit from what they were supposed to have been originally and it looked very nice, but it all looked very alien. In a couple of minutes we left and started up the stairs and we had several flights of stairs to go up. And this was also partly a library and I wanted to return about 4 or 5 books that I had before we went down and found our seats for this event. And the boy stopped to adjust a television camera where two flights of stairs went down with this great space between them, these curving type of stairs that meet after having gone down a flight and he was on the other side of these stairs, the other flight of stairs arranging this camera, and it looked very dangerous to me. He was arranging it right over the rail and there was this big drop below it, but finally he finished and we were going on up. The stairs were, we were almost up to the level of the library and the stairs were circular and the steps got very small and very strangely put together, very extremely slippery; they were marble, and I couldn't get up them. And I kept trying to and I dropped my books and they slipped quite a ways down. And the boy went down and retrieved them for me, and I think this dream, no we finally did get up to the top of the stairs, but it took a long time. It was awfully difficult, but we finally got up to the top and I was going to return my books and everything.