The dream concerned this little man who was evil and who had somebody that I liked in his power, and I was trying to fight with him, it seems like, and get him to release them or whatever. We were down in the basement of this house. There were a lot of tools around, and we were using screwdrivers and wrenches and various things in this fight because I guess I was trying to kill him. Finally it seemed I wasn't getting anywhere, and so I was going to go. Then he said, "If you really want to save this person, you really need some of my blood," and so as I was trying to kill him again, and I noticed something that I hadn't seen down there before was this sort of long, well I guess it was a machete, this knife with a big handle. It was about 3 feet long. So I picked that up and hit him with it on the foot. I really didn't expect it to do anything, but it seemed to be very sharp and then I cut him on the neck a couple of times and he fell down and was dead. Then I found some Kleenex that I was getting. There wasn't actually a whole lot of blood, but I was getting some on his Kleenex in order to save this person. The little man who I had killed then turned out to be my mother, and it was my sister who I was going to save. I wasn't at all upset that this was my mother that I had just killed. The only thing that worried me was that I was probably going to get caught. So I took this knife, which now turned out to be a saw, an ordinary carpenter's saw, and I took some Kleenex and sort of wiped over it, carefully trying to get any fingerprints there might have been off of it. Then I went on upstairs from this basement. The basement was quite a bit like the one in my husband's home in his hometown, but upstairs it was like our house in my hometown. My brother was in the kitchen with this big pile of laundry he was getting to go down in the basement with and I thought, "Well, when he gets down there, he's going to see mother lying down there dead." So I walked on thru the den or somewhere and there was mother. I was a little bit surprised, and she said she hadn't been feeling too well lately. She had some sort of an allergy or rash on her throat. I thought, "Well then that's awfully strange. Maybe there's two of them and I just killed the one." I was neither glad nor sorry to see that she was still there. But anyhow, I went up to where my sister was and she was in bed and took these Kleenex out to put on her. These were supposed to cure her. I don't know what sort of disease she had, but it made all these small sores on her and so I put one of these Kleenex on her breast and one on her head. It seemed to be helping her a lot and making her feel a lot better.