I had started off I was reading this comic book and watching this cartoon, and it had all these little children playing on the swings and a couple of the children, Chinese-American or something, came up to the little children and wanted to play with them. The kids were chasing these little children away and wouldn't let them play, and I didn't think that was fair and so it became a real scene. I went with one of these little children, or maybe a couple of them, over to the -- all these children's swings were on trees, and I went over to this tree not too far from where they were playing where these tree crabs live. And these didn't look like any ordinary crabs because they had only four legs instead of -- how many do they have -- 12? They didn't have any real big claws on them, but we were trying to chase this big one to these other trees, and it wasn't very easy because it would keep scrambling up trees that we would pass and we kept getting them down. And finally it scuttled up to this hollow place, and scuttled way back inside of that, but there were a lot of baby crabs on this tree. So we got a small one and finally got it over to the playground where the kids were and let it go and trying to make it go up the tree because we sort of wanted it to bother the kids because they hadn't been nice. It didn't seem to bother them particularly. The scene shifted then and I was in this office-type building where it was late on a Sunday afternoon and all these girls working in there were dressed rather nicely. They had had to come in for extra work for some reason, something say like a hospital where people would have to work all the time, even though most people wouldn't be working on that day. I was sitting there waiting for somebody or something, and sitting in this small office I picked up this big catalog, complete book binding catalog, and when I opened it, it had sample books and different ways of binding them that this place would bind them for you. But I didn't look at it too long because in my dream I had seen it somewhere before. Then the scene was confused, but it shifted to our apartment and we were having my French instructor, Dr. Anderson, a man in his 50's, over and I don't know how I had done this, but he was over and we were talking to him. Then we had somebody else over too, but I can't remember who it was. But we all sort of drifted apart and we didn't have anything to say to each other. My husband and this other person, boy, said they were sleepy and were going off into the bedroom and take a little nap. I was terribly embarrassed that I had invited this professor over who I think is very brilliant, to just leave him there. Finally we all did get back out into the living room and couldn't think of very much to say. My parents and my little 10-year-old brother came in, and they all sat down and I thought, My goodness, they won't have anything in common with him." And so it was all very embarrassing and everything.