I was up where I used to work in the Biology Dept., only it wasn't quite set up the way it was when I worked there. I was going up there to study, and I had some books with me, and I had an office up there, an office which had been checked out to me by the technician for the whole Biology Dept., Mrs. Wood, whom I like very much. This little office, it seems as though my husband was going to come in and join me later because I had some of his stuff too, including a very strange alarm clock with a very loud tick. And I went into this very small little room with a bed in it with just a mattress. It didn't have any sheets or anything and a chair or two, I think, nothing else in particular -- no books or anything. I was just getting settled when the door opened and these three boys came in dragging chairs after them just as if they owned the place. They said they were going to be studying for a quiz and I told them that this was my office, but they didn't seem at all inclined to get out. And I didn't know exactly what to do about them because even though it was my office, I felt like I didn't have a real clear right to it, and I didn't know if these boys were medical students or not and they might have just as much right to it as I did. Then nothing was very clearly resolved. That part of the dream got pretty muddled. The next part of the dream that I can remember, I can't remember very clearly, was a sort of confused thing. It was as if I were reading a story about this thing and then got involved in it. It was about a captain of a boat, a small boat in the south seas somewhere and his partner and these two ladies that they were taking with them somewhere who were passengers on their boat. The captain and his mate had gone ashore in a little rowboat to get the mail, and the captain noticed as they were getting ready to go back again that these two ladies were talking to the natives that ran the boat, this little steamer, and seemed to be planning something. The captain and the mate decided that they weren't really giving anything to these ladies to do and were sort of bored and everything, and they were thinking how they could fix this up. All these people -- the captain and the mate were some -- no, the captain was about in his late 50's, although he didn't look it at all. He looked much younger. The mate was in his 30's and these ladies were sort of indeterminate age. They were somewhere in their 40's, I believe. Anyway, they headed back in the rowboat for the steamer and the captain felt very old and tired and didn't want to go on any more. He thought how peaceful it would be just to quit everything and just to drift away, and when they got back to the boat, to the steamer, they couldn't get on it. In the first place, it had turned into an automobile, just sitting there in the water somehow, and whey they tried to get on it, they finally did get on it, onto the top of the automobile, and which started spinning around and doing all these fantastic gyrations in the water for no visible reason. It just did this, spinning around at these real terrific speeds, and one of the ladies lost her foot. The automobile would rock back and forth, from side to side, and her foot got caught under it and went floating off. The captain was much distressed and said, "Heck, we'll have to stop and retrieve that foot somehow, and maybe we can do something for you." The ladies went into gales of laughter because it wasn't a real foot at all. It was a wooden one.