The dream started off in sort of an ancient Greek stage, probably because I was reading some Greek drama last night. It seemed that when someone died that there was this huge massive tunnel under the, where apparently the spirit went and certain people who had been Christian? in life could follow them a certain way thru this maze and, for instance, it was very much made a point of that the nurse could follow it a short way and if this had been a man in white, the white could follow it the furthest of all. And for this purpose one had keys, small little keys with a certain number on them and these numbers could be from one to ten and they corresponded to the numbers of the tunnels and labyrinths in the maze. The nurse would get one key and the wife would get three. Now apparently in this dream my husband had died, although I wasn't exactly myself, so my husband wouldn't be exactly the man I'm married to. But I got three keys and the nurse got a key which was numbered 7 and I got one with numbers 3, 7, and 10. So I went out, first I went down, these were wooden and were ruins in the start of this tunnel bit. I went down thru the nurse's door, which was an ordinary door, and I looked around there for a few minutes. It was old and dusty and it was closed up. It was like an attic or something. I went back up and there was a little door on the side of the wall here which was, I had a key for, but it was a small door and I had to get down on my hands and knees to get thru and I didn't much like it. It gave me sort of claustrophobia, but I did. I was very much worried about losing the keys in the cracks in the floor, and I thought if I drop these keys, there were very small, very thin, if they slip thru the cracks, then I won't have any way to get back because you're supposed to lock the doors behind you when you went thru them. So I held on to them very tightly. I was in another room, this shut-up looking room, which was like the one I had been in before in the nurse's part of the tunnel, and there was another small door leading out of it on the other side, so I decided to go out of it and I did. Then this is a little vague in my mind, but I think I was wandering around in a tunnel or a level or whatever it was, and this maze was completely fantastic. It's beyond words to describe the thing because tunnels and tunnels and tunnels intersected each other and it might be any from one thru ten. I guess in actual practice most of them seemed to be numbered with the keys I had and there was marked with the numbers right into each of these, and you could just wander forever. You would never get to the end of these things and it first seemed they were all closed in tunnels, and then I decided to stop traveling. So I took the opportunity to get out onto this 7 and then I was outside on this ramp and all these ramps were painted gray with different levels. There were stairs going up and down, usually very short ones. Even though they were steps, they didn't look like ordinary flights of stairs, but anyway I was outside and I was sort of glad to be outside. It was fairly pretty. All of these were off the ground. There were none of them that were right on the ground, but there were no rails on either side of the thing. It gave the appearance of being close to the ground because there were trees and things or bushes and vines and things around it. As I went along this ramp or whatever you want to call it, I came to a place where there was a room and there was a big picture window in it, and I could see somebody sitting inside it. I passed thru other places, but they had all been empty. They were all furnished. They weren't this attic type room that I had first been in, but they were empty. But this one had somebody sitting in it and it was this Negro man about 40 or so studying, and he has a sort of evil look about him. I went around and I pounded at the door. When he opened the door, I asked him something. I think I asked him if he knew where somebody was or if  he had seen them or something, but he hadn't, so I went on and I was still outside and it got more and more lovely. It was sort of an Alice in Wonderland type of scene. What I mean by this is a Walt Disney Alice in Wonderland with all these flowers growing up around on either side of this ramp, all very lush and pretty. Sort of unusual flowers too. They didn't have quite a real look about them. So I came to another room which had this boy sitting in it and the boy was about 14 and he was reading something. I knocked on the door and he came to it and let me in and for some reason I was very happy to see him. I never saw him before that I know of, but I was sort of attracted by him. I wanted to kiss him, but he pushed me away and said no because his parents were in the next room. And I thought this was very unusual because I thought most people didn't get here all in one group. It really did seem to be in the underworld or after death and I wondered how he and his parents could have all gotten here at the same time and all be in the same place. His parents were very, very old. They were white-haired and they were both tall and thin, and they were just sitting in the next room on straight back chairs with their hands folded, not looking exactly dead like, but like they might have been in their 70's. It seemed the boy didn't say anything, his parents didn't say anything, but it seems that I understood or knew somehow that this boy had killed somebody or was some sort of psychotic and had been sent here and his parents had come as guardians to be sure he didn't do anything like this again, although who he was planning to kill, I'm not sure since it seemed to be the world of the dead. And even though these people are flesh and blood and quite alive, and yet they were dead in some way. I wasn't. I was, I had gotten down here sort of free or something, but at any rate I don't know exactly what happened. But all of a sudden I knew that this boy was dangerous and he was going to try to kill me or something. He had a knife and this piece of wood about a foot and a half long or so, and I had a piece of wood too. I don't know where I had found it, but it wasn't as long as his and he was trying to hit me with this piece of wood. I was trying to fight him off, but I knew that I wouldn't be too successful because his was longer than mine. So we started running thru all these lovely ramps and walkways thru all these pass ways, these rooms, around, upstairs and so forth in this long flight. Even though we were both running very fast, neither one of us seemed to get tired, and I wasn't really particularly scared. But I just wanted to get away from him. Something or somehow another I got his knife away from him. It was one of these, like a Boy Scout knife or some pocket knife, and I decided I would just get rid of him. And so I sort of stabbed him in his chest, but not very hard, cause I really couldn't, and I was going to make him jump off the ramp and just, well, it wasn't that far down to the ground, but at least I would get rid of him because he wouldn't be able to get back on it. So I kept threatening him with it and telling him to jump over the edge, but he wouldn't do it, and so finally, even though I had this knife, I started running away from him again. This time I was trying to get rid of him and remembered my keys and knew I could get rid of him by going into the doors numbered this, but I didn't know what keys he might have and I didn't know if he could follow me or not. I had this feeling he wouldn't be able to, but still to stop long enough to open the door and then lock it again, he would catch up with me. So I was running and running and we ran up, finally we came to where, in fact, the ramp did run right along the ground and there was a big plain, flat and just with grass on it. This ramp or walkway now you might call it was a big building which was a school and so we ran there. I was, of course, running away from him and I tried to lose myself in the mazes of this school some way. But even though I ran inside the building and started running down the stairs, he could easily spot me because all the girls in the school had these white lab coats and I didn't. I just had ordinary clothes, sort of dark clothes, and so I ran down some flights of stairs with him running after me, and I got down to the place where all these Negro janitors were going home and they were all lined up. There was this immense number of them and they were just all lined up in a row, and they had the same outfits. There was something strange about them because they were all so much alike, but then I knew they'd be going down into the tunnel and it would be different from the ones we ordinarily used, and so I knew if I got in there with them, this other person wouldn't' suspect where I was, so I did get in and the door was closed behind me and I was safe. Then the scene shifted to a larger view. I believe there was a P.A. system and an announcement was made over it that this girl had just reached the gift shop. And I think it was called the Shop of Mercy and Hate on the 3rd level, and that, therefore, she was free and this girl was me. When you got to this shop apparently, whatever it was, you had your choice between these two things, and if you picked the right one, you would be able to go. If you were dead when you reached this and you wanted to, you would be able to get back to the living world again. Even though I wasn't dead, but this also I was going to get. So the boy was sort of upset that he had missed out on this, and so he went up around the ramps and walkways till he got close to where the gift shop was supposed to be, and there the girl came out and she was thinking, well, even though this boy had been chasing her and she hadn't liked it, that if she saw him she would be merciful to him. And she was walking along with this person, whether it was a man or woman, I don't know, all dressed in white, some sort of angel, I guess, a very superior being. There was a shelf over the door and I believe it was the door to the gift shop that had all these cheeses sitting on it and most of these were, I forget the name of them, the kind that are wrapped in wax and some of them weren't. And apparently it had rained because some of them were soggy looking, but I was sort of back with this girl now and had a package of cheese, and it wasn't quite the same kind, but it was unusual cheese. And I don't think I ever saw one exactly like it because it had a lot of holes in it like Swiss cheese, and it was sliced very thin and it had sort of a reddish something, coloration, some fluid. Well, this boy was walking along behind us and I had this cheese, and so I stopped and asked him if he wanted some. I don't know, but anyway he did, and so I and this angel character and this boy all stood around and ate several slices of cheese and bread and apparently I was going off to the airport or something to be taken back to where I was supposed to be, and this is where I and the angel were headed to, the airport. Right then we were just standing there eating this cheese and that was about the end of the dream.