There was a big battle taking place between two countries. I imagine it was the U.S. and Russia and I was on the U.S. side and then the U.S. side was located on this side of this great big mountain, the other side being down below us, on this very steep side of the mountain, not quite a straight down cliff, but very steep. There they were on this flat plain and where we were was a fairly flat plain too just that we were that much higher. In this was neither side had a great concentration of soldiers. There was no thought of using nuclear weapons or anything like this and I and this general who might have been my husband were the main leaders on our side and this king and queen were supposed to be the leaders on the other side and they were very sweet and gentle people, but their main military commander was a very ruthless person. He was just an evil person and took delight in killing everybody, and he was enjoying this war. We were enjoying it too and as a matter of fact, everyone would have enjoyed it if it hadn't been for this one general and he was too serious about it. Apparently the things we were doing weren't damaging anybody except for the things he was doing. He was not only ruthless, he was also invincible, more invincible than most people because he wore this heavy armor or something. It seems this is all sort of background. When it started, the general on our side had left his staff car part down near where the king and queen were on the other side. He had gone down there to talk with him or something. I asked, "Well, how are we doing for ammunition. Do we have enough seeds?" And apparently we were shooting seeds at people. It was about the size of bird seed. I can't imagine how that would hurt anybody, but that's what we were using and he said, "Well, we still have plenty of that and I left a big sack of it down behind the staff car." Then I asked, "Well, how about bullets?" and we had plenty of those too. I was worried about his leaving the ammunition down there because if somebody found it, they would take it. Sure enough, we looked down and the staff car wasn't there anymore, and I knew it had been this wicked general who had taken it. So we got some very high-powered rifles and went over to the edge of the mountain and looked down and we saw that the general had taken the staff car and turned it into a staff motorboat because it still had this official black look to it, but it was now a boat and he was standing beside it and we knew he had the seeds inside the motorboat. So we shouted at him or something and showed him that we were going to shoot at him. He acted as if he didn't care. He walked a little ways back from the boat. He just stood there sort of waiting for us. Then a very curious thing happened to him, and he walked away and sort of left a shell of himself standing there, but we shot at that and it collapsed into a big heap of clothing. But anyway, he was gone away from the boat and we went down and got the seeds. I suggested that we shoot a hole in the bottom of the boat so he couldn't use it, but I don't remember if we did or not. We went back up at the top and I decided that we really had to shoot this general because the king and queen were really gentle people. We wouldn't mind fighting a war with them because they were right nice, but this general was too mean and we were just going to have to get rid of him. It was a very strange war because I don't think we were actually trying to kill anybody and killing the general was sort of an unheard of thing, even though it was war. So I think we were trying to do this when that dream ended.