I was talking to this girl who is about 30 and from Argentina in Comparative Literature, and somebody else who I didn't know in my dream and I don't know. We were talking about a variety of things. One of them was about this weird practice with graduate students which both of these girls were, had to, it was sort of voluntary, they didn't have to do it, when they would go out into this big parking lot, the bell tower parking lot behind campus and one of the instructors would be there, and it wouldn't be their advisor, although one of the older men in the department. And for this person they would sit down right there and write an essay on some subject. Then this would be graded and it would be rather an important part of their graduate career. But they were saying to made everybody shy away from choosing this rather than whatever else they could choose. It was like no one ever got a good grade on these things, and it seemed rather strange because none of the instructors ever seemed to take into account that you were writing it there right in front of him, not at home polishing it, and that you didn't have a typewriter with you and so you had to write with a pen instead of being able to type it neatly. The girl from Argentina was going to do one and she had a rather strange topic. It was on the sexual customs of the Ecuadorian husband. And she had written quite a bit about it and was going to use it for a topic, but she had been discouraged by somebody - not either of us, I don't believe - from using it and so we were trying to suggest how she might modify it somehow. Since she was in Comparative Literature, she might give a comparative study of husbands in different countries. When we were sitting there, it had got dark and it was night, in the middle of the night, a very dark night with hundreds and hundreds of stars and a few little clouds in the sky. This other girl and I started talking about the bear gods of Siberia. I had a class in just a few minutes. It was the middle of the night, but it was also about a quarter to twelve and I had a twelve o'clock class. Then I was very intrigued and fascinated by this and I was talking about initiation rites and all the rituals and everything. I was so intrigued by this that I thought perhaps in a past life I had been in one of these tribes or something and participated in this ritual.