This dream seems to be one immensely long dream composed of all these different episodes very thinly tied together. The first episode concerned my taking a walk here in this student housing and I was quite a few blocks away from home when I saw these two children of a close neighbor of mine, Judy, playing in the street. The youngest of these children is only 14 months old. It always seems strange to me that she lets these children wander around without watching them and here they were. Then someone used to be a neighbor of ours, Meredith, was out walking and so we started walking together and I was telling her how I thought it was strange that Judy would let her children do this. So we walked back. I was talking somewhat genially which is strange because I didn't particularly care for this woman. When I got back home, I got involved in looking at all these deeds. It seems that the town has put up all these lots for auction, of lots that hadn't had their taxes paid on them. Somehow or another my husband and I had gotten one of these lots. It was number 70-11. It was way out in a national park, right beside a lake. It was a little lot right on a lake. We had gotten it and there were all these nice logs that were cut down on it which were ours too which we could use to have a cabin built for us. So this was very nice. We were out there looking over our lot and as we were, there seemed to be a cabin on it. At first there was just some furniture left there by the rangers for whoever used the site and then it was a cabin and I was looking thru some drawers and found these comic books and things. So I was looking thru them to see what kind of comic books they were. There was one comic book that was very strange. It had a picture on the cover of this woman with these tiny thin-boned arms, although the rest of her wasn't particularly thin, and a very strange sort of person. What she was, was a vampire that fed on energy and life. I'm not exactly sure what she did, but when she touched a person, they would just sort of disintegrate or something like that. So she captured this one little girl and she was going to feed her certain pills and turn her into this same sort of thing. Incidentally, after looking at the cover, the story sort of started unfolding in front of me, and I wasn't reading the story. The little girl got away from her. Then some person, an Indian, an American Indian, came up and knew how to stop this woman with certain magic powers that he or she had. So he did and then he decided he would become the same kind of thing and cause other people to also. So then this went on till apparently everybody in the world had been turned into this type of thing and everything was trying to devour everything else for the energy in it, even the buildings and the earth. Then he and his two accomplices decided that this had gone far enough and it was time to change everything back. They were in this bleak landscape. They were the only three persons left because everybody else had been devoured. So they stood on the edge of this building and raised their arms over the bleak countryside and started doing whatever it was that they did. First it seemed like nothing was going to happen. It had gone too far for them to reverse it. Then these ghosts appeared, little wispy will-o-the-wisp ghosts, people who had been in this state who had been devoured. He called all these ghosts up, all these haggard, worn-looking ghosts with these sunken faces and circles under their eyes, told them to return to their original forms, so they all did and became young and happy again. They could also help to change others back. All these immense swarms of ghosts were coming up, all these people who wanted to devour others in this way, and so they were chasing them back. Their leaders were going to go over to Europe and everywhere and change all the people there back and everything was going to be like it was before. Then there was another episode that concerned a boy that I read for and I was going to read for him and another one of his readers - I don't know whether there actually is such a person, named Nancy - was there. Al and she were talking about plowing fields, sowing seeds and so forth, a symbol for man's having intercourse and having children and so forth. It seemed to embarrass this girl and she got up and left when they started talking about it, so I sat down and we started talking about it for a little while. Then he started putting his arm around me and things and I wasn't particularly upset by this except for the fact that we were in this public place and all these people might see us. So I was trying to get him to stop and I wasn't having a whole lot of success because he seemed to be very single-minded in his approach. But finally I did get him to stop. I went to the ladies room and then I came back.