The first part of this dream is indistinct, but then I remember that I and a group of people were in front of this tunnel carved into the side of this mountain. A small tunnel, just say 3 or 4 feet high, which led back into the mountain. And a little tiny railroad car of some sort was supposed to go back there. There was also a little wire that ran overhead. And we were going into the mountain, a sort of a sight-seeing tour because there were several things of interest inside it that we would want to see. So we all got into these little baskets which were suspended from this wire that ran along the ceiling, and were carried along, and stopped at one or two places that I don't quite remember. And then we were going to see the zoology and chemistry sections. And we asked this woman how to get there. And she was busy, but finally she opened this door which showed this steep, narrow flight of stairs leading downward, and said that we would go this way. So we started down the stairs, and I was in the lead, and there were innumerable flights of stairs, one after another, going down into this mountain. And we started going faster and faster, and sort of swinging along and jumping over the stairs and going farther and farther down. And finally we came to a level where there was a zoology lab section which was just finishing up. And so we decided we'd ask these people exactly where the exhibits or whatever were. And so we went into the lab. There were people putting up the animals they were dissecting, which were some rather strange sorts of animals. It wasn't a fetal pig, but I guess it was closer to that than to anything. And when we told the instructor what we were looking for, he asked one of the students to show us the dissection he had been doing. And so he opened up this animal, and all the parts inside were just, they had been, it seemed they had been detached and weren't in their proper places, and were just floating around. It really didn't look like what you would see inside an animal at all, and we were talking about this and discussing it, and that's all I remember of the dream.