I was taking some course in chemistry, some sort of quantitative course, and was in the lab trying to perform some sort of experiment. This went on for quite a while with some of the details of the apparatus and everything and what I was doing, and then the scene shifted somehow and I was upstairs in this house. Somebody was with me, and from coming up the stairs was this other person, also known to the person who was with me, and this person's assistant. They were trying to get, there was some sort of gate at the top of the stairs, and they were trying to get over the gate to get to me, and I was trying to get them back. The person who was with me wouldn't have anything to do about it, although he was a friend of the other two men. The leading man was sometimes my husband, I believe. The other person wasn't posing a real threat to me because he was stupid. The two people who were attacking me were monks belonging to some order or another, and if they got me, then I was going to have to join their monastery. The leading one had a knife and a hammer, a primitive knife and hammer, the hammer being the sort of thing you would beat on a tom-tom with. I would fight them off, and it was just a series of repeated incidents in which they would come up the stairs and I would knock them back down the stairs or throw them over the railings or something, but nothing seemed to faze them at all. So finally I just left. I decided this was never going to do and they would eventually get me here, so I climbed out the window. I was about on the second or third story, but I didn't seem to have too much trouble getting down. I started running just as fast as I could and I had to keep climbing over these walls and climbing down them, all of them very high walls, but not seeming to bother me too much. I was running faster than anyone could possibly run, but I knew without looking that these people were right behind me. I finally got down to the woods and here I decided I could hide. I sort of hid under these bushes. Two men looking for me walked right past very close to me, and I thought they would go away, but then they turned back and found me.