Then I had this dream that just started right in the middle of its action. It was WW III and everybody had gone frantic and was dropping bombs on everybody else, and there'd been already so many bombs dropped that everybody practically was going to be killed. So that Russia and the Untied States decided just to finish everybody off completely, that they might as well. So they were going to, the U.S. was announcing over its radio that tomorrow they were going to drop 500 trillion, well, the equivalent of 500 trillion tons of TNT on Russia and finish them off, and the Russians would probably do the same to us. And so everybody was in their little fallout shelter, and just sort of waiting for the end. And it was very strange, the way in which things were, because I could sort of observe all these large sections of the country. And then this person, this man that used to be our next door neighbor, Sergio, was talking about how there used to be huge herds of cattle out here on the Texas plains, and the rolling farmland that used to be around and everything. And then I was somewhere out West in this little shelter community. And everybody had their own little shelter, and they were just about the size of houses. And it was one of the most peaceful places to be the last few days just waiting for the end of everything, because there weren't any riots or anything going on like there were most places when people knew they were going to die in just a few days. Except there were some young teenage boys that were going around looting places, for some reason, and they had come toward our little community. And I was out talking to somebody when I was far down the hill, some sort of disturbance going on. And so I grabbed up my children and ran back toward the shelter. And to get in it, you -- well, there were various ways -- it started off being something very complicated about climbing up this ladder to the top of a window and climbing down to the other side and pulling the ladder back up and the window back up. And then it turned into being a sort of sloping ramp that led up to these sliding cedar doors. And so we ran in, and then there were several people that didn't belong to our shelter that were out on the ramp. And these, not too far away this group of teenage boys was coming, and one of them, one of the people that was on our ramp was one of the teenage boys that had been hurt or something. And so we debated for just a minute or so whether to bring these people in, especially the teenage boy, whether he deserved to be brought in. But finally we did bring them in. Some were children and people, and were trying to close the doors of the shelter just as these boys were coming up the ramp. And the doors were very flimsy now, so that these boys could get in real easily. But they just let one person try to break the doors down. So we got a shovel and I hit this boy just enough to make him stop fooling with the door. And so they didn't all try to rush it together or anything; they just went off. And our little hoodlum friend, the one we had brought in, was sort of impressed by the fact that we didn't try to kill anybody and we had brought him in. But then he ran off and went off to join his companions. When I woke up and I was thinking about it, I sort of went back to sleep, and was listening to this radio announcer talking about the weather for the next day, when all these bombs had been dropped. and the moon, it seems, was green, and strange things were done to the colors of the sky and everything, because of all this energy let loose by something, so that different things would take on these unusual colors, especially the sky and the clouds. And this was sort of nice, and some sort of compensation for the fact that we were all going to be killed. There wasn't any particular sense of doom or fear about the dream. It was just sort of an impersonal account. As a matter of fact, I think I wondered in the first part of the dream why there wasn't more sobbing and wailing going on.