I was telling these other couple of girls about my experiences spending a night in a hotel room with a traveling salesman, and how he slept and I tried to sleep, but he snored all night; and how the next night I wished that he wouldn't snore and he didn't because he stayed awake and kept making passes at me. These girls were sort of horrified and I was telling them some things about it, and they were telling me that sometimes in these hotel rooms they had thee TV cameras hooked up to the rooms and might put you on a program without you knowing about it. I didn't tell them anything more, but in actuality I hadn't slept with this man and I also knew I was going to have a baby by him. It was the next morning and I was going into this little grocery store to buy something before I started on my trip to somewhere or another. I bought a big bottle of grape soda and something else, something sort of strange, and went outside and met somebody there I used to know when I worked up in the Biology Dept., this woman in her middle 30's. And she said, "You know, I saw this television program last night and saw this girl and this man in this hotel room and it stopped just at the most interest point." I said, "Well, did she go to bed with him?" and she said, "Well, it didn't show that," and I said, "Well, what do you think?" and she didn't say much. So I knew that she knew that it was me, but I didn't seem particularly concerned about it and we were standing on a corner and she was going to cross the street one way and I was going to cross it another way. So I just waved bye-bye to her and stepped out into the street. And I stepped out against the light and it was this big street in this big city and there was a lot of traffic on it. All of a sudden there were these huge trucks rushing towards me and I thought I was going to be killed, but I managed to avoid them and get over to the other side and I was pretty upset for having done this and for almost having gotten killed. So I thought maybe I was more concerned about what she had said than what I thought. Now the town that I was in was my hometown and this is a section of my hometown that occurs over and over again in my dreams. It's one long block down from the center of town, and it's a block that in actuality has nothing of the kind that I find in my dreams because it has office buildings and men's shops, a theater, but in my dreams it always has clothing stores on it and a couple of doors from the corner it has a little bakery. So I decided that since I almost had just been killed, I would stroll down the street a little to regain my equilibrium. I would shop around and look in some of the stores at their maternity clothes, and I would go down to this little bakery and get myself a chocolate éclair. So I walked along and the first stores that I came to had been changed. The first one was this exclusive shop for Negroes and had these Negro mannequins in the windows, then there was a small shop that said Creole Shop on it. I was intrigued by both of these, but I figured I had better not go in them. Then I came to where the bakery had been, and there was a new store there. And this store -- I can't imagine what they really sold -- but they were dazzling white. All their clothes and everything were dazzling white and they had all these models around in white outfits. And the bakery had been moved to sort of in back of this store, so I went back there and there it was, very small and the two girls who ran it, one white girl and one big Negro girl whom I knew from my dreams before. And so I asked them for a chocolate éclair and some cookies and they were very happy that they had a customer because apparently in this place in the store they didn't get very many. So I paid for it and walked back out.