I was at this party being given by some people I had known in high school, some twins Jerry and Lennie and other people who were in that crowd, and there was a boy there who I didn't know who seemed to be aggressive sexually and I don't know how he did it, but he had gotten one of my bra straps off and I was working with it and trying not to let anybody see that I was fooling with it because I didn't want anybody else to know that this had happened. At the same time I was sort of attracted by this boy and I didn't much mind that he had done it, but finally I went into the bathroom to fool with it and there were some very complicated pieces of machinery connected with this bra strap and how to put it back. The central part of it was missing and it was out in the room and I didn't see how I could go back out there with all these people and go back out there and find it. So I finally fixed it the best I could. This restroom had two doors, one of the opened to where this party was and the other opened to where these sort of Mexican-looking people were and then it turned out that I and several other girls were going to take part in a revolution to win Cuba back and we were going down there to fight. All we had to do was to go thru this door and we would be there, so we went thru the door and there wasn't too much fighting going on. We were wandering around the stores and looking at various things. Then this one girl and I, this girl who looked like Olivia, the Argentine graduate student, looked out the window and there were thousands and thousands of airplanes and we heard this roar and there were thousands of airplanes. They were way up in the sky so they were small, and at first we thought they were going to drop bombs, but they were dropping leaflets and some of them had these Nazi emblems on them. And when we noticed that, we looked around and there were all these soldiers in uniform and rifles standing around, standing around everybody and looking at everybody, and they took us and about 20 other people and herded us into this corner and lined up in front of were these machine guns. And they were going to shoot us and they were against both the US and the Russians and we didn't know why they were shooting us. And some French soldiers came down trying to rescue us, but they shot some bullets at them and they went back and they came back in a little while, the French did, with all these gas tanks which they had lighted and shoved into this room where we and all the soldiers were. So pretty soon I wasn't in it any more, all the innocent ones and the Nazis were killed, and then there was this huge, terrific battle and it was very terrible and our side seemed to be winning. And at the very last I had this book in my hands, this big paperback red-bound book saying that the side that won the revolution and I guess I was getting ready to open it, although I was pretty sure our side had won, when I woke up. It was a very frightening dream.