Another dream I had concerned this young boy who was being held at this movie theatre because he had killed several people there, supposedly. And this was about a 14-year-old boy. And he had some connection with this girl I used to know in my hometown, Mary Lee, who spent quite a bit of time in mental hospitals at various times. And it seems that she had dated this boy or something. But at any rate, when I learned that this boy was being held, I went down to the theatre and I told the people at the box office to let the boy go because I knew who the murderer really was. And I told her that it was this girl, and I had some, not really proof for it, but I knew that it had been her and not this boy. For one thing, she was very strong and she was capable of getting into violent rages and everything. And so I was allowed to go inside the theatre where this sort of psychiatric hospital was set up, or at least this office for one, with all these records and all of these people sitting around this big counter, this square counter, with all these records in these boxes. And I happened to be reading one box, and there was something in there about this girl. It was part of her psychiatric record or something, how she had liked to imitate somebody who was this famous murderer. And how she could do it perfectly, or how she thought she could. And the head psychiatrist, who was sort of stupid, I tried to tell him of my suspicions. And he was letting this girl go thru all these boxes of records, and hers weren't just kept in one box; they might be scattered anywhere. And I knew the reason was she was trying to get rid of all this incriminating evidence against her. And I thought the guy was awfully stupid to let her go thru these, but I took out this one thing that she apparently hadn't come to yet, and gave it to someone and told them to hide it somewhere and not let anybody get it, cause this would be evidence against her. And then pretty soon the young boy came out; they were going to let him go with me. And he was dressed in this real ridiculous fashion. He was carrying this sort of toy rifle in this yellow plastic case, and brandishing it around and trying to look fierce. But he looked real silly. And he went out to the car where his father was waiting, a little Fiat, and then he -- I'm not exactly sure what he did -- but I thought I'd go out and talk to his father since I'd been the one who had gotten his son released. And I got into the car with him and we started going somewhere. I think his father lived on a farm or something. And so I was talking to him and comforting him, and we were driving down this very fine highway, and all of a sudden, when we turned a curve, the highway had disintegrated into this, it was just red mud. And so we slowed down real quick and stopped. And it seemed very strange that the highway should have done this all at once. And so we walked back and looked, and sure enough, the highway had curved the other way. So we were trying to get the car back up to the road to get on it. And then the man's son came, and started saying something about he hadn't, we should have done something because these newsmen were slandering him.