I dreamed that I and this man, whom I believe was my husband, were walking thru a series of five corridors. And these corridors were fairly long and narrow. And the walls on either side of them were quite high, I would say at least 15 or 20 feet. And altho there didn't seem to be a roof over these, they were quite dark inside. These were corridors where I had been before, but I hadn't visited in quite a long time. And the floor was dusty, and there was a lot of litter of leaves of strawberry plants and pieces of strawberry plants on the floor, as well as bowls which had had strawberries eaten from them. And we were both barefooted. And as we walked from one corridor to another, you couldn't see, it wasn't a straight line, each corridor was on a little bit lower level than the other, and apparently at some angle to it, so that you couldn't see thru the end door into the next one until you were there. And I made the man walk ahead of me, I was a little bit afraid because there was some danger that there might be snakes lurking among these strawberry leaves. Also strawberry leaves were symbols of the male organ, and I was supposed to give one of these to somebody. We walked thru the five corridors and came into the hall of this building, which was also long and narrow, and had a door on the farther end, and several doors on each side. And there was also an elevator there that we were going to take to somewhere, but this Negro man was guarding it and wouldn't let us take it. So we walked out a side door on the right into this little semi-enclosed courtyard that was roughly triangular in shape. And to get back out of this place, all the exits were guarded, and my husband, or whoever it was that was with me, would have to get past one of these guards without being seen. And this was sort of a game. If he did, we would be free to leave; if he didn't, he would be sent back and have to try again. And so he could either try going back in the building, or the only other way out was, there was this pool, a sort of a semicircular man-made pool at right angles to the building, which was guarded by a couple of boys I had known in high school, twins, I believe. And if you could get thru this pool and get over the little wall on the other side of it, the circular part of it was toward the outside. Then, before these boys saw you - and they weren't paying a whole lot of attention to the pool, they weren't just staring at it - then we would be able to go. And so he was going to try this, my husband was, eventually, when he saw a good opportunity. And that was about the end of that dream. Although you couldn't see from one corridor into another, the impression is still that they were in a straight line, that there was just something funny about the doors from one into the other. And even though you got the impression of going down, from one to the other, it also seemed that they were really on a level, and on a level with the hall, even though there was the impression of going down, and that it got darker as you went from one to another.