I dreamed I was sort of reenacting this scene, or was going to reenact this scene, in this obstacle course of Dr. No that John Dunne was telling us about the other day. And I was following him along to where the course would start, and we were going, we were going up the stairs to the library, and starting to go down, when I suddenly realized that I could at least make an attempt to get away in this crowd. And so I started running back away from him, and past this merry-go-round with all these children playing on it and into the building itself, which was now more like a store, with much fewer people here. And I ran and dodged around for a while, and finally I asked this colored man who I thought I knew and had seen before to please help me to hide me somewhere. So he pointed to this little dressing room, which was dark inside. And I went inside, and the minute I was inside, I regretted it before I could even see, and when the door started closing, there, behind it, was Francis Layne, who was also -- now in the dream -- had taken the place of this Dr. No. And I was appalled, and I started to run back out and I knew now that I wasn't going to get away. But I ran down some stairs, into a part of the store that had been closed off for repairs or something, and it was deserted. and it was also on the ground floor, so that I looked at the doors to see if I could get out, but I couldn't. And so I ran on down into the basement, and thru some corridors, and came to this ladies' room in this very deserted-looking place. And I went inside and there was a couple of booths there, and also a table and a chair, and on the chair I saw two legs, each the same size, but dressed in a different style stocking, and there was nobody attached to them, and they started moving. And I looked under the table and there was this sort of square hole in the wall, and these two girls were lying in there, sort of entwined around each other. And I knew that they were lesbians and that they lived there. And they both got up and I was very attracted to one of them. And she stood and was facing me and started rubbing me a little bit, and I liked it very much. And I was going to stay with them. There were a couple of other.... And they were sending one of the girls away for some provisions, to a drug store. And I felt rather badly that I didn't have any money to contribute, but they seemed not to care. They were going to take care of me anyway. And so the girl that I was very attracted to and the other girl went out, and I was with a third girl, one that -- the one that had come in. And we sat there, I guess, and were talking about something, when suddenly I heard these people coming along the corridor, and I knew that it was somebody looking for me. And so I hid behind this chair, and the girl said she would hide me, but the people came in. It was somebody and Francis, I think. And they saw me at once and came over and got me. And that was the end of the dream.