I dreamed that I was with my family, and at least one other person's family, taking a vacation in the mountains. And it seems that we were camping out, and we had just gotten there, and were all settled and everything. We were on the slope, the very steep slope, of the side of the mountain. And I and the other children -- we all seemed to be somewhere in our teens -- wanted to go down the mountain. I and my sister were staying sort of together, and I and my sister wanted to gather some sort of flowers on the way, which some of the other children in the group, especially some of the boys, were trying to keep us from getting. And we were sort of having a race down the side of the mountain, which was very, very steep and very covered with flowers and green things and growing things. And at times as we went down the side of the mountain, going very fast down it, there was, well, there was another slope right beside us, so it was almost as if we were climbing down between two walls, although they were both very green, and there was no sense of being closed in, and also no sense of fear from the steepness. And as we went farther down, it became apparent what we were going down there for was this certain type of clay which could be found at the bottom of the mountain. And we were going to get some so that we could make things out of it. And we came down to some of the houses on some of the lower levels, and little cabins, vacation cabins, some of which had occupants in them, and some of which didn't. And my sister and I, instead of going all the way down the mountain and across the valley to where they actually mined this clay, decided that instead we would visit the cabin of this old man that lived there, who had much of the clay in his cabin dried out to use, because he was a very old man and had lived there for a long time and was very skillful in making things. And also there was enough clay there, if we wanted it there would be no problem, we could take it. So we went in and saw him there, and were going to take some of his dried clay powder back in a bucket. This would be easier to carry because it would be lighter, instead of taking the wet clay from farther down in the valley. We could take the dried powder and add water from the spring that was closer to the camp. And so we talked to him. He was sort of in charge of everything. And he told us that the next morning he was going to get rid of these couple of wasps' nests that had been causing trouble. And he was going to get rid of them at 7 o'clock in the morning, but he'd put a.p. on a little notice he'd put up for anyone who was interested, and it would cause confusion and some people might not come, especially at 7:00am which was sort of early in the morning. And I wanted to ask him, but kept being a little shy, if I could have the grubs from the wasps' nests to go fishing with, because they would be good bait. And we were discussing the wasps a little bit, and then the dream changed a little bit while I was still there. And we were thinking or talking about someone who had had some babies, at least twins. And there was something rather unusual about these babies, and we were discussing this when I woke up.