Then I had another dream that started, I was in a bathroom with some strange man, and this boa constrictor about 8 feet long, great big snake. And I was afraid of the man and the snake. There was a bathtub full of water and in the corner of the wall where the bathtub was, there was a little tiny ledge with a little tiny ladder on it. And I had climbed up on this ladder to get as far away from this snake and the man as I could. And they were both in the bathtub. And I didn't know what I could do to keep them from getting me. There was a shelf that I could reach, and it had this heavy little box on it that I threw down into the water, and this upset the man because apparently it had something very valuable in it. And the snake stood up on the end of its tail and tried to knock me off the perch, and I knew I was going to eventually have to come down. Finally I did come down, and I grabbed the snake when it tried to attack me. That was the only way I could get out of the bathroom. And I grabbed it right behind the neck. And I told the man, who seemed to not really be able to do anything to stop me, that I was going to kill the snake; the snake was sort of his brother. And so I pounded the snake's head on the floor until it, until I could hear the skull crack. And then I let go of it. And now it was a man, I believe, sort of crumbled up on the floor. I knew I had to leave. And this man, the real man, was quite wealthy. And I got quite a bit of money from him, and wet out to travel and get away. And I told him rather jokingly that I would meet him on top of the Eiffel Tower, because he was very afraid of heights, and I think this was one reason he hadn't tried to get me himself when I was on the ladder there. And the next thing that took place, I was in the Eiffel Tower, and I was coming down from the top in this sort of rickety elevator that you worked yourself. And I was a man, I believe; yeah, I was a man. And another man came up to me, and wondered if I would like to make a deal. This fabulously wealthy Arabian lady who was getting on in years wanted to pay for someone's young body, which she could take over. And she didn't care whether it was a man's or a woman's. She sort of thought it would be nice to switch to a man's body for a change. And so we talked about this, and then the whole thing sort of disintegrated into an entirely different type of story, about this young man and woman who loved each other and who were being persecuted by this older and very fat man who wanted the girl for himself, and who was this leader of this gang of criminals, against which this couple couldn't do anything. And this story went on for some time...