I dreamed that I was uptown in a large city that was probably in my dream supposed to be my hometown. And I was shopping. I was single and I was pregnant, and the father of my child was this boy, Landon, whom I used to think was right nice. He used to live next door to us, and was about six years older than me. And he was in the army now, and I wanted him to get married to me, even if it didn't mean anything to him, so that at least the child would have a name, even if he didn't want to stay with me, or anything. And I went in a dime store and was looking around. I didn't have anything particular in mind that I wanted, and yet I felt that there was something that I badly needed to buy. And I looked around. And there were a couple of pick-pockets in the store. These pick-pockets would get things and try to put them in my pocketbook and my pockets and then they were going to pick them up on the way out or else if they got caught, then they were going to claim that I was the one that was guilty. And so I was trying to keep away from these people and at the same time look at things that I really wanted to look at. And one woman in this little dime store came up to me, a clerk, and said that she had heard about me. The other clerks had told her that there was no point in waiting on me because I would never find what it was I was looking for, or that I would never buy anything. And I said yes, that was probably true, because the thing that I really wanted, I knew I could never find it in a dime store, which was apparently a ring. There was something else besides, but the one thing I wanted very badly was to get a man's wedding ring for this boy so that when he came to town, we could get married. And I looked at their little cheap rings, but I naturally didn't like any of them very much. Then I went outside, and there was some sort of a national crisis. War was going to be declared any moment or something, and all these Marines were running around the streets in their uniforms, and looking very haggard as if they'd just come in from a 50-mile hike or something. And I walked down the street in one direction for a while, and then I turned around and came back. The direction I was going in is the direction that in my hometown, if you go in, you come out of the store section of town real quickly and just get into business districts and shops. And so I did come back. And then there were some confusing episodes. And I, and a whole group of people, had been captured by somebody whom I presume were Russians. And they were marching us along, out in the country somewhere, over this great flat plain -- well, it had a general upslope to the right of us. And there were many hills on the right. And far away on the left there were grain fields and then trees. And they were making us go very quickly and they weren't giving us anything to eat. And we started coming into a place where there were blackberries and raspberries growing, in a very strange way. They were very big blackberries and raspberries, and they were growing sort of singly, more like strawberries might grow, close to the ground. And they didn't want us to be able to eat any of these, and they were making us run past them. But we ran real fast and got ahead of them, and were starting to eat some of these, when overhead all these airplanes started appearing. And there were many, many of them, and a sort of strange shape, sort of a butterfly shape, although they only had the normal two wings. And they were small planes, but there were a lot of them and they were high up. And they acted as if they were perhaps going to strafe all these troops that were with us, and that meant, of course, that we would be bombed too. And there was no place to go that one could get away from these. And a few confusing things happened. And then all these airplanes had landed, or a lot of them, up at the top of these hills that were on the right. And we were going up there. And what we saw was, all of the people, the troops, that had gotten out of these airplanes, were all dressed up in these bright band-type uniforms. I think they were very bright red with gold trim, and playing these tunes on these sort of old-fashioned horns, like hunting horns. And the Russian leaders, like Kruschev and everything, were standing there, and nobody was firing a shot at anybody. And I thought, how strange, what do they think they're doing? How do they think they're going to accomplish anything like this? And then Khrushchev had made some sort of promise, and then he was sort of backing down on it, and he wasn't going to keep it. And at once a bunch of the troops that had been around him and not offering any violence got down on their hands and knees and started barking like dogs, and it was just a  whole troop of them chasing him. And he didn't know what to think, he was sort of afraid and then he was sort of astonished, and then he starting laughing. And the troops were acting the way my daughter acts when she acts like a dog. And I thought, well, now we see what is needed, some sort of childlike approach to everything will work out best.