I took a nap in the afternoon, and I had a dream. It started off somewhere on campus, and I was in some building that -- it was a new building and it seemed to be the new language building Day, but it didn't have much resemblance to it and it wasn't in the same place. But I was in there with my daughter, and with this girl who has been in several of my classes before -- in my French classes and in my Dante course this semester. And we were talking while we were walking out of the building. And I was going with my husband -- I'm not exactly sure exactly where we were going, or where we had been. There was something about a car auction, and this whole group of people that had been at this place together were all heading home, starting off together. And we were in this long line of cars, and they were driving very fast and very recklessly, very close to each other. And it seemed very dangerous. And at one point I remember my husband seemed to be passing cars rather recklessly himself. And he decided it was his turn to pass some car in front of us, and a car about two cars behind him pulled out about the time he was getting ready to pass. And he said that wasn't fair, for that car to pull out like that, so he pulled out right in front of it, and sort of ran into the other side of the road. We were going real fast, about 70 or so, and were right in front of this other car, but we got back into the line. And I decided that I would drive for a while because I wouldn't drive that fast. I didn't think it was right. And so I was driving, and the road was sort of narrow and hilly, and there kept being patches of fog on it. All of a sudden would just be this big clump of fog that you couldn't see, and people on both sides o the road were going very fast and driving recklessly. And there was a group of several cars in front of us that seemed to be related in some way, connected in some way, like they were all friends or something that had to get somewhere all together. And one car that was right in front of us all of a sudden went off the road, and went through the fence on the right. And I said that was because they had all been driving too fast and that that whole group eventually something was going to happen to. And we drove on, and all of a sudden, without any warning, came these mountains with these terrific curves, just impossible curves. And it was a very strange narrow little road. It was a very unreal scene, all these narrow, twisting curves and all this fog on the road. I continually couldn't see where I was going and didn't feel like I was controlling the car right. And we went through this mountain, very maze turn of mountain roads for a while and finally came to the end of it. And it was about where I woke up, feeling very drugged from having been asleep in the afternoon, it having been a very hot afternoon. And my husband came home from his meeting with Dr. McCurdy, and brought the car back so I could go to the grocery store. So I had to get up and get my daughter up and go on to the store because it was sort of late in the afternoon, even though I felt dopey, and wasn't real bright and wide awake, and didn't want to drive when I wasn't fully awake. But I did, and I rolled down the window to get lots of fresh air because I felt sort of dazed and in a fog, as it were. And so we were driving to the grocery store and as we got down the highway, about two blocks from where I would turn, all the cars stopped and we had to wait for a while. And when we got up to where the shopping center was, I saw that there had been a sort of big accident, probably not a real serious one. It seemed to have involved about four cars on both sides of the road. And also across from this shopping center is this great bit open field that used to, I don't remember if it still does, have this fence along it, about 100 feet off the road. And for a long time there was a green car that had gone off the road down by the fence. And the car that ran off the road in my dream and went through this fence in a place very similar to what this place actually was, was a green car, sort of an old model. And also I had this dream last night that had just this one element of a car going off a road and through a fence into a field. None of these cars when I saw them were actually off the road, except off to one side of the road, but it was at this place where they were. That's all.