I dreamed I was in a very large library, and it was set up in the form of a huge rectangular room, with all of the books stored off of this room on different levels. And there was a small restaurant near the end of the library that I was at, with mostly very small booths. And the people who were there were mostly people who had been in the French class I audited last semester. And a bear was going to be let loose in this library, and it was going to be following this father and his little child, his little child being around 3 or 4 years old. And he was supposed to try get away from it. And in the dream for a while I was sort of watching this, and sort of identified with it. The bear actually was never very close to this man and his child he was carrying on his shoulders. But he was running in and out of the little tables there in the restaurant, and generally dodging around thru this immense room in the library. And you could see the bear. It was down at the other end of the library, and it was so far away that it, well, it looked very small, but of course you knew it was an ordinary-sized bear. And then the bear was chasing me. And I decided that a better way to get rid of it would be to go back into the stacks of the library, that there would be more places that you could dodge and hide in there. And there were some sort of tunnels, round-tunnels isn't exactly the word because they went up and down, and they had staircases in them, but they were sort of spiral staircases, only much narrower than usual spiral staircases are -- which went from level to level, and they were for the use of the library staff, and they were completely enclosed, except at the tops of each level. And they were closed, if I remember correctly, at the top, with some sort of a bag or something that you stuffed down into the top after you had gone thru. And so I was going thru, and pulling these bags or whatever, these stuffed bags, into the opening after I got in. And they were very narrow stairs, because it wasn't much bigger around, there wasn't any leeway on either side. But I would go down, and this bear -- even though it was much bigger than I was -- seemed to be able to follow me fairly easily. And there were elevators also that went from level to level, and I thought, well, naturally a bear wouldn't know how to take an elevator, and might go on one of those if I found one. And so I did, and I went down to the 14th level, because I remembered that I needed to look for a certain magazine. I believe I was looking for it for my husband, and I thought it would be found on this level. It also had something to do with the French course that I had been auditing, and so it seems rather hard to see how my husband could have been interested in it. But I started looking for the magazines, and the bear sort of dropped out of the picture entirely. And I was just looking for this particular magazine, which would have been a big one, called the American something, full of all these lush pictures and everything. But I never did find it.