I had a dream that was influenced by a couple of science fiction stories I read the previous night, one about a man who could grow people in his garden, and another about the world after an atomic war when clouds covered the sky and everybody was suspicious of knowledge. So as the dream begins, I'm sitting on this college campus lawn, along with many other people. And I'm in particular talking to one person. Everybody seems to be in little groups, and each group seems to be somewhat suspicious of the others. While we're sitting here, on the far side of the lawn a group of people -- mostly girls -- comes, and along with them is this group of black-coated people that seem to be priests of some kind. And as they start to come in the great quadrangle, they start looking in our direction. And everything in the whole lawn gets deathly quiet while they stare over at us and we stare back at them. And there's this great tension in the air and it seems to be rather dangerous. And what resolves this finally is that this world is like the world in my dream where the clouds cover the sky all the time, and the very unusual event happens that the sun comes out. And so everybody is distracted and starts looking at this. This is supposed to be sort of a sacred event, and apparently everybody was supposed to just watch it, and not do anything while the sun was shining. But a whole group of people got up and left, running off the quad and disappearing. And I got the urge to go also, and somebody else that was with me. It was as if the sun was calling us to come, to follow these people and find out what they were doing. And so we ran off, and several buildings farther on, behind the building, we saw they were running off, and they all were carrying sticks of holly. And I knew that this had some religious significance. And all the, it was a crowd of little boys and little girls mostly, but obviously there must have been somebody else with them, from what happened later. But the little boys were behind this one building, and they had taken off their clothes, and were adorning themselves with this holly. And we went on a little farther and there was -- and I knew that this was what we would find before we got there -- there was a field of corn all ready to be harvested, and lying between the rows of the corn were the little girls. And they had been dressed by some older women, presumably, in the green corn husks and the green corn tassels, and were lying here waiting for the little boys. It was going to be a sort of ritual sexual union that was supposed to have an influence on the sun. And meanwhile, the priests and the other people we knew were very angry and were going to be following us, because this was very pagan from their point of view. Therefore, we had to hurry to initiate this ceremony. And so I went and got one of the little boys - and now he was bound up in corn husks too in some way - and put him down on top of this little girl, and had them join in intercourse. And the little girl said that it hurt, but I said it was necessary. And also the other reason for this haste was the fact that the sun was going back under the clouds. But when they were joined in this way, the sun came back out again, so we knew that it really did have an effect. About this time, the priests came up and were starting to argue with us. And so we showed them that they had been working on the wrong principles all along, that they had been really working just with the powers of darkness, and that this would insure that the powers of light would be with us too, that this was something that was necessary and these rituals were a sort of sympathetic magic to insure that the sun would stay with us. And that both sides of this existence were necessary.