I dreamed there was this girl, and sometimes it was me and sometimes it was another girl, who'd been hired by my father to count how many trucks of this company (it was the Lion Co.) came into this city along this certain road. And this was because they wanted part of his business, but all of the other trucking firms already had all the business or most of it. And she was hired to live in this very, very fancy penthouse, it was sort of her pay for the job. And she would sit there, with a pair of binoculars, and count the trucks. But then there were these people - it was very sort of science-fiction story-like - who were going to take over the city, and then take over the world. And they had done something in the city, so almost everybody was dead or not there any more, but I and another girl who later turned out to be my sister , and my husband were there. And we were in this big apartment house. And a car stopped in front of it. They were going to come in and search for us. And so we were trying to hide. And I looked around for all sorts of places for us to hide, mainly for me and Barbara, and I was looking for a place for my sister first, and then I was going to hide. And finally my sister decided that in this big closet, sort of one of these dressing room types of closets, very large, that she was going to hide. And she had covered herself partly with boxes and partly with a blanket. But she refused to keep her face covered, because it bothered her. And yet I said that she had to, or these people would find her. And finally I -- after trying to persuade her -- I had to quit and run and hide myself, behind some clothes over in back of the closet, because I could hear these people outside. And they came in and found us both, and had also found my husband wherever he was, and were going to take us away. And we all threw away our I.D. cards because they marked us as being part of the nobility and everybody who belonged to the nobility was going to be killed. And they were going to take us to a prison camp somewhere, but we knew that we would maybe have another chance to get away. And so then it was I and these two other girls. And we were trying to get away from this place that looked like a girl's school. And a bell had rung and everybody was supposed to come back, but we went on and were out near this woods. And some girls that were near there told us not to go down there, because nobody that went down there could ever find their way out. But we knew that was just what we wanted, because we wanted to get away. And so we ran down into the woods. And we hadn't gone very far until we saw my husband lying on the ground with this picnic basket with him. And this seemed sort of innocuous, but we knew -- since he was now on the enemy side -- that he was there to prevent our escaping. And yet it didn't concern me too much because I was very happy to see him, and felt very tender toward him. And I went up to him, and where he was, and lay down and embraced him, and said how sad it was that we were on opposite sides, and supposed to be enemies. And so we were going to stay there with him, and that was about the end of that dream.