In the next dream, I was sort of observing a story. It took place out on the desert, and two people were trying to get rid of these two other people, and primarily this one person, by getting rid of their water supply, and also by harming this vulture which followed the two people who were walking along on the desert everywhere. And the two people who were trying to harm the other two were, I don't know what they were doing, following them along in an airplane or something, but they weren't walking along on the desert. But I joined the two people who were on the desert, and walked along with them, and we tried to think of some way to escape. And we came to a big building, and there were two ways that we could go. And we all of a sudden ran and went in the door at the bottom of this building, hoping that these other two people wouldn't see us, but they did. And we had a little bit of water with us, and we were trying to conserve it, but at the same time we decided that we would go up the stairs very fast and maybe lose these people who were following us. And so we did, and there were twelve levels to this building. And we got to the 11th level, and as you went up, there was less and less actual building and more sort of this terrace that was built around it. And the 11th story, about half of it was this terrace, and the 12th story, which was the top, was all terrace, and some sort of military establishment or camp or something, although there was nothing there but this big open space with some grass planted around it, glassed off and wired off from the big drop down to the ground. And I didn't much want to go to either of these stories, but finally I did. And there were these other people there, and I realized that I was going to eventually have to fight with the leader of the group, which was also something I didn't want to do, and especially there since it seemed dangerous. And wire, barbed wire, was strung around the outside of this terrace on all sides, overhead, about 20 feet off the ground, poles or something stretching across and around the terrace were these very high tension wires. And as you watched them, you could see the electricity leaking off them, this artificial lightning crackling across the top of the terrace. And I thought that this would be a very beautiful place if it weren't so dangerous. And I was up there for a little while, and then I had to go back down to change into pajamas. And then I was going to fight this person. And I was hoping to put it off as long as possible. I went down to about the 9th level, I believe. This was where my family lived. And I went into one room and my brother was there, my older brother. And I had my pajamas with me and so I just undressed in front of him and put them on, and this didn't seem to be too unusual or too shocking in the dream. And then we started singing this Easter hymn. And that was about the end of that dream. But I thought it was interesting because of all the various levels and everything.