I dreamed that I and my husband were going to take a little vacation trip to the Rockies. And this was at the beginning of the summer, and we thought it would be sort of nice to have gone there, since we'd never been there before and since we were going to have to make the trip later in the summer when we went to California. And we started out in the middle of the country somehow, and sort of followed this map-like road so that it was hardly any time at all until we came to the Rockies, which were in the dream this high, sheer cliff rising out of the plain of the map. And there was this very narrow V-shaped cleft between the two sheer walls, through which we went and found ourselves at the entrance to Calumet farm in Kentucky, which is where they raise all sorts of thoroughbred horses. And this didn't seem strange to us in the dream. I said, "Let's go see it, since we're here." So we went up and were talking to some people. We had a camera with us, and a lady was explaining to my husband how to set it to take a certain couple of pictures, because if he didn't set it just right, it wouldn't come out. And she showed us some examples of ones that hadn't come out. And my husband got very indignant with her for some reason, and I thought he should have thanked her, and I was angry with him for not having thanked her when I thought he should have. And so we went in through these big doors into the farm itself, and there really wasn't much to see. We were wandering around in a very big room, sort of a library, and found a map that had several tours indicated on it. And my husband decided that we would have to go on all of these. They weren't really tours, they were just sort of paths that we marked out on various places on the farm. And several of these paths led through this large garden which was quite far away from where we were, down this dirt road. But we had to go see it, my husband said. So we started off. At first we were with a couple of other people. And we noticed that there were all sorts of flowers planted along the left side of the road as we were going down it, and all of the flowers were facing back towards the main house. And we knew that there was some sort of trouble there. And it gradually evolved that I was supposed to help them with it, and I would probably get killed in the process. But I was supposed to go down to the greenhouse and do something there. So I went down and I was all by myself at this point, and very scared, but I came to the greenhouse and was sitting at a table with some people when one of the plant people, who had been created by the people at this farm to help them, and who had rebelled, came out. And at first I thought he was going to kill me because I didn't have a Bible. But I got one from somebody and so it was alright. And I don't know exactly what I was supposed to do to save these people. But I was supposed to go in there and try to persuade these plants or whatever not to rebel. And this was about the end of the dream. The plant person, when he came out, acted very haughtily toward us and kicked at people and broke windows and things. That was about all.