I dreamed that I was driving along in the mountains behind a large truck, and we were coming down out of the mountains into this valley. And the truck gave me a signal to pass him, but I didn't think I could see far enough ahead, so I didn't. And we came to a railroad track which was right in the center of the valley, cutting across it. and off of a sudden a little signal flashed on, and I shouted to the driver of the truck to stop. And we stopped, and this train came up from the left and started to go across, and then another train came up in the opposite direction. And the engineer of the first train got out and told everyone who was waiting in the station to get out of the valley as quickly as they could, because there was something about the strong winds in the meadows, that often trains were wrecked as they tried to cross it. And so we went across the valley and up the other side - it wasn't a very wide valley, with very steep mountains on either side - as quickly as we could. And we were on a flight of stairs about halfway up, and decided to stay there a little while and look back into the valley and see if anything did happen to the train when it crossed the valley. And we (my husband, Bill Gammet, and my daughter was with us), there were a couple of other people there. And Bill and I went up to the top of this tower that was right beside us, but decided that we couldn't see as well from there as we had before, so we went back and looked down. And down at the foot of where we were now was the train station. And the train started to come into it. And something happened. The engine pulled away from the rest of the train, and the train started slowly, very slowly, without any noise, to crumple up. And it was sort of horrible and sort of not. It was most horrible because it was a passenger train. And yet there was -- well, not this air of unreality -- about it, but although I thought I should be very horrified by it, I wasn't. So I said that we should go down and help these people. And I went down. And besides the people in the train, there didn't seem to be too many people outside interested in what was going on. A couple of men were carrying a couple of bodies by. And I went inside. And the people who were sitting around the counters and at the booths at this little lunch counter were saying that they wouldn't move, but I told them very commandingly that if they didn't stay and help all these people who were sick -- who were hurt in this accident -- they could leave at once. And so they all got up and left. And I told the waitresses behind the counter to start fixing lots of hot water, and I started fixing the tables and everything for the doctors to put patients down on to see. And there weren't any doctors around. And I asked my sister to call some from the phone book. And she called a couple, but there seemed to be difficulty in getting any doctors to come. And I went out to the train, after a little while. And another train was going by this wrecked one, which, incidentally, all the shades were down over the window and you couldn't see in, and there was no noise from inside. But there were these two little boys that looked like twins sitting down inside the windowsill of the end car. And they waved at the train that passed. And I went down and they seemed to be very cheerful and asked them if they had been in the train wreck. And I asked them if they were hurt and they said yes, they were. And one little boy unzipped his jacket and he had this long pink plastic or iron thing, sort of like a knitting needle, stuck through part of his belly, and the other little boy had a similar thing in his arm. and I told them to not bother those things and leave them there til the doctor could look at them. And I went back inside and I thought, there's nothing I can do until the doctor gets here, because, except perhaps get somebody to move the people who were obviously dead out of the train, because I knew you shouldn't move people who had been injured until you knew the extent of their injuries. And at this point I began to wake up. But something told me that this was my problem, I should solve it. And I in some ways had caused this, or there was something of significance in it for me. And so I tried to stay asleep and figure out some way to handle this great catastrophe, but I couldn't seem to figure out a way. That was all.