I dreamed that I and my sister and my husband and Jimmy Scott were in a building which I believe was the Liberty Life Building in my hometown. And my sister and I had gone with my husband and Jimmy there because they had some sort of business to do which would just take them a little while. It was after 5:00, but they had some sort of business that they figured would just take a few minutes to do. So we were waiting for them, and sitting in a small sort of lounge somewhere. And Jimmy and I and my sister were in there, and my husband was still somewhere. And we were starting to get impatient when my husband came in with this very striking woman. And he introduced us to the beautiful business manager from South America. Apparently they'd been working with her. And this sort of upset me. I was partly jealous and partly the fact that I hadn't realized they were so involved with what they were doing. In other words, I thought they'd just come to pick up a couple of papers or something and we were going to go. And this woman also was very -- not antagonistic -- but just sort of superior, and wouldn't talk to us, which also upset me and made me mad and made me unhappy. But we sat there for a while. There was another woman, a secretary of some sort, that was also there, and she also didn't seem to pay much attention to me. And I knew Jimmy was noticing the way I was acting and this made me feel sort of bad, but I didn't much care. And finally, I was with Jimmy and he was showing me some machines that they had, machines for sort of automatic slide preparation, and I was sort of fascinated with those. And I was sitting on this little ledge, or edge of something, watching this machine work, and then he turned into Paul Obrt. And he was standing there, and put his legs between mine and this was very sexy. And my husband came in, and I was sort of happy that he'd seen this, because I felt it sort of avenged me in some way for these women. And then something happened, and my husband had gone with these woman down to the coffee shop in the building to get them some supper. And after sitting there for a while, I decided I would go to the ladies' room, which was on the 15th floor of the building, as I remembered it. So I walked down to the elevator and got on it - it was an automatic elevator -  and pushed the button for the 15th floor. And the elevator started going up, and the doors started trying to open. And it was as if some malignant force were at work trying to open the doors. And I got back into the back of the elevator and held on to the little rail that runs along the side and shouted at the force to stop. And I had some sort of metal bar that I was hitting at the doors with to try to make them stop. But they kept half-opening and finally opened up all the way, in front of a platform which was all open. There were no walls or anything around it, but I thought I'd better get out before something else happened to the elevator. So I got out, and when I did, it was the 15th floor as I had seen going to, and I went down the hall to find the ladies' room. And all of a sudden this big, burly gorilla sort of man came from somewhere, and he'd been the one, he'd had something to do with the elevator doors opening. And he started chasing me, he was very dangerous, cause he wanted to kill me. And so I started to run down the stairs, I think this would be better than trying to get back to the elevator. And he was running after me; he was much faster. And then suddenly it was very strange because he got in front of me and was running down, and I was running down after him. And I thought, why am I chasing him, since he's in front of me for some reason? Let him run on down. I'll stay up here or something and find some other way to get down. But he was chasing me somehow again, and I was real afraid. And there was some sort of magical powers that we both had, but mine weren't any use against his, because he was too big and powerful. But at last I got, not away from him, but at least back down to the first floor where there were other people, and ran into the lounge where I had been, because I knew that it was useless to scream up on the top of the 15th floor where nobody else was, and that nobody knew where I had gone because I'd thought of telling somebody, but I hadn't; I'd just gone. But at any rate, I got back to the first floor and into this lounge, and there was this girl sitting there, a young girl about my age, who was a witch and had a lot of powers. And I asked her to please help me, and I ran over and I sort of buried my face between her breasts and asked her to please help me and that I would do anything she wanted if she would. And I thought to myself that she was very attractive and I was attracted to her sexually, and just wanted to stay there with her anyhow. And so she did get rid of this person. She said a spell that made all of his fingers fall off; and he had shrunk to this very little person anyhow, still like a man, but about the size of a little child. And so I was going to stay with this girl, and that was about the end of the dream.