I dreamed I was in the French building on campus, the language building, and I was going to take some sort of exam that afternoon. And so I went down to some food vending machines that were there to get a bar of candy or something before I went back and studied. And after I had gotten the candy bar, I noticed there was some sort of commotion going on outside the building. I went to the front and looked out, and I saw these people looking, gazing over toward the Bell Tower, in the direction of it. And I saw that there had been a violent windstorm of some sort, probably a tornado, which had caused even the great big water tower (which you could see from where I was, but actually in reality you couldn't) to fall over. And this was very amazing. The whole thing had just toppled over, on its side, or almost on its side. And I went outside. This windstorm had cut sort of a diagonal through campus. There wasn't actually too much damage, except this great, tremendous water tower being overturned. And I went down to a building that was under construction, which would have been, as I was facing the Bell Tower, to the left of the library and about in the parking lot there. But this seemed to be an uptown sort of business district of some sort. And I was standing inside this building, which was unfinished on the inside, just a dirt floor, talking to somebody about the difference between tornadoes and hurricanes. And all of a sudden another little tornado came along. And we were both scared and hid behind this car that was in the building. And the little tornado came in where we were; it was only about 10 or 12 feet high and 4 or 5 inches thick, and it was just a little black round, not even funnel-shaped, with an irregular column. And I remembered something somebody had said one time about if a tornado started heading in one direction, if you headed in an opposite direction, you would probably be safe. And so it went one way and I went another, and got away from it. I wasn't particularly scared of it. I knew if it touched me, it would be pretty bad. And that was about the end of the dream. And I feel this might be significant in some way because I had in the past dreams about tornadoes in which there were great, huge and very terrifying things that were very destructive and very fear-inspiring. I can remember one in particular in which I was in a great building in a city when at the edge of the city across the skyline I could see three huge tornadoes starting to come towards me, and this was a very nightmarish dream. But this one wasn't particularly scary. The tornado was so much smaller. That's all.