I was on a highway, walking  and turned off onto a ramp leading up. Very steep, with a large pipe running down the center of it and steps sort of underneath that were to walk on. A car couldn't really have gone on this road. I climbed up, and I knew I had climbed it before, and had, in fact, been through the whole sequence of things which will follow, although under somewhat different circumstances with a different, but unremembered, outcome. When I reached the top, I had to climb down a short, steep part to an overhang which led into this department store which I was to enter and do something there. All the people would be on the lookout for me, as I had done this sort of thing before (though some of the clerks, etc., would be sympathetic to me). I got someone to help me into the store, but another person saw me and there was an alarm. This was the basement and everyone assumed I would run up to the first floor and try to escape at once, so I would be easily caught. But I took the elevator to the 4th floor where it was calm, quiet, darkish, very plush and rich. Reddish-purple carpets and walls, a quiet beauty salon (I considered having my hair dyed, but decided against it), and mazy halls which angled and turned in the half-light. I looked for stairs rather than elevators to take, and finally found a flight, and went down to the 3rd floor. Here it was lighter and more open, gray-white and gold, with works of art hanging around (the basement was shipping and clerks and bookkeeping, crowded and cut-up and harsh artificial light). Several well-dressed women were strolling around looking at the works of art. I had to hide behind a screen while an authoritative woman dressed in black came toward where I was. A bunch of "plainclothesmen" were looking for me, all dressed in all sorts of weird plain clothes, very obvious. I strolled around trying to be inconspicuous. Someone seemed to be coming toward me, and I walked out onto the balcony. A man was there, and we both looked at the sunset. (This, somehow, was the 55th floor, though the old hotel had had only 5 floors.) This young man and I were completely enraptured by the beauty of the sunset, which was immense over a plain, with golden and green trees flooded with light caught in the golden rays of the sun, bright rayed clouds above them, pink and gold, darkish blue sky. We agreed that it was criminal to spoil scenery like this (though in reality there wasn't much scenery, several buildings and industrial type things, but mostly empty plain). Now everyone was out on the balcony, lining up to be counted. If there were an extra person, then they would know I was there. They had missed one person, who was hiding so I wouldn't be caught, but someone else turned him in and he was led off. They ignored me, which now seems strange.