Bob and Diane and we were discussing our experiences coming across the country. They had had some bad experience in Siskiyo, Illinois. I was in it as they told it, and we were going through it and I said, "We went through this town too." Bob and Diane and some other people (both boys?) were in the MG, which had the back let down like a platform for the two others. Bob pulled into a gas station and asked for regular. The attendant said it would run better on premium, and in spite of Bob's protests, he put premium into the car. Bob got into an argument with him, refusing to pay for anything but the equivalent amount of regular; everybody joined in, arguing and telling Bob how he should handle the situation. The manager of the gas station dared Bob to try to get away with this, to see the cop on the corner with whom he had a deal. Bob couldn't believe this; he said he would, believing the police would surely not allow him to be cheated in this way. So he drove out of the gas station and headed east. It was night and soon we were out of the town, without having seen the police. We realized we were going in the wrong direction, so turned. but the police caught us and made us pay the amount for the gas. (Ever since turning, we were in the MG.) Now we drove on, and soon came to a river where people were picnicking (Sunday afternoon). Bob was intrigued, and though we thought we were driving by, we soon came to the gate to the park, which was now an ocean park. As long as we were there, we thought we might as well stop and have our first look at the Pacific. It was warm and nice in the sun (is it here or later in this dream or another that my bra keeps falling off? The straps come loose and my breasts are bare). I want to go down and see the waves. They are huge and very powerful, and charge up the sand and over dunes and rocks maybe a hundred feet before they stop. I run back from the first one, but get caught by it, so lie down and hold on to the sloping rocks of the cliff (they go up like stairs). The wave washes over me. When it is past, I get up and climb a little further; another one comes. I am both frightened and exhilarated by having the cool water rush over me. This was about it, I think. We got back in the car and left.