I was in the basement of another man's house. I don't know who this man was. I knew him in the dream, but I can't recall his identity. There was some sort of tunnel or shaft leading into the basement of the man's house, and there had been reports or something like that of some sort of creature coming out of this tunnel. I was arguing with the man that he should put up some sort of steel doors or steel building over the tunnel so nothing could get out of it that wasn't under our control. But he didn't seem to think that this was necessary or something to that effect. Then I left. I didn't want to be around in the evening when this creature or whatever it was, came out. But somehow there was some sort of business meeting that was called for that evening right down in that basement, and everyone had to come. I came and one or two other men came that were in this company, and I don't know what the business of the company was or anything. The other men became frightened and left as the evening went on. I left also because I thought this creature was bound to put in an appearance where it might kill and maim or something like that. So I left and the person who owned the house was frightened and didn't want to be left alone, but I sort of thought as I was leaving that I told him so, and so he better take the consequences for not doing what I told him. I went out and went to a parking lot and got into my car and was quite sure to lock the doors behind me as I got in the car. I was planning to drive out and I heard the man who owned the house screaming at this point. The man was about my age incidentally, or a few years older. So I went back to the house. I don' know whether I drove or whether I got out of the car again, hoping to rescue him or something. My recall is quite vague at this point. But I know I got there and there wasn't a creature there or anything like that. I then started talking to the man and interpreting the whole thing in which this tunnel leading down was the id and there was an ego and superego in there, so I was interpreting the whole experience he had or perhaps it was the dream itself, I'm not sure, in a strictly psychoanalytic framework.