I'm on a commercial airliner. I'm coming back from the West somewhere, probably Chicago or something like that. The plane lands in this small town that doesn't have a regular airport. Much to my surprise, it lands right in the middle of the main street of town. The town is vaguely familiar to me.  The plane lets off its passengers and then we starts taxiing down the street again, over a bridge and out onto the highway outside of town. The pilot is waiting for the road to be clear of cars so he can speed up and take off. He starts to once or twice, but cars appear and he has to stop. I worry in the dream that the wings will get caught in telephone poles and what-not along the side of the road. A couple of times it looks like they do, but it doesn't slow the plane down or anything. He taxis off down a side road since the highway seems to have a lot of traffic on it. There's still a fair amount of cars on the road. Then as we come around a bend, there's a big meadow there and there's 20 or 30 nuns having a picnic. There's some children running around. We taxi into this field or meadow and then right there is President Kennedy and a whole bunch of high government officials having a picnic also. So the pilot stops and apparently Pres. Kennedy and some of the others want to go for a short flight just as sort of a jaunt, as a part of their picnic. So the president and some Secret Service men and some cabinet men come on board. I and the other passengers have been told to sit back in the rear seats. The president and his party sit up front. The pilot takes off in the meadow. Then somehow I go to sleep or something like that and the next thing I know, I wake up and all the seats around me in the back of the plane are empty. The front of the plane is closed off by some sort of partition so I can't see what's going on up there. I realize that somehow all the other passengers and probably most of the presidential party have been murdered. Somehow I was overlooked because I was slouched down in my seat or something like that. So I look out onto the porch, this plane has a porch on the left side. There's no breeze blowing, even though we're flying along at a couple of hundred miles or so an hour and I think this is pretty strange in the dream. But I apparently looked at this porch in previous dreams and there hadn't been any breeze then, so I was used to it by now. So I just looked out on the porch; I didn't go out on it. Then I worked my way forward in the plane to where the partition runs across the plane. Right beyond the partition is the pilot's compartment. I know that the murderers are probably still in the pilot's compartment, so I look in some lockers along the side where I think the bodies of the Secret Service men might be to see if there are any weapons on them or anything. I find some things like hacksaws, keys, and chisels and things like that. Finally I find a revolver. I don't actually get a good look at the revolver, but I'm hunting so hard for one in the dream, I apparently think I have one. About this point, someone is coming out of the door from the pilot's compartment, but I put something thru the door so it can't be opened. Actually the time sequence is a little wrong here. Actually I put something thru the door before I start looking for a gun to give me more time. So now I have a gun and I believe I shoot thru the partly opened door, whoever is trying to force thru the door. Apparently this was one of the murderers. Then I forced my way into the pilot's compartment. I believe the pilot and one other person are still in there. The pilot must be in league with the murderers because he refuses to land the plane or anything. So I make the pilot and the other person get over in the corner. I try to call the airport on the radio and I finally get them. Apparently I'm going to have the problem now of landing the plane myself, which is quite a problem since I don't know how to fly a plane.