My wife and I and a number of other people are at some kind of party and there is another woman there who may be acting as the hostess, I'm not sure. I've been drinking some sort of wine throughout most of the evening and then she gives me some tequila or something like that to drink. As a result of drinking this, something happens to my mind, so that I'm now very stupid. I realize that this has happened once before and it takes months to wear off, and so I become quite angry at this woman. I have thoughts of getting back at her somehow and then this shades over into some other part of a dream in which I have been at a concert or athletic event in a big stadium. I go down to the ticket office afterwards. It seems that the music they played at the end of the event has made me a little bit deaf, dumb again. I go down to the ticket office to complain about this. I give them some kind of brown paper envelope. Then there's a somewhat confused series of events in which the envelope apparently is full of tickets which the ticket people have not actually sold. But somehow they worked out some kind of deal where they could get some money and have some tickets left over, and they just had to get rid of the tickets, and they mentioned something about having to throw the tickets out every once in a while. This shades over into a part of the dream where this envelope is full of money. I and several other people have robbed a bank or somehow gotten this money illegally. We're running away. We run into a Catholic church which I ha  dreamed about before. I don't recall if I've ever been in one like it in real life, but I've dreamed about this particular church. We are hiding in this church. A priest comes in for a while, and a janitor and some cleaning women, and we're sneaking around trying to make sure we're not noticed by these people. Finally, one or two cleaning women notice us, and one of the people with me who robbed this bank or whatever we did to get the money, is a woman, and she offers to bribe them. First she offers them five dollars if she'll forget they've seen us, then $10, then she offers them $100 each right then and another $100 tomorrow. I argue with her that that will call a lot of suspicion to us because she is giving them such a big amount. Then I don't recall what happened immediately after that, but it shifts over to a scene in which I have the envelope with the money in it. I'm running away from everybody else. I don't know what happened to the people that were involved in getting the money with me, but there are some other crooks trying to get the money away from me. I'm up in a big balcony in this church and they're down below. I don't think they know where I am, but one person is coming up the stairs. The balcony is made of canvas as I recall, and it's a little bit unstable. It's made of canvas and it's unstable; it's green canvas. There's another one right below it also made of canvas. These other people who are after me start driving their car up into the lower one, and I don't think it will hold, but it does. It shakes quite a bit, but they drive their car up into the first one to the far end where a ramp up to the second one is, where I am. They start driving up that. For some reason they don't drive up to the second one after all, even though they started. One man is coming up onto the 2nd balcony. I have a hypodermic syringe in my hand filled with sodium amatol or sodium pentothal, one of the barbiturates that's rather quick-acting. I think that when the man gets up there, I'll plunge it in where I think there's a vein and inject it very quickly and knock him out that way. I have some doubts as to whether this will be quick enough, but apparently I don't have any other choice. So the man's head comes up the stairway, I quickly inject it and he doesn't struggle much, and I manage to inject it. A few seconds later he falls over and is passed out. Again, following this, there are a few intermediate events which I don't recall. Then I'm on the run with this envelope full of money and there's a woman with me, about my own age. I don't know who she is, but I know she is involved with me in stealing from the crooks. The crooks are after us. She and I have apparently planned to steal this money for quite a while in advance. We've set up some kind of sunbathing club or something like that. We come to this very tall brick building, almost windowless, and it is part of this sunbathing club we've set up. We climb right up the vertical wall of the building. There are some little cracks left in the bricks, apparently purposely, and we climb up onto the roof, open the trap door which reveals two chutes, side by side, going down about 8 or 9 feet into a little hidden room inside there. There are a few people scattered here and there on the roof sunbathing and I hope that they won't see us. So we slide down into the room and close the trap doors above us after us. This is a temporary hideaway and we plan to go on from here and get away even further. but the woman decides we should stay there, that we're really quite safe there, and no one would ever find us. I tell her no, that some people have probably seen us going in from the roof and we have to go on. It's part of the plan. We have a little argument about it. Finally I decide to go on, and she's going to stay there. I give her half of the money and I also have a thought that in a way it's somewhat better that we're splitting up. It increases my chances of getting away. It also seems to have her going along with me. So I leave the room. I don't' recall what happened immediately after that, but I think the crooks cornered me again eventually and I was under another balcony. No, I'm not sure. There was a scene in there somewhere where I was under a canvas balcony and they were shooting with a machine gun through the canvas, and I was moving around so as not to be under the same part of the balcony. But that may have gone back to the previous scene where the balcony was. I'm not sure.