I recall one dream this morning. I'm out in the country standing in a field looking at this old rickety barn. For some reason I want to get in this barn. The doors are locked. So I decide I'll get in through one of the second story windows. I climb up on the porch and get up onto the roof and carefully work my way over to the edge. I'm about to lower myself over the edge and swing into the second story window when I find there's a man on the roof beside me. He is a person who works in this barn. He's a foreman or something like that. He asked me what I was doing there. I tell him that I just wanted to get in and I was going to swing in this window. He tells me that I don't need to do anything that dangerous because there's a trap door right beside him that he came up through. So we go down through the trap door into the 2nd story of this barn. It's a very large 2nd story and the barn is full of fascinating objects, pieces of electronics equipment and machine tools, and the sort of things you find in the loft of a real old barn. I'm quite delighted with the place. At this point I have a friend with me. I don't know where the friend came from, but he's there. Somebody about my age. I don't know exactly who he is. He is looking around and is fascinated too. One of the things that I notice in particular is that there's an excellent machine shop up here in the barn that this man runs. I spend a little time looking at this big lathe. My friend and I are wandering around looking at the various things. There are a number of partitions in the barn loft and we're behind one of those when the woman who owns the barn and the farm comes upstairs. I'm not sure if she approved of our being there or not, so I hide behind this partition and I motion to my friend to do the same. But it didn't do any good because the woman is walking over in our direction and eventually walks around the partition. Well, she doesn't quite walk around the partition, but she's going to. At this point I have an idea. My friend and I walk out and right up to her. I believe we introduce ourselves and tell her something to the effect that we were looking for her. What a wonderful old barn it is with all these fascinating things in it. I think we gave her the impression that we were going to write a story for the newspaper or something like that. She tells us to go ahead and take any pictures if we want them. This woman is dressed in a rather old-fashioned way. I think she's in her 30's or 40's, something like that, with a very long skirt. She asked if we don't want to take her picture, but she seems to want us to, so I figure we will. She shows us a little bucket that was used for bathing. She says she'll get in it and take a bath for us to take a picture. I'm somewhat amazed because this bucket looks like it's only an ordinary galvanized pail really. I don't see how in the world she could possibly get in there and take a bath. She takes her clothes off. At this point she looks younger and nicely shaped. She looks like she's in her 20's at this point. Sure enough, she sits down in the bucket and she fits just about completely in this bucket with just her head and legs sticking out. It's not as if the bucket has enlarged or she's particularly shrunk, but somehow she just fits. So I put a flashbulb in this camera I'm carrying. It's a funny camera because there's no reflector for the flash. The bulb just goes in a socket on top of the camera. I snap a picture, but the flash bulb doesn't go off, so I figure that picture is ruined. I look around for a second flash bulb and I think how I might be able to test the second flash bulb to make sure it's good. I wonder if the battery in the camera is bad or if the flash bulb itself is bad and think about how to check it with no meter.