It started out with my being in my father-in-law's office. My father-in-law is a man in his forties, was talking to his secretary, a woman who I don't know. She's somewhere around 30. And I believe he's also telephoning somewhere in this juncture and I wasn't paying too much attention to what they said. I'm not sure what I was doing in the office as far as that goes. And he finished his telephone conversation, and eventually his secretary went home for the day. then he and I got into an argument with him being rather mad at me because I hadn't been listening to what he had been talking about with his secretary. He had been talking with her something about his steady girlfriends. I argued back at him that I thought they were talking something about the business that I neither understood or anything like that, so I just hadn't paid much attention to them. He went on to argue that he didn't have a whole bunch of steady girlfriends, but everybody had to have a few that they could go out with every once in a while. I got the impression in the dream that he didn't mean to go to sleep with them, but to go out nightclubbing with them every once in a while or something to that effect. He and I then left. We went down an elevator, somewhere between 8 and 4 stories down and got off and went out of the building. I believe we were going to go back to his home in my wife's hometown, but when we got outside the building and closed the door, for some reason he wanted to go back in the building again up to his office. But the door we just came out of was locked. So we went around to the rear of the building and there was a drop of 8 or 9 feet into a lower level where there was some construction going on right behind the building. we both jumped over the fence, holding on and then letting go and dropping down. There was a board fence too, right along the edge where we dropped down, and I followed him over the slightly muddy ground and we went in a back door. Then what happens here is somewhat confused. But we started up on the elevator and there were some confusing things I don't recall exactly of getting on and off the elevator several times, and the elevator not exactly lining up with the floor levels at which it stopped and some things of this nature. But then what happened was that I got off the elevator following my sister-in-law who is about 18. I don't know what happened to my father-in-law at this point. My sister-in-law and I were apparently making some sort of game about going up the stairs the rest of the way. I was following along a little ways behind her and she got well ahead of me and a little bit out of sight, and I became somewhat worried over this. I hurried up the stairs after her because I think at this point I began to have some fear that she committed suicide or something to that effect. So I ran upstairs and she and some other girl - and I don't know how this other girl got in the dream, except that she was some friend of my sister-in-law's and was about her age - had hung themselves. Some other people appeared again at this point. I think my father-in-law was back in here again and an unknown number of other people, and we got them down and started performing artificial respiration. I was giving my sister-in-law artificial respiration and there was a confusing thing here too about somebody said you had to take all her clothes off except her bra in order to give her artificial respiration, or perhaps somebody did it. I don't know, I'm not sure. I don't believe all her clothes were off when I was giving her artificial respiration. I gave her artificial respiration. At first I started out sitting in front of her and using part of the Holger-Nealson technique. I was just pushing on her back. I wasn't lifting her arms. Then somehow I switched over so I was sitting on her behind and pressing down on her chest and also lifting her arms from that position. A very strange way of giving artificial respiration now as I recall it, because in the proper Holger-Nealson method you sit in front of her head and lift her arms and push on her back. The older technique is just to sit on the person's behind and push on their back. Anyway, I gave her artificial respiration, and she finally revived. I was quite worried at that point in the dream and I was crying because I was afraid she was going to die, and when she finally revived, I thanked God that she came back to life again, and I hoped that there hadn't been any brain damage or anything like that. I didn't think there had. She recovered and her friend also recovered and didn't seem any the worse for it. Then I don't remember if there were any intervening events. We were in my parents-in-law's home in my wife's hometown. There was some sort of discussion going on and I was saying how I would watch Bonnie very carefully. Bonnie is my sister-in-law. I would watch her carefully so she didn't attempt anything like that again. I was thinking in the dream too of how I had talked to Bonnie a year or so ago about an attempt on her part once to commit suicide. I asked her to promise not to do anything like that again without talking to me first. I was rather disappointed that this hadn't happened in the sense that she hadn't talked to me instead of trying something like this. The discussion became a little bit more confused now, in that somehow my brother-in-law, who is about 9 or 10 years old, had also tried to commit suicide somehow. I was supposed to be watching him in some way. He wanted to go up to a little soda shop a few blocks away, and I was thinking and discussing how I would watch him while he was there to make sure he didn't get near any displays that might be put to dangerous use, such as a place where there was some hardware and some nails. This was about the end of the dream. The emotional mood was quite unpleasant. The argument with my father-in-law was unpleasant. The grief I felt over the potential suicide was quite intense in the dream. I was quite actively involved in it.