The dream centered around an unusual building. It was a yellow brick building that had a large round tower on its as well as a number of very long corridors around ground level. In one scene I recall from this dream, the building belonged to me. I was getting away from some people, not that I was afraid or anything, but that I was sort of joking with them and showing them they couldn't bother me. I ran into this building and thru some corridors and I closed some heavy iron doors behind me. One of the interesting things here is that I never actually saw the iron doors in my dream, but I pictured them. They were doors that I have thought about in the past as perhaps being effective for a bomb shelter or something like that. Big flat sheets of steel that would just drop down at the flick of a switch and block a passageway. So I sort of imagined closing several of these doors and ran up into the tower. The next scene I remember, which is still in this building, involves me being up in the tower and I'm trying to get away from some woman, about my own age, apparently because I don't want to get romantically involved with her. So I'm up in the tower and I start down in a small escalator. It's a peculiar escalator because you sit in it and the sides touch you. I ride this down a few feet and stop it. I don't exactly stop the escalator because it keeps moving, but I stay in the same position by moving up a step or just having detached a part of the escalator. There's some slot machines there. I take this one slot machine and I find a dime lying beside it and start playing it. I win and play it several times. I keep getting enough money each time to keep right on playing. Then I realize that this woman has come up into the top of the tower looking for me. So I start going down the escalator a fast as I can. I believe she starts coming down after me. Another scene I recall is that I am with some girl about my own age and we decide to run off together somewhere and have intercourse. We start running off through this same yellow brick building thru these corridors and we know we're being chased by some kind of robot or mechanical gadget that is specifically designed to prevent people from running off and making love. So we run very quickly because we know the robot can't go very fast. We put some distance between us and it. I never actually see this robot incidentally. Again it's sort of conceptualized in the dream like the iron doors were. We run around the corridor and jump thru some swinging doors into a room in the basement that's full of pipes and such things, probably part of a boiler room. We figure that if we jump, we wouldn't leave any spoor, and we crawl back among the pipes to find some space. Now the space I actually see in the dream that we end up in the dream is pretty small and crowded with pipes, but again I imagine the space to be larger. This is sort of an attempt to change the dream to a more desirable form. We then sort of act as if the space were larger, when actually I'm not experiencing the space being any larger in the dream. The robot goes on past and I suppose we go on and have intercourse.