I was flying in a plane back to the city where I go to graduate school. This was a very big airliner. In fact, it had 2 decks on it. Although I've never actually been on an airliner with 2 decks. I had a seat in the upper deck. Someone was sitting beside me on the plane, a young man about my own age. I don't know who he was. Apparently I knew him in the dream. He was going on the next trip with me after some sort of conference or something. He suggested to me that we share our hotel room since we were going to be there for several days. I had a picture in my mind of a big square terrace which was our hotel room. The floor seemed to be divided up into big rectangles. Anyway, he then went on and made some sort of statement to the effect that we would have a good time together if we shared the hotel room. I thought he was implying we would have some sort of homosexual affair, so I asked him if he meant that. He gave some vague noncommittal answer. I think I gave him some vague noncommittal answer back. Then I believe we had been sitting near the front of the upper deck and then some things happened I don't recall and we were sitting further back. Then the king of country came in thru the door  at the front of the deck and got involved in some rather petty quarrels with some of the people on the airplane. Apparently we were all his subjects. He made himself out to be something of an ass. And one of his ministers, prime minister or something, was watching thru the door, trying to tell him not to act that way. Finally he got the king out of there. Then this minister came in and made it known to us somehow that we were in pretty bad graces and that we'd better behave. None of us like the idea. I was particularly incensed at it since I don't think I felt I was a subject of this king or something. Then the incident that happened a little bit later. We started to come down for a landing somewhere. This prime minister, just to show us what would happen if we didn't behave, opened one of doors on the side of the cabin which dropped the pressure quite a few pounds which was quite unpleasant. Then he left the door ajar slightly to show us he could do it again, and we better be careful. I kind of wondered in the dream why the pressure didn't stay dropped since the door was open very slightly, but I quickly accepted the fact that it didn't. The prime minister was a fairly old man in his fifties or sixties, and he looked vaguely familiar, though I can't place him. He had a fairly light complexion, tall, partly bald. He reminds me of another grad student in psych. that I know only slightly, but it wasn't him. So then the plane finally landed. While it was landing, I called out to the prime minister that I was going to write a letter of complaint to the airlines because you just didn't treat passengers this way, and I would make it pretty hot for him and his kind and everybody Then the plane landed and we got out. Several people were running down to one of the entrances to get baggage apparently. I started to go down to the far entrance, then decided to go down the one they were running toward. This was a completely enclosed terminal incidentally. I believe I was looking around for one of the airline desks to start putting in my complaints.