I was walking down the street with a shovel in my hand to go buy some coal. I arrive at this place that sells coal. There's a man there already putting some coal in a wheelbarrow. He's shoveling it from a big pile. I think he's just loading wheelbarrows in general, so I start to put some in too. Then he tells me that wheelbarrow's for another customer. So I go ahead and fill up a wheelbarrow on my own. Then right after that I dream about seeing an airplane parked in the driveway right next to this coal company. It's a small, single-engine airplane. I climb in the cockpit and am looking a the controls. Then I recall an even earlier dream in which I am back at my high school along with a lot of other people who graduated from there. Those of us who were in the senior play and have graduated are putting on the senior play again. We had about a week's notice. There had been no rehearsals, and I hadn't even remembered to read over the script once more. We were putting on the play and many of us were having difficulty remembering our lines. At one point I lost my script and had to hunt around for it again so I'd know what my line would be. During the play I get talking about parapsychological phenomena with someone else who is in the play. This leads to a scene in the play where I and several other people, several of whom I think were in the play, but I can't remember who the rest were, were in a haunted house somewhere. We were going to spend the night there and see if we could see a ghost. We were thinking about how we would have a person placed at each door so if the ghost appeared and it was really a person, they couldn't get out of the room without being caught. Then we were painting the floor by the door with pressure-sensitive paint to which we would commute some electrons and some recording instruments so that anyone trying to walk thru the door would activate this stuff and we would have an objective record of somebody passing by, perhaps with an indication of the weight of whoever passed by. Then the next thing I recall is being at my mother's house along with my wife, and being in an argument about smoking. I was telling my mother why I didn't like my wife to smoke, and told her I had a standing arrangement with my wife that if she wanted to smoke, she had to do it not in my presence and meanwhile I would go out and get myself a mistress who didn't smoke. Then this led into the business of my going down to get a wheelbarrow full of coal. My wife was there too when I was arguing with my mother.