I was going along with a group who at this point seem to be a group of Explorer Scouts. There were a whole bunch of boys in that age range, 14, 15, 16, something like that. And 2 or 3 young men about my age who seem to be the leaders. And as we were going along, there seems to be some sort of demonstration of physics involved. There was a truck ahead of us with some people driving in it and it would swing back and forth with various objects rolling around inside and things like that, and it was demonstrating some sort of principles of physics or something. The whole trip seemed to be a camping trip. At one point we went off the paved road onto some concrete, or onto some dirt roads rather, and we left one truck. Then as I started going down with somebody in the last truck, I thought it would be a good idea to bring that last truck. So I got out and walked back a few hundred feet and got this last truck and started driving it along. Then the action kept going, but then the group was some sort of religious group, one of these minority groups that was going off to set up a new colony on its own or something to that effect. I and this older woman I know who is in her 60's, I believe -- I'll call her Mrs. C -- were the last two in the group. We were in this basement of a building which was some sort of hospital or something like that. We were going down some dirt tunnels into an old mine or cavern underneath the earth to set up our colony. Mrs. C. had to take a patient somewhere as if she were a nurse. So I waited for her. While I was waiting, I got to talking with this man who was very extraverted and loud-mouthed. Mrs. C. came back and we had a little trouble in breaking from this man and going on, but we went thru this wooden door into the tunnels. I heard this man lock it from the other side. I also locked it from the inside by putting a piece of wire thru a couple of metal eyes and twisting it together. I didn't think it was a terribly stury fastening, but it would give people the idea they shouldn't come down here. Then Mrs. C. and I went down into the tunnel. At first the tunnel was wide enough so that you could drive a truck or something, and then it became quite narrow and it was all dirt. Finally, we got down to a big cave and what we thought was way below the surface of the earth. The whole group was camped there and were going to make it its permanent home. There were some electric lights on. I was sort of curious in the dream as to where the source of electricity was. I thought perhaps there were some batteries being used now. Then we started wondering about the source of electricity in the dream. I think there were some plugs down there from the time there had been mining there, but they weren't connected anymore or something like that. I decided I would go along looking for plugs and just generally exploring. Right near the point where the tunnel came into this big room, which now seemed to have various wooden beams in it and becoming more like a big room in the house, although there was still dirt on the floor, I found a wooden shutter and I opened it and to my amazement I was looking out onto a garden beyond which I could see a stream. I was just amazed because I thought we were well under the surface of the earth. I called some others over to look at it and apparently what happened, we figured out, was that we had started up on top of a mountain and that the tunnel just led us inside a house in this town at the foot of the mountain rather than into a cavern beneath the earth. We wondered then if anyone else would come along in this house and throw us out of there. So I decided to explore further and I found another door just beyond this shutter or window opened to the garden, and I was in the hall of this house. I looked thru some doors and saw a bedroom, sitting room. Then I went out and found the front door. I opened it, trying to get a better idea of where we were, and the plate on the door said "college apartments" or something like that. I thought I heard somebody inside at this point. Not wanting to be discovered just yet, I went out the front door and closed it behind me and went around to where there were some other windows now opening on the outside of the place where our group was camped. The windows were big commercial display type windows as if this were a frozen custard stand on this part of the building. I saw our group inside and I didn't know how soon I would be able to get back inside. So I knocked on the window and asked the waiter if he could get me something to eat. I was quite hungry. He gave me something to eat and then this loud-mouthed man who had been in the earlier part of the dream appeared and started talking to me. He had his wife and children with him and he wanted something to eat. He thought this was a regular food stand and he ordered a hot dog and a pizza. The women who were inside the windows cooking for the rest of the group were flabbergasted. They didn't now how to make a pizza, but I indicated to them they ought to go ahead and do it so this man wouldn't get the idea that something strange was going on here.