I'm moving out to California or out West somewhere. I'm getting ready to take my car and all my stuff and I'm starting for my mother's home in my hometown. I have a big tractor trailer truck into which I have driven my car and apparently packed a lot of stuff in it. But it seems it's not really decided that I'm going to drive the tractor trailer or not with my other stuff in it, even though it's packed that way, because this is a topic of debate as to whether I should do that or I should just drive out in my car. I sort of feel I should be able to get everything I need in my car. I drive the tractor trailer around in a circle. I'm worried about scraping several other cars and have trouble putting on the brakes in time. But somehow I don't scrape the cars after all. Part of the business with the tractor trailer truck may have been located in a gravel pit. Next I'm out in a parking lot somewhere watching 3 young boys about my own age that I'm particularly interested in, although I don't know why, except that it seems as if I am the future of 2 of these boys. I can't explain that any further. I go up to the 3 of them who are sitting in a little Renault and 2 of them disappear as I come to a point where they could see because they're not able to tell their own future. Then somehow 2 of the boys go down to look at another car and seem to become identified with the 3rd one somehow. In fact, throughout the rest of the dream I seem to shift back and forth between being a separate character who's the future of 2 of these boys and the third boy. Anyway, they go down to the other end of the parking lot to look at the car or something, and I decide to drive their Renault down to them as a favor. By the time I get there, they're not there any more. So I start driving around looking for them, and then realize that I've completely lost them. They'll probably wonder what happened to their car. I finally realize they've gone to a hotel in another car, and I decide to go after them. I park this car and go into the hotel and then some things happen that I don't recall clearly, which I believe leads to the following incident. I'm not sure. It involved me being in a railroad station waiting for a train. I'm standing in a waiting room reading a newspaper and I hear a train whistle or the sound of the engine or something. I figure it must be my train, so I rush out of the waiting room to get to the platform early so I'll be able to get a good seat on the train. Then I think as I'm doing it, "This is the same sort of thing I do while waiting for a plane.  In that way it's a little bit silly, especially for a train, since there are so many seats on a train." Anyway, I rush out to the platform, but it turns out it's not my train after all. Actually I hear somebody on the radio give the time. I'm really a half hour early for the train at that point. So I go back to the train station. Now I think the train station turns back into the hotel situation again thru some action which I don't recall. But what happens next, I'm going back into the hotel to look for these three boys and I'm riding a bicycle. I ride in from the parking lot right into one of the corridors of the hotel and make a right turn and go up some stairs and go up to a couple of corridors which run side by side. One of these has a door closing it off now. I've seen these corridors in my last time in the hotel in the same dream. The other one has the door open, so I start down it, thinking I might get to the rooms that way, although it isn't the way we went before. There's a door at the end of it closing it off, and I find people are turning out the lights and closing their doors. Actually this is a suite of rooms rented by various businesses and the like and it's closing time for them. So I turn back and ride down the steps on my bicycle, right into the hotel, and eventually get to the room the boys are at. I have the feeling that while I'm doing this the boys may have just come into the hotel and may be going towards the room, and I'm hurrying, trying to get there before them. I find their room and go inside. I wonder how I'll appear to them. They may wonder why I went off with their car. Or they may not exactly recognize me. Somehow I pick up a rag or something and start to clean things around the room and wonder if I should pretend to be a worker in the hotel or whether they should recognize me. I think if I pretend to be a worker, they'll comment on my resemblance to my previous identity, but may not necessarily recognize me. As far as my identity goes at this point, I seem to have become a Walt Disney sort of a mouse. I seem to accept this quite naturally in the dream, although I don't think of these three boys as having become mice.