I dreamed that I and my wife were at my wife's parents' home in her hometown. I was going to take some peyote and we had a peyote plant which looked like a big orange carrot. I ate the plant directly and was rather surprised it didn't taste nauseating. It tasted pretty much like a carrot. Then I waited for some sort of effect to take place. I started getting some images and the like and feel a little bit detached. At this point one of my aunts from my hometown, a woman in her late 40's, my Aunt Hillary, got into the act somehow because she seemed to be outside waiting for effects. I was laying in bed waiting for some effects. Then I thought I may have to go to the bathroom. There was a toilet right beside the bed and I got on the toilet to defecate. My aunt walked into the room about this time. I was slightly embarrassed, but she didn't seem to be, so I got over mine. Then she went out again. When I finished, I got back in bed, still waiting for some effects. Then the next thing I recall is that I'm laying in bed again and my wife and my sister-in-law are telling me that I really had a tremendous effect. My behavior was really unusual. I don't know what they're talking about because I don't remember a thing. It  seems as if I had some very strong peyote effects, but I was totally amnesic for the whole episode. I strained my memory trying to recall what had happened, and I  just couldn't recall a thing. It was quite incredulous. I wasn't sure whether they were pulling my leg. They showed me a note I had written during the height of the peyote experience. They showed me some psychological tests of some sort I had taken then and I began to believe them. I had apparently had this thing and had complete amnesia for it. The peyote effect seems to be over. I come back home to the city where I go to graduate school  to pick up something. I'm starting to come back to my wife's hometown. I had the stuff in our car. The car seems to be a confused cross between our old car and new car which we just got a few days ago. I meet a friend of mine, another psych grad student, who knows quite a bit about cars. Eventually he and I decide to trade our cars, with me giving him an extra $50. His car is a little red convertible, a foreign sports car. I'm having difficulty learning how to drive it because a number of controls they use I just can't figure out, including a strange sort of parking brake that only works while the car is in gear, not when the car is in neutral. One time while I'm driving, the car seems to shrink down. It seems I'm driving a child's toy. I don't know how this car business eventually turns out, but I end up back in my wife's hometown. I get there and I believe my wife and I talk a little bit more about my peyote experience. I'm apparently tired or something, as my wife wants me to go to bed. I'm wearing pajamas and robe at this point. I go into the bedroom where I've had peyote, where my sister-in-law, who is about 18, is taking a nap or sleeping in the bed where I was. My wife seems to think it's alright and I should crawl in beside her and take a nap. So I start getting into bed. My sister-in-law complains cause she doesn't want to wake and move over. But I tell her to move over and she says for me not to touch her. She's naked in bed. I climb in beside her and curl around her. She sort of twitches around a little bit, but eventually gets settled. I have the urge to say I'm still under the influence of peyote and I'm not responsible for what I do, but I know that's not so, so I don't say it. I don't recall what happens after that.