I and some other people were on an inspection tour of a prison that was underground. This prison was also a factory of some sort where the prisoners worked to produce automobile parts. We were being guided around by a man whose name I think was Harry. He was the supervisor of the prison. Part of the prison seemed to be devoted to mining as there were tunnels running off on the sides, and also manufacturing. We got back from our tour of the prison and some sort of disturbance started. We were still in the prison, but in some sort of main assembly or something like that. And this disturbance which had been started by the prisoners, the prisoners took over control. There were three prisoners out by this little booth where the guards were using some telephones at this time. Normally they use the phones to call other parts of the prison. Now the guards realized they were calling outside the prison, which was against the rules. The guards couldn't stop them because by now the prisoners had taken over. The prisoners made some remarks to whoever they called outside that their plan was a success and they had taken over. Now this person Harry was apparently in with the prisoners, as was also a man in the office of the service who seemed to be the overall head of the place, the warden or S.T. Then Harry and this other man were explaining to us how actually this wasn't a prison at all, but a hideout for criminals and a place where they manufactured things for profit. For instance, these prisoners went to town every night thru secret tunnels. The only person who was really locked up was a woman who accidentally had been sent there by the state authorities. They were manufacturing some sort of objects which they sold at high prices to criminals. I don't remember exactly what they were, but I think were very high powered engines for getaway cars or something like that. The plant had been turning in quite a substantial profit, but it seemed that they would have to give it up and go away for some reason. Then this warden person went up to the surface thru a side tunnel and hid behind some bushes. It seems he had some sort of quarrel with Harry or something like that. I came up from this side tunnel, which opened up beside a blue convertible. I saw him pointing the gun at me and I told him I wasn't Harry. I ran and hid in some other bushes and he let me go. Then Harry came up and the warden shot at Harry and Harry shot back, and Harry hid behind some other bushes. Eventually Harry started dashing across the ground toward this clump of bushes where I was, but the warden shot him in the meantime. Then the warden went off. Harry was planning to get into the blue convertible when he came up, and drive off. I went over to where Harry was and a woman came up from the tunnel and ran over to me. This was my wife now, although I think she was also with the inspection party before, but with a different identity or undefined identity. I thought perhaps Harry was dead, but he wasn't quite dead. He was in a minute or so after saying something to me. So I took his gun and went after the warden. I ran round to the back, but the warden was gone by this time.