I was standing on some steps in a hall in a prison and I was a guard. This prison was in my hometown. Apparently I hadn't worked there very long or something. I was still learning a lot about the prison. There was some sort of disturbance in the cell blocks. I couldn't see the cell blocks from where I was, but I heard the alarm. Then this voice, sort of like a narrator somewhere, told about how disturbances were handled in this prison. Guards didn't use any guns, but 500 guards were ready for any disturbance. Sure enough, all these guards start coming up the stairs and going into the cell blocks. They all wore brown uniforms and they looked very tough and brutal. I was quite upset and sick at the thought of the violence that was going to take place. I could just imagine to myself these guards going in and really beating up the prisoners. This made me quite disgusted and I wanted to get out of there. All the guards finished filing into the cell block and closed the door behind them. Then four girls came up the stairs. These were all girls that looked like they were in their late teens. One of them seemed to be in charge of the other three, leading them up so they could register so they could become prisoners or something of that effect. They acted rather dopey as they came up the stairs. It took a long while for them to get up. The chair I was sitting in sort of blocked the stairs partly and they all had to squeeze by me. As the last one squeezed by me, she sort of flirted with me by rubbing against me as she went by. Then the three of them went into an office upstairs. In the next part of the dream I was now a prisoner. Another prisoner and I had planned to escape from this same prison. We hid inside a cell which we fixed so it wouldn't actually lock. Some guards and other prisoners went by. I then slipped out and went upstairs to the very top floor of the prison. There was a very large clock in this prison which could be seen from the outside with a very big pendulum on it. This other prisoner and I each got into the pendulum. The way we did it, there were two tubes running down each side of this pendulum and we each slipped down one of these and hid down at the bottom of the tube. Then we moved around a little bit so that the pendulum broke at the top so that the clock stopped working. Our plan was that someone would come in to fix it and take the pendulum out of the prison. Then we would come out of the pendulum and be escaped. A couple of old women came up and noticed that the pendulum was broken and called in a repair man. The repair man came up and noticed that the pendulum had to be taken out of the prison to be fixed and had it carried down several flights in preparation for taking it out. But some sort of complication ensued now so that it became doubtful that the pendulum would be taken out that night or even at all. Also the other prisoner who was escaping with me, although I couldn't see him from where I was hidden in the pendulum, it seemed that he died. I thought that I would be responsible for death and be accused of murder, although I didn't see why. If I was caught, I would be in prison for the rest of my life now. I get out of the pendulum and look around, and there are a lot of people milling around. They seem to be visitors who have come to look at the prison or some kind of convention, people who are going to stay overnight in the guest rooms or something like that. I don't recall too much of these scenes and persuade him to take it out right away in order to get it fixed. I was pretty desperate to escape then. Emotionally, I'm somewhat upset. I don't recall how it comes out.