My wife and I were walking up a path to a house we had in the country. It wasn't too far in the country, but there was plenty of distance to other houses. She asked me to pick up some of the twigs and stuff that were lying on the ground to use as kindling that winter for our fire. I groaned a little bit for having to pick them up, but I did and carried them on and then tossed them on a woodpile in back of the house. Then I was out in front of the house again on the path leading up to it. It seems as though I had two or three young sons. By young I mean 7 or 10, something like that, years of age. One of them, standing part way up the path between me and the road, called to me that the one down by the road wanted my attention. I didn't pay attention at first, finally I got the impression it was fairly urgent, so I ran down to see what the son down by the road wanted. He showed me his leg or something like that and indicated that a little boy in school had hit him with his bicycle or something like that. This other little boy was our neighbor's child and he came riding up and I stopped him and asked what had been going on and told them they shouldn't play like that, and told my neighbor's boy he couldn't play with my boy for the rest of the day. So the neighbor's boy went on home next door. Now -- and I don't recall this part too clearly -- it seems as though my wife and I came out of the house or something like that, out to the middle of the big yard. Out on the side a ways from the house there was a very thick hedge and I became aware that there was something watching us thru the hedge. I went over there and going away was a robot that had been watching us. I didn't actually see the robot, but I decided in the dream that it was a robot and I was trying to picture it. I never actually saw it. Then in the next part of the dream, as I recall, I saw my next door neighbor walking into his back yard and I called to him. And I called to him quite a number of times. His first name was Tom and I don't' recall his last name, but I called him by his first name and his last name, and he ignored me completely. Finally, when I did manage to get his attention, he made some remarks as if I wasn't there. He made some comment on the weather or something. He went on in his back yard and I couldn't understand what was happening. So I went around to his front door and his wife was just coming outside, and I called to her. I asked her if she didn't know me, that I was her neighbor. She said she didn't know me at all. I became quite frustrated and quite puzzled and upset, and told her I was sorry I didn't know what was the matter and went back on to my house.