I was taking a canoe trip in the wild parts of Canada with two other people, Leonard and George , Leonard being a man of about 35 or 40 with whom I did take a couple of canoe trips in Canada a number of years ago when I was in the Explorer Scouts, and George being a friend of mine from high school, about the same age as me, although I haven't seen him in a number of years. In the first part of this trip we were climbing a small mountain, just Leonard and I were climbing it. George didn't want to climb because it was a very dangerous climb where one of us would have to grab onto some handholds and then the other person would have to climb over the person and grab on himself and so on, continuously climbing over each other in order to get up. I remember being at one place trying to get some handholds that were sturdy and not being able to for several minutes. I was slipping, but I finally grabbed on and Leonard climbed on up over me and then he was at the top, and I climbed up with him and we sat on the top of this mountain, which was a pretty sharp point with just a couple of places that we could straddle. We looked around over the lakes below and mountains off in the distance. Then we climbed back down, which seemed to take place very quickly. The three of us were sort of planning our trip, looking at some maps of the area. Leonard was showing us where we were now and where we would be going. I had some topographical maps of my own which I pulled out of my pocket, or rather out of my knapsack, and I was marking down where we were with some numbers to locate where our next designation would be. Just a comment here: these maps remind me very much of a map I looked at yesterday in a state park we were in. So I was kind of worried a little bit with George being on the trip because I thought he had never been canoeing before to speak of, and this was going to be a pretty rough trip. And I wasn't sure he would be able to take this continuous paddling all the time. Then with us actually starting on our trip, it seems that instead of getting into some canoes, we were on a platform and we got on a train that was our own train. My recall of things gets rather hazy at this point, but it seems we had gotten off the train again without having gone anywhere on it. The three of us went to the bathroom in the basement of this building, which seems to be a college building. Then we came back up and got on the train again. Then somehow there were some Chinese people, or somebody like Chiang Kai Shek or something, involved in the dream and maybe some spies or something, and I really don't recall just what happened.