My dream centered around a woman who was somewhat about my own age and looked something like my wife, although it wasn't her directly in the dream. She was in an apartment and was worried about her husband. She was afraid of her husband because she was afraid somebody was going to come and kill her or do something terrible to her. She wasn't sure whether that somebody was a stranger or her husband, because I don't know how else I got in there in which the husband tells her she has to make a trip abroad right away. The wife doesn't want him to go. She's in something of a quandary because she's afraid for him to go and afraid for him to stay. But he says he has to go because he has to spend some traveler's checks, although he only has a single $10 traveler's check. He goes. Then I get into the dream in my own identity somehow. I'm staying in the apartment with the woman to try and protect her. At this point there is no doubt that it's her husband who is going to try and get her. I am lying in bed with this woman naked and petting although we don't actually have intercourse. I become aware that a window has a piece of glass at a 45 degree angle so that anybody standing directly could keep track of her. Then apparently we hear noises or something because we get some pistols and look around to make sure no one is there. Then there was a some action I don't exactly remember. Then I'm outside and it's a house in the country now. She's apparently still up in the apartment on the third floor or higher. Some of the peasants or servants come running up. This is apparently quite an estate, although at times it reminded me of a house my aunt and uncle used to live in, in the country, which wasn't an estate by any means, and they used to live there by themselves. Anyway, the servants come running up to announce that their master is dead. They give me his body and his body seems to be a few pieces of soggy toast and rock and pebbles, all of which are in a brown paper bag. I decide I'm really going to have to make sure he's dead because he seemed to be such an evil person, he may be a vampire or something like that. I think that I'll get the servants to dig a grave and I'll bury him and put a stake thru his heart. Then I figure that might not be good enough because somebody might pull the stake out someday. So I decide to cremate him. I decide not to do it right there because there are some trees and the fire might start the trees on fire. I tell the servants to gather wood and follow me and I go around the back of the house and out in back of the garages and see what seems to be a cleared area in which I can start this fire. There were some benches there and a table and things like for holding a movie projector cause it now seems that movies are shown here every once in a while to kids. So I go around the front here and suddenly a kid sitting on a bench warns me that I'm falling into the lake and sure enough, this ground was I was going to build the fire on is actually very soggy mud that turns into this dark green water. I slip and fall into the lake and grab out for the hands of a couple of these kids so I won't slip in further. One of them gives me his hand, but my hand slips from it. The other one doesn't give me his hand, which I think shows some malice on his part because if he would have thought a little quicker, he could have. Then I have to swim out of it and somebody helped pull me out. I figure to go on looking for a place to start the cremation because I think the fire from the cremation will dry me out. I don't know what happened to my paper bag with the body in it at this time. I see another little cleared spot, a little further down. Then I notice this automobile sitting there and this automobile is being controlled by this evil dead man who doesn't want to be cremated. Even though there's no driver in the auto, it starts up and comes after me. I keep dodging behind trees so it can't get me and I throw a rock at the windshield, which cracks slightly, but it occurs to me that won't do any good because if there's nobody driving it, I can't blind him. Then I duck behind this big white Cadillac or limousine in order to avoid this car. This man in military uniform comes walking by, and he and I get into some sort of an argument, and I have the paper bag again because I hit this man in the head with it. He's wearing a red helmet and I hit him several times. Then a couple of American soldiers come up chasing this man also. It turns out that this man is Mussolini, and the setting seems to be in Italy now. Then the American soldiers and I try to figure out what each other is doing here. Then we talk and decide we're on parallel time tracks or that I'm a little bit in the future and have come back now or something like that. I convince them that they should let me have Mussolini because, according to history, he was killed by some partisans. So they decide to let me have him and I'm dragging him off and they're walking along beside me talking and our paths start to diverge. We start walking away at a slight angle to each other and all of a sudden we can't talk any more and the soldiers have turned into a couple of girls. The divergence keeps going on and they disappear. I'm hading back toward the place where the servants have gotten together the materials for a fire now, and I don't know whether I have Mussolini with me or just the bag. During the discussion with the soldiers, I think I pointed out that the bag contained the ashes of Mussolini since he had already been burnt.