I was a prisoner in some sort of fortress or castle. I don't know where or when it was. In some ways things were rather primitive and in some ways they were rather modern. The person who held me prisoner was sort of a war lord of this castle. There was someone else in my cell with me, a friend of mine, but I don't know who he was or what he looked like or anything. I can't recall that. We were seeking some way to escape and we knew we'd need help from the people who lived outside the castle. There were two groups of these people. One was a bunch of peasants who lived around and farmed, I guess. The other was a group of nomads, sort of Arabs, who lived in a little fortress of their own up on the next hill. But each of these groups was afraid of the war lord and his powers because of the fighting he had had. In our cell there was a bucket full of bottles of various kinds of pills. I found that some of these pills were tranquilizers and some were stimulants. So I conceived the idea that I could give the Arabs and the peasants stimulants and slip tranquilizers to the fighting men of the war lord and be able to defeat them about that way. While I thought of this scheme, somebody came around looking around for a particular kind of medicine, some agent of the war lord, and I went to the bucket and got what he wanted for him so he wouldn't notice the stimulants and tranquilizers in there. In the next part of the dream that I recall we, my friend and I in the cell, seem to have persuaded the peasants and the Arabs to fight against the war lord. We were on top of a cliff outside of the castle, not exactly a cliff, but a very steep hill made up of loose dirt, and we had gotten a lot of stones together at the top to hurl down on the war lord's armies when they come. I guess the stimulants and the tranquilizers had been distributed. The war lord's armies get into sight and some of them get below the cliff and we start to hurl rocks down on them, everything from large rocks to hands full of gravel. At one point I'm part way down the face of the hill throwing rocks and stuff down when I start slipping because the dirt is so loose.  I call for someone to toss me a rope down so I can get back up. I believe somebody does throw a rope or perhaps I only imagine it in my dream, but I don't quite catch it, so I slide on down to the bottom of the hill. Well, at this point, I imagine in the dream that I should have to fight to avoid being taken prisoner by the war lord's armies. So in my imagination I get a sword and cut down thru the war lord's armies. So in my imagination I get a sword and cut down thru the war lord's men and escape back up the cliff, but I don't exactly see these men. I see sort of a diagram that's got a bunch of points on it connected by a line. It reminds me of graphs I've been drawing lately for my thesis. So I cut out two of these points and this represents the fact that I've cut out two men in the army and then I climb back up the cliff at a different point where it's not quite so steep. We continue throwing rocks down, but the enemy army does get up to the top of the cliff at one point and here's where the Arabs come in. They race back and forth along the top of the cliff pushing off the enemy army in waves as they come up each time the Arabs race back and forth along the edge. I don't exactly see the Arabs racing on horses along the edge of the cliff. What I see in my dream is bookcases and piles of books along the edge of the cliff and I and some others are walking along pushing off books off the edge of the cliff. Some of my own books from my office are there. The enemy is trying to push these down, but they're big, heavy books and they don't push over easily. I think in the dream that the war lord's men will be surprised because they didn't think that we had such heavy books. Finally, the war lord's army is defeated. We apparently dropped stones on enough of them and pushed enough of them over so that most of his power is broken and we've won the battle. At this point I rejoin my comrade from the cell who was fighting on the other side of the hill where the peasants were. He shows me what he has captured. It seems that there was a shack alongside of the cliff and it was very tall and practically came up to where he was. Some of the war lord's men had gone in there to try and get up the cliff and it was a natural trap for them because they threw stones, oh, it must have been an open window or the upper part of the roof or something. I can't recall clearly now, but either they left a boat in there or they left a pile of weapons in there or something like that. So my friend had captured all of them now, all of these weapons or the boat or whatever it was. I believe there was a lake next to the shack so a boat would be appropriate. Then we were inside somewhere and I wanted to make a phone call. At this point I realized in the dream that I was an agent from earth and that this was another planet. I had accomplished a mission and I had to call in and report. So I picked up on old telephone and gave the operator the number. Something like 5217 or 5214, something like that, and told her to crank her ringer if she had to crank her ringer to get it. I thought about how this would actually put me in touch with a relay station, which via radio or something like that, would enable me to contact my superiors back on earth. I thought how cleverly disguised our relay station was so that even when the operator rang it would sound like an old-fashioned wheezy telephone bell.