I was out at a house in the country which belonged to my Aunt Hillary and Uncle Edgar. Actually they sold this house years ago, but this is where I was. They had a new garage that I wanted to do something to. I had brought something along to fix up their garage or something. So I went in the old garage to look around for some screws or nails or something that I needed. The old garage was funny because when I opened the door I had to get down on my hands and knees to crawl thru a space that was only about four feet, which had sort of a cloth roof on top of it. I went in for a couple of feet that way in and then you were in the garage. My Uncle Edgar saw me going in and I told him I was looking for whatever it was I needed to help fix the new garage. He apparently thought it was a good idea. Then he and I were climbing around on the new garage which seemed to shift from being a garage to being a chicken coop or something like that throughout the rest of the dream. It was mechanically unsteady. It tended to shake a bit from side to side, and we were up on the roof noticing how much it shook. I suggested that we nail a couple of boards on diagonally to steady it. So we went inside the new garage and looked around for some boards and finally found a couple of long ones we could use. We also wanted to get some short ones for some reason, and we found a couple, but they were rough. So Edgar had this big power saw inside their garage and we used that to cut the board. We had to set it to the right aperture and everything. It was really an amazingly big saw. It was a big rectangular thing about 6 ft. long and a couple of ft. thick and 4 or 5 ft. high. There was somebody else in the dream at this point helping us saw - a young boy - I don't know what age or who he was or anything. From this point on several children and young boys gradually started taking part in the dream. The dream then got involved with us finding some gold in the garage. People getting greedy for it and all sorts of people being involved. Finally I gave away my gold just to cut down the confusion or the greed or something, although I had a little bit cached away somewhere.