My dream takes place in a big building which reminds me of the high school I went to. I'm taking somebody into court to sue them about something. I'm not sure what this something is, but it's a combination which shifts back and forth between something having to do with my car and something to do with my thesis data or something like that. The person I'm going to sue is apparently a friend of mine. His identity seems to shift back and forth between Dan Weld, a graduate student friend of mine about my age, and somebody else who I'm not sure who he is. While we're waiting for the trial, Dan and I or this other person -- I'll call him Lannie, although his identity isn't quite clear -- are going along upstairs in this building collecting grade reports or various letters from the teachers. We seem to pick these things up and put them in a little cart that runs along on a little wire up in the air, just a little thing, not more than a foot long at the most. This isn't too clear. Then Dan goes off for some reason, and I believe some friend of his keeps on with the job of picking up letters. In about 5 minutes I thought we had better go down because I thought the trial would be starting. So in a few minutes I go down to the courtroom, which is in the same building, and just as I reach the door, I hear the judge say something to the effect that since the plaintiff, that is me, didn't show up, that the whole thing was a mistrial. All these people come out of the door. Apparently all sorts of my friends were there. They were waiting to see this trial, and were disappointed I didn't show up. I'm both angry and disappointed because I had no idea that the trial was scheduled for earlier - for 9 in the morning, I think - I was coming around 9:30. So I wander around the halls with these various people, trying to find some of my friends or the judge or somebody to find out exactly what happened. I can't seem to find the judge. This theory gradually develops in my mind. I picked up an attitude from the various bits of information I gathered from these people milling around the halls, that my opponent in this case had planned this. He gave me the impression that the trial wasn't until later in the morning by working along with me upstairs. Meantime, a friend of his stayed there in the courtroom giving his side of the case, telling some lies about me, and filling up the time. Then he slipped away at the last minute while I was still collecting these grades, and went down to the courtroom and the judge declared it a mistrial since I hadn't shown up. I was going to go out of the building thru the front doors when I saw this guy who had taken up the time in court while I was upstairs. He admitted to be a fellow I had disliked in high school, and I have given him a rather vengeful glare and he laughed or said something. I called him a liar and I was kind of hoping he would get mad and want to fight or something, but he just went on by. So I went on out the building and I was looking for the judge's office. I looked around the buildings where I thought it was in the city where I go to graduate school , but I couldn't locate it, so I thought it was in the basement of the police station, or at least when I initially went to see him I had seen him in the basement of the police station. I went into the basement of the police station and just before I went in, there was a little box outside on the ground, a tall, thin box containing a bunch of rods, each of which at the top was a marker on indicating how some trial went. There was one there indicating that my case was a mistrial. So I went on in, and you were supposed to ask a policeman sitting at the desk there, or tell him your business or something, and there wasn't anyone there at the moment. So I waited a minute and then I knocked at another door leading on in the police station. Someone finally came, a policeman and a woman. The woman was apparently a secretary there or something like that, both of them somewhere between 20 and 30, I guess. I told them I wanted to see the judge, and they said he wasn't there right now. They weren't sure when he would be in. The woman turned out to be a friend of mine, but I can't think of who she was. I told them my theory about how I had been tricked into missing the trial. I believe that's the end of it. Another detail of it I recall was that this person in the courtroom who told all sorts of lies and things apparently talked about rapid eye movements and EEG stages and things like that too, said things about it which were just plain wrong. I thought that even though there were people in the audience who knew he was wrong, they couldn't testify or anything like that. At the end of the dream when I finish telling the girl and the policeman about my suspicions about how the trial came off, Dan came into the dream and I think I told him my suspicions. At this point, as Dan, he became differentiated from my opponent. He added something to the effect that some big cement factory or something like that across the river, during the trial, whistled several times.