I was in Russia on some sort of government mission along with a number of other people. I don't recall how many. We were talking to Khrushchev and other Russian officials about world peace. Khrushchev spoke excellent English. We went back to the United States and made some reports and Khrushchev was due to come over for a conference with President Kennedy. I was telling Kennedy how Khrushchev spoke excellent English, and he was sort of disappointed because he spoke excellent Russian and he wanted a chance to speak it at the conference. I also told him that Khrushchev seemed to want peace, and yet he really wasn't doing anything to get peace, but rather engaging in military buildups and the like. Khrushchev and his party arrived and the meeting seemed to be held in a tavern or something like that. There were booths along the wall and tables and Khrushchev was sitting up at one end of the room and I was sitting down at the far end talking with Kennedy. Kennedy asked Khrushchev something about why he had pounded his shoe at the U.N. and Khrushchev obligingly took off his shoe and pounded it on the table and made some sort of reply which I don't recall. Kennedy then put on some sort of a robe. I guess that's the best description of it. It looked like it was made out of a thousand mops. It included some kind of headdress. It looked like some wild sort of Russian dressed in fur, but the fur looked more like mops and he went over to Khrushchev and put down five glasses on the floor, arranged in a square with one in the center. He had Khrushchev stand up on the last two glasses and told him to step over onto the other two, and Khrushchev stepped on the center glass, then on the other two. Then Kennedy stepped on two of the glasses, then right onto the other two without using the center one. He told Khrushchev that was the trouble with him; he wasn't very brave or something because he stepped on the center glass. By this time Khrushchev also seemed to have one of those mop-like robes on, in numerous colors incidentally, and then they started dancing around each other, then they grabbed each other and started wrestling. Finally I believe Kennedy got Khrushchev down and I and some of the other unknown people were thinking that this might be a good way to settle world peace. Let the two most important people fight it out here and now. Then Khrushchev was hurt and he was going to be flown back to Russia to get some medical attention. At this point in the dream there were some sudden shifts. It seems that now some sort of Russian pilot was hurt and had to be taken back to Russia, and I and some other people were driving him back in a car. Other people have already been driven back to Russia in other cars and I was sitting in the back while we were driving back to Russia, except now the setting was in my hometown and we were driving toward the countryside. Once again the dream suddenly changed so that now I was riding a bicycle along some back country roads. I'm not sure now, but I seem to be 14 or 15, something like that, and the place I was going to was a Boy Scout camp I went to as a youngster, and I was riding along on my bicycle and also trying to hitchhike cause I was holding out my thumb to cars passing by cause I knew that I had about 75 miles to go and it would take me a long time to ride there on my bicycle. I went thru some crossroads in a small town and the road seemed quite familiar here. As I went on beyond this, the road I was on turned into a dirt track. I knew I was lost because I had gotten off the road, so I turned back around and came on to some people on the road and asked them, I believe, where Route 54 went, and the people told me to just pedal along and I would see it on my right. So I got on it and kept going along it and I came to a place where the road split into the regular route and the scenic route and I took the scenic route. This was all very similar to places I have been to before actually. Now I came to a spot where a ferry went across the river and somehow I had driven my bicycle right up onto the ferry, and I have been on this ferry in a dream before, but I am certain there is nothing correspondent in reality anywhere. First I wanted to get off the ferry because I didn't have any fare, but it was too late as it was already starting out. The ferry got halfway across and stopped in midstream while the stewardess, a woman just like the airline stewardess, collected the fare from the passengers. When she came to me, I had taken my wallet out and I told her I didn't have a car and she said there wouldn't be any fare for me. I put my wallet back and I didn't seem to have much money anyway, except maybe for a couple of dollars. The ferry went on across the river and docked on the other side. I rode my bicycle down the ramp and started riding up out of the place and found I really wasn't on the road, but I was on a dirt track. Right directly to my left there was a woman pushing a baby stroller up another dirt road and that was really the right road out of the place as it turned out, but it was a very steep road and I wondered how many cars could get up it. It was extremely steep. I went on up and was pulling on my bicycle to bring it on up with me. There was a little boy ahead of me who started slipping some and fell back into me and I caught him and then he climbed on up. Then the last stretch of the road I was climbing up there was a mattress that was placed at a very high angle and I reached up and grabbed the top of it and pulled myself over. The bicycle seemed to have disappeared by now and as I pulled the mattress back, there was a machete in a sheath underneath the mattress, and I remember that I had hid that machete there the last time I had been there, a year or two ago. And it had my name on it, except my name was Leonard something or other. So I picked up my machete and I also had a sheath knife with me now, and climbed over a sill which was right in front of me now and into the office of this place and went over to the drinking fountain to get a drink of water. Somebody spread the rumor that the machete I was carrying belonged to somebody whose name started with an R and had been stolen. So somebody saw me with the machete and thought I had stolen it, but I told them that was ridiculous because my name was obviously on here. It wasn't the name of the person from whom the machete had been stolen. This is about all I recall. Quite a number of elements in this dream are related to things we did and talked about last night, including the route number 54. We were on a Route 55 last night. The costume of Khrushchev and Kennedy, the mop-like thing, we talked about someone who was dressed in a robe and turban-like affair and several other minor things like this.