The dream starts out in my hometown. It seems as though I am acting as an agent of a friend of mine from high school, Tommy Darcy, who I haven't seen since I graduated from high school. He wants me to buy some sort of painting for him, a very valuable work of art. I go down to a nearby big city to buy this painting for him, and I don't recall whether I actually get it or not. But I'm going back to my hometown and somewhere in the process I've met this girl. I don't know who she is, but I seem to know her in the dream. She and I are going to go back to my hometown together. It seems there has been some kind of train strike or something that, while there are plenty of trains into the city that day, there's only room for 400 people or something like that going to my hometown. So we're going to have difficulty getting back. Finally I manage to get one seat on the train and she gets on the train with me and sits on my lap in the seat, having intercourse with me. I decide in the dream that something like this has to happen in private, so then it turns into the fact that I've got a private compartment on the train that has only one seat on it and I can just put my ticket thru a little slot in the door so the conductor doesn't have to open the door to get my ticket. Well, we're coming in close toward my hometown and for some reason the conductor does find out that we're having intercourse and so he calls out over the public address system that we're just about in my hometown and pages me to come see him in his compartment. I went in to see him, leaving this girl in my compartment. He tells me that I'll have to get off the train. We're really still several minutes' journey from my hometown on the train. So he makes me get off the train along with my suitcase, and some other conductor has also made the girl get off at this point. We're at this tiny little station which is barely more than a platform, just surrounded by fields and woods. The girl and I start out into the woods together, and we're being followed by a couple of plain clothes policemen or investigators of some sort who have some connection with the train. I want to go right into the woods and run to try and get away from them, but the girl wants to get a drink of water first. We run over to this big puddle, this hole in the ground with some mud and water in the bottom, and she puts her hand in and gets a bit of very muddy water to drink. I don't know if she actually drinks it or not. At this point the two investigators come running after us, but they fall down in the mud. So this is our opportunity to get away. So we run on up a hill out into the woods along a little path, and we get several minutes' lead on the investigators before they finally get out of the mud hole. I get the idea that I can divert the investigators because we come to a place where the path forks and we take the one that goes uphill, and as we get a little ways, I throw my suitcase down onto the lower path or I may just throw some clothes from my suitcase as though my suitcase opened accidentally. I don't know. And sure enough , it does work cause they go off on the lower path. We go on ours. Now there's an incident which I'm not sure whether it happened her or whether it happened after this dream. I think it happened after this dream, so I'm going to wait on it. So we go on into the woods and the path we're on peters out. We finally just go off into the woods itself. It becomes dark out and we don't know where we are, but finally we come to a strange little house in the woods. We go on inside and call out to find out if anyone is there. It's light inside and finally there's a little old woman there who looks rather pleasant, although I have thoughts in the dream that maybe she's a witch, and the whole situation kind of reminds me of Hansel and Gretel and the witch's cabin out in the woods. We ask her if we can stay thru the night since we're lost and she says we can. She shows us a bedroom which has a double bed and a couple of single beds in it. She looks at us and says we do do it, don't we, and we'll have to have the double bed. Both the girl and I are somewhat glad since we both would like to have intercourse again that night. The old woman offers us supper, and she's getting ready to prepare some and this big teenage boy comes up out of the basement and he's a guest of the old woman's son, or her ward, or her something. I'm not sure. He doesn't particularly like the girl and I being there. But then he wanders off again. I have to urinate in the dream and there's a toilet right in the room with the kitchen and I start walking toward it and the old woman says no, I should use the one in the basement. So I go down the steps into the basement, and I urinate in the bathroom down there. I think that this big teenage boy who seemed stupid in ways appeared again, but I don't remember what happened in the rest of this dream. This other incident which I guess occurred after this happened like so, or maybe it occurred before. But anyway, I was walking thru the streets of my hometown and I was at the corner of Front and Broad Streets and I looked down the street at the next cross street, which would be Front and Mercer St. I saw some men run across the intersection. First one man would run across, then another man, and there was a whole bunch of Negro men running along chasing too. I thought they must be chasing the first one. Then I went on down Front St. About half way down I met these two girls. I was going someplace definite and didn't want to be bothered with them, but they started flirting with me. Although there were two of them, only one of them seemed to matter here and the other eventually sort of faded out. She started flirting with me and wanted to go with me. I don't know why. I think she wanted to go to the same place I did. As she was flirting with me, hugging me, rubbing up against me, this truck raced by full of money and men who just robbed a bank. A few seconds later another one went by after it, and then some other cars and police cars in pursuit. They went off around the block and the girl and I went on up around the corner trying to see what would happen to them. We had found that both the trucks had crashed or had been caught up with and turned over. There were police around in plain clothes uniforms maybe guarding the money from the trucks and the like. We stood there looking at them, and the police in charge of the crowd were moving it back. They moved us both back some and then somehow it occurred to me that the girl looked like she was with me. She wouldn't get moved back quite so far, so I kept my arms around her, and next time they moved the crowd back, they let us stay a little further ahead. Then I think this did happen before the other dream. Then at this point we got involved in being on the train and going back to my hometown or something like that.