This other fellow and I were worrying that we're going to have our money stolen or something like that. This other fellow was a couple of years younger than me and reminded me of an old friend. We were outside a theater. The group that was going to take our money was headed by a mechanic named Edward S. We had invested in the film or in the theater or something like that, and during this special film that was going to be shown, this group headed by Edward was going to take our money. We didn't have any legal recourse so my friend and I drove out to the garage of Edward S. It turned out to be located in a big lot located on the outskirts of town and was sort of a combination garage and (something else). We drove in and sort of walked around the place looking at things and walked over to a phone booth there. I don't know if we were acting as if we were making a telephone call or actually made one. The only other person out there was this teenage boy who worked for Everett, and he became a little suspicious of what we were doing, even though we were trying to look innocent. He put in a telephone call to Everett S. Then I think my friend and I got into the gas station and took it over somehow. The teenage boy fled apparently, or was just gone. We were doing something we wanted to get done before Edward and his gang got back. I can't recall what it was we were doing. Finally Everett and his gang did get back. Everett was outside the window somewhere with sort of a ray gun in his hand. It was a gun that fired beams of coherent light, sort of a laser gun. One of his cohorts was down at the end of the lot with a much more powerful ray gun mounted on a tripod. We could easily keep from getting hit if we kept from getting in front of the window at certain angles. Then they would fire a shot in every once in a while and we would shoot our ray guns like they had. The nature of the place we were at seemed to change somewhat. It didn't seem to be a garage anymore, but rather to be some sort of a power station that generated a tremendous amount of power. It wasn't exactly electricity, but it was something similar to electricity generated. The fact that we had taken it over now had cut down the power available to the outside. Some of the power dripped off on the inside. It was sort of a brownish liquid and we caught it in a bucket and we used it to recharge our ray guns. At one point Everett S. came pretty close to the window and I managed to burn him several times on the face with my ray gun. Then it seems we had been trapped in this place for a very long time, something on the order of days or weeks. The rest of the world knew about our situation, but mainly were indifferent to us, even though we thought we were in the right. Finally, the dream seems taking place in England and these people in England were in a power station similar to ours, a group of men who represented the government or something like that, and they decided that a great injustice was being done us and we would eventually be killed if nobody helped us, and they were going to send an expedition over to help us. They sent out a busload of troops with ray guns or something like that. Then this vision disappeared and I was back in the gas station with Bobby again still defending ourselves. We noticed that power was now flowing into the station, and we hadn't been able to charge our ray guns too well lately because there wasn't enough power available. Now power was flowing in, but we didn't know that these people from England were sending us power while their expedition was on the way there, but we used it to recharge our ray guns. There was some sort of confusion outside which was being caused by the arrival of the expedition, but we didn't know this. But we thought we'd take advantage of the confusion to slip away and so we got out of the station and climbed into a sports car we found outside and drove away. We drove thru several blocks in the city and a couple of times we noticed a big bus behind us which part of me in the dream knew was the expedition from England, but the rest of me and Bobby and one other companion we picked up, I don't know how or who he was, thought it was Everett's gang coming after us, so we did the best to lose the bus behind us. We drove out to the airport and we got in line where they were loading or something like that and the stewardess was checking tickets. And we had tickets, which kind of surprised me. We must have bought them a long time ago in case there was any emergency. My two companions went thru the line and each of them paid the stewardess a dime for a little tray of food. I didn't care for the food that much to want to bother to get my wallet out and pay her, but she wanted to give it to me. Finally she gave me a tray of food and 15 cents change, even though I hadn't given her any money, with the insistence that I take it and eat it, so I did. She seemed European incidentally, this stewardess. My two comrades and I sat down at this table to eat this food, and we're all wearing uniforms, sort of like pilot uniforms, and I noticed that these uniforms were actually made of a substance that was both bullet proof and absorbed the rays from ray guns while protecting us. The buttons contained hidden ray guns and the cap did and the insignia did. So actually we were well armed, but nobody would know it unless we used the things.