My dream starts out with me being in the back of a sedan being driven by some teenager I didn't know. Several other teenagers were in the car and we were in some kind of a race on a track speeding around, and I was reading something at the same time. There was a good reason that I was in this car, but I don't recall that part of the dream that had the reason in it. I was kind of worried by speeding around like this, but I finally decided that the boy driving seemed to be pretty good and he knew what he was doing and we weren't skidding around or anything, so I just let him go on. Then this part of the dream made a transition by an action I don't recall into a part where there had been a group of humanoid aliens living here on earth. They were indistinguishable from humans in their appearance and they had been found out or such like that, so they had to leave earth. It wasn't any good for them to stay here anymore. They were getting ready to leave and were in their spaceship, all except for one girl who was finishing a last minute inspection or closing up the ports or something like that. I apparently knew this girl from an earlier part of the dream and I went up to say goodbye to her, I think, so I started going into this open port where she was in order to say goodbye, and then the dream changed such that going into this port, I was sticking my penis into her vagina from a rear entry position and this surprised me in the dream, the sudden change, and apparently surprised the girl too, both quite pleasantly and so she rolled over into the conventional position and yet somehow she was still the spaceship in a way. So her rolling over so we could get into a normal front entry position upset everything in the spaceship. It turned people over and rolled loose objects around and everything. Also, my penis inside her vagina sort of symbolically, well actually, pushing around objects inside the spaceship somehow. Then I don't recall whether we stopped having intercourse or whether we went on and had intercourse. Then because she had done this and upset the take-off plans or something, she was locked out of the spaceship, but she didn't know this. The people inside the spaceship, who now acquired a mechanical machine-like aspect, were treating her as sort of expendable portion of the machine and she was going about her tasks of getting the spaceship ready for flight, then couldn't get back in because the ports were locked. The dream scene shifted now so that I was home or whatever home was. This wasn't clearly defined, but it was someplace also from where the spaceship was. I sort of learned that the girl was locked out of the spaceship, so I was going to try and get over there and rescue her because if she was left like she was when the spaceship took off, she would be killed. Then it seems as if I intend to fly over to where the spaceship is. The spaceship is near a fair ground, incidentally. Then there appears what seems to be a comical interlude because I see this little red airplane taking off. There are a couple of ducks in the cockpit, although they're both sitting behind the pilot's seat. The male duck is behind the female duck, who is his girlfriend. Actually they're more like woodpeckers, kind of looked like Woody Woodpecker and his girlfriend. They're starting to fly without the canopy down and he closes the canopy down, but he closes it on her beak, so he opens it again. And while they're going thru this nonsensical action, a hole appears further back in the fuselage and an Indian sticks his head up and this is the last I recall of this comic interlude. It seemed quite funny in the dream. Then I'm in this car that I was in earlier in the dream with this teenage boy and we're racing along to the fairgrounds in this car. My worries seem to have shifted because now we seem to be trying to rescue my sister-in-law rather than worrying about this girl from this spaceship, which is forgotten about completely at this point. So we turn off the paved road onto this little dirt road which leads onto the fairgrounds. After going a little ways on this, there's a little house on the right with a couple of minor buildings connected to it and we stop here and the driver and I go into the house. The driver has now turned into the county sheriff. We walk into one of the first rooms and this very tall, husky man whose head is somewhat bald is sitting there and we sort of know that this man has murdered all sorts of people. And so the sheriff tells him he's under arrest and I sort of watch these whole proceedings. And the guy doesn't seem to resist or anything like that, but he gets up and starts taking us and a number of undefined others, who have come with us, around the grounds there, showing us where he supposedly has graves of his victims. The sheriff has a pistol that he's ready to shoot the man with if he tries to escape, and I've got a piece of chain in one hand and some kind of scrap iron in the other that I intend to hit the guy with if he tries to escape. So he takes us around inside and outside showing us these graves that you can't actually tell from the surface whether he's killed anybody or not, and he is just calmly describing these things. And finally he does escape from us somehow and we're running around thru the buildings -- which now seem to consist not just of a house, but offices here and there and one place a garage -- trying to capture this guy. Finally I'm going thru one hall looking for him and there's sort of a reception desk there with a secretary there and I ask her has he been this way, and she says, "Oh yes, he's right in the lab across the hall there." I go down there and he's working on some sort of chemical or electrical thing -- I didn't see that too well -- with a young female lab assistant assisting him, and he just seems mildly disturbed that I've come in. I have some scrap iron in the end of a stocking which I swing like a club and I hit him with it several times, trying to overpower him, but it doesn't seem to bother him at all. He's a big man and apparently a very tough man. Then somehow he seems to speed up time, which puts him at an advantage against me. He takes me prisoner somehow and I'm quite angry at this and also quite worried about my sister-in-law cause I don't know if he's killed her and buried her or if there's hope that she's still alive yet. Then I drop out of the dream scene and it changes such that it shows there's an upstairs part, the building that this laboratory is in -- which I haven't been to or any of the other search party either -- and there is my sister-in-law along with several other females that this man has kept prisoner. They're up on a second story and they can't get out, and they don't even know that we're searching for them, even though we've gone past outside. It's a foggy day and they couldn't see thru the windows that we were outside on the path.