I and someone else whose identity I can't remember were in an apartment located in a skyscraper somewhere, but this was supposed to be a mountain cabin that my wife's folks owned. We were almost ready to leave ourselves after having been there for some time, but we were waiting for some friends of my wife's folks to come who were going to stay there a few days. We didn't really know these people that were coming, but finally they came and we welcomed them in and then the situation became rather awkward socially. We didn't know what to talk about or anything and apparently I and my companion were still going to stay there that night. We were all set up in one bedroom and we asked if they were chilly because if they were, we would light the fireplace, but they weren't. But somehow the fireplace got lit anyway and eventually we were popping popcorn, which popped very rapidly sometimes like a machine gun, over the fireplace. Then I'm going into the other room and I notice there were ashes and glowing coals on an upholstered chair near the fireplace that the others hadn't noticed. I was very quickly trying to get them off of there using a shovel before the upholstery was scorched. Then the next thing I remember about in the dream was my wife and my baby and I were driving down from the mountain cabin and we were just heading onto Rt. 226A, and this is a very step, winding road down the mountain. We were driving in our Fiat 600. I was having a little trouble going slowly enough. I was using the brakes; finally shifted down into second gear. That's an odd thing. The Fiat 600 has four gears, but had only three gears in this dream, forward gears that is. Shortly after getting onto this 226A, we were on a very sharp curve and came to a railroad track and I didn't see a train at first, although I heard a bell ringing somewhere and so the lights on either side of the track were faintly flashing, yellow lights. So I just started going right on thru and my wife told me to look out. I looked over to the left and here was a locomotive, a big diesel locomotive hauling a train. It was only about 10 feet off to the side and I thought it was too late to stop now. We'd never make it anyway. But as we got out onto the track, the train was practically hitting us, but at the last instant the train managed to slow down and we got off the tracks safely. I was kind of shaken up. We pulled into a gas station just a little ways over the tracks and somehow or another my wife and baby disappeared from the dream at this point. I was worried about someone from the railroad coming after me or something and thru some sort of action I don't recall, I ended up hiding behind the bottom of the door in the gas station while a young man drove up in a sedan. The door was a glass door with a wooden framework, which was why I was hiding behind the bottom piece of wood. The young man looked around the gas station a bit and there wasn't any attendant in sight. He finally started to come into the gas station itself and saw me. About this time also a small creature, something like an ant, appeared in the dream. I don't know whether the young man let him loose or not, but I jumped out from the door and was trying to kill this ant by slapping at it with a spring door spring. I was running all over the gas station trying to kill this ant and finally I did manage to kill it. It was night now and the young man drove off in his car, and I went and got into mine, which now turned out to be the Isetta which we had a number of years ago. Furthermore, the windshield was gone for some reason, but I had to get going as if I were being chased or something, and so I got in anyway and drove out onto the highway and switched on my headlights and was driving along down this curving road down the mountains, and in a few minutes it switched back to daylight again. One or two things happened that I don't recall, then my car had gone off a curve down a small drop onto a flat area. I wasn't injured and finally some cars stopped up above. The first who stopped threw down a long chain and several other sections of chain. The second car threw down a rope and a boy climbed down with the rope. I was afraid I might hit the boy with this heavy chain, but they didn't. So eventually some other people ended up down there and we were supposedly hauling my car back up on the road, but the only thing we were actually hauling was a big coil of BX cable and the chain seemed to be made of BX cable itself and it was being fastened onto this coil of BX cable down there by  means of the same screen door spring which I used in the gas station. Incidentally, by BX cable I mean the electrical cable which has the wound metal armor around it. I asked somebody who was up on top if it was all right to use the metal door spring as a fastener and they said it was. So eventually at least a couple of people were going to climb back up the cliff to get back to the road. I showed them it was easier to go around to the other side because there was an elevator over to the right, so we went over there and I hauled on the rope to bring the elevator down, a big industrial type elevator, and I was telling one person not to stand in the shaft like that or he could be crushed when the elevator came down. That's the end of the dream itself. This elevator had figured in earlier parts of my dream, which I don't recall very well. It had been the elevator in the apartment which was supposed to have been the cabin, for example.