I'm in a dept. store downtown in the city where I go to graduate school  with my mother and it seems we've finished buying me some clothes. I'm ready to go home, but my mother wants me to try on some other shirts first. So we go into this special dept. where they have shirts and to get in to it you have to go thru a very narrow passageway, kind of a crawl thru. It takes quite a bit of twisting, crawling to get thru this narrow passageway. The salesman in this little room is a very obnoxious fellow. He keeps treating me like a child. He's trying to sell me more shirts and I get very impatient, but I don't need any shirts at all. The salesman insists on looking at my teeth and he has a bunch of dental apparatus around this little room where we are. I ask if he's a dental technician or a dentist and he says no, and I don't let him look at my teeth. He wants to look at my chest. This has something to do with fitting out a shirt to me properly. While he talking to my mother about it, I get just fed up and I just walk out of the room, rather I crawl back out thru this crazy twisting passageway. I got back into the regular dept. store when I can see into the little room because there is a very easy open passage into the rest of the store in addition to the very tortuous way we came in and I went out before. I watch my mother leave and go out onto the street. I figure that I'll give her a few minutes to cool off because she might be mad that I just walked out. Then I'll go pick her up. So I go around to my car which is parked out in back. It's not my present car, but a car I had several years ago, a little blue Isetta. I get in and start around the block for my mother. It's nighttime, but as I drive around, it gradually turns into daytime, and someone else is with me in the car. Someone, well, I seem to be about 14 or 15 years old now and I'm a Negro and there's another Negro boy about the same age besides me in the car. We drive thru some parking lots and come out alongside a gas station, but there's some street work going on and we can't go out directly onto the street. On the left side of the barrier cutting the street work off from the street are a bunch of Negroes and I believe one or two Negro policemen directing traffic. On the right side of the barrier are a couple of white policemen and quite a number of cars with mainly white people in them, each going around the barrier. I know if I drive to the left where the Negroes are, there won't be any problem, but if I drive to the right, the white policeman might give me a ticket. I figured, though, he didn't have any good legal reason to give me a ticket because of the way I came up there. How was I supposed to know that the road was going to be blocked? I did want to go to the right. So I drove on the right and a lot of people looked at us, but nothing happened and I pulled out into the traffic. Now the dream changes a lot. The car I was in seems to have disappeared entirely. I don't know what happened to my companion at this point either, but I'm walking down the street. I'm carrying something important, but I can't remember what was in this package. I'm also being hunted. To a certain extent I think it's the obnoxious salesman and my mother who are hunting me, but I'm not sure I identify them as such. Well, I duck thru a number of back streets and keep getting into poorer and poorer parts of the Negro district. The streets aren't paved any more and pretty soon I'm ducking between vacant lots and alleys and finally my companion is with me again and we're walking thru a woods at the edge of a highway. The woods are a bank running along the highway and suddenly they come to a steep drop quite a distance from this highway. There's a very tall tree growing there so my companion and I start to climb down the tree. There's a third person with us now who disappears late. I don't know where he came from, who he was or what he was doing there. We get down to the bottom of the tree, and my mother, who is also now a Negro, comes along the road and sees us. She's with someone else. It's not the obnoxious salesman. The situation now seems that I've run away from home for a justifiable reason. My mother has understood why and is now trying to make up. So she apologizes or something like that I don't remember exactly, and asks us to stay in this place. I don't know exactly. I can't describe this place, but the idea is that it's a normal home and we're going to stay overnight while my mother gets some transportation or something like that. Both my companion and I get in here and find we've been locked up into what amounts to separate cages. There's some action I don't remember. Then I manage to escape, and get out and attract the sympathy of a crowd of people. Then my jailer comes back up and while he's a little bit distracted, I sneak back and unlock my companion's cage. I come back outside again. I'm real tiny now, just a few inches high, while everyone else is normal size. The jailer tries to catch me and I run off trying to get outside where I can get lost. I seem to be watching myself from another point now and I turn into what looks like a tiny roll of film that keeps jumping along the floor and when my jailer grabs for it, he bumps it with his fingers, which knocks it off to the side and eventually it gets outside and it's lost. So I escaped.