The dream was a very complicated one involving either my mother taking a second husband who she would spend half her time with besides my father, or my wife taking a second husband and spending only half of her time with me. I don't recall exactly which, and I suspect it may have switched in the dream. I don't remember all the incidents that were involved with this, but I do remember this incident which came at the end of this. In this my mother and father were driving into this neighborhood, somewhere in my hometown, although I've never actually seen this place, and so I think it was so my mother could look over the house of this person she might take as a second husband. We stopped in front of this house. It was a wooden frame house, white, and it had a lot of windows and porches, but the main feature I recall about it was on the right hand side was a very wide pair of steps leading down to the basement door, which was a big double door, and there was a tractor parked alongside that. There were some pretty extensive fields out in back of the house. I believe I pointed out to my mother that this probably meant that they did a lot of farming in order to try and discourage her about taking a second husband. My mother didn't like the looks of the house and she also noticed that the curtains seemed to be tacked back to the window frames so it would be kind of hard to get privacy. Then my father and I were out standing beside the road and we noticed a lot of logs and stuff, and we thought we would get some for our fireplace at home, even though we really don't have a fireplace at home. So we started picking up some small twigs and cracking off a lot of it and the way we cracked it off was there were some permanent cracks in the wood already and I took the thing you throw a rock over against the sharp end to pound on the wood till pieces of it fell off. We looked in the back of the station wagon, which seemed to be upside down in some sort of way so that the wood would rattle around quite a bit when we turned it over to dry it off. We worked our way up the road a bit on this and then it turned out that we were at some kind of display of antiques because I noticed even among the wood all sorts of old bottles, old books and everything, and some of this wood merged into some bookshelves on which these antiques, which were for sale, were displayed. There was an old woman there who was the proprietor of it and we said hello to her, and went back to look at the antiques, back to where it was just plain old wood, and that's all that happened in this particular series of dream incidents.