My dream starts out with me being at my Aunt Hillary's house in the country, which she hasn't had for 10 years or more, but anyway I've built a brick sidewalk or have been repairing a brick sidewalk that runs around in back of the house, and there are a few places wehre the brick hasn't been put in the sidewalk yet. This cat and small dog are chasing each other around on this small sidewalk, and I'm sort of taking part in the game of controlling their movements by putting up detour signs where the sidewalk is incomplete, then taking them down later. I don't remember this too clearly, but at one point there seems to be a huge cat involved in here. A cat the size of a horse or something like that. I'm thinking that when the dog catches up to this cat and starts to bark, it will be quite a surprise. Then I finish this sidewalk and now somebody quite vague comes along and wants to take some bricks up out of the sidewalk and I don't want this to happen. I tell them to go away. Then another person comes along, a young man that I don't know. He's very persistent about trying to take some bricks. I keep making him put them back every time he tries to take one out of the sidewalk somewhere. My Aunt Hillary comes out and she tells him it's all right to take some bricks if he needs a few. Of course, since it's her sidewalk and her house, I can't say anything. I'm quite mad though. I walk around to the front of the house where there is a swing in the tree and sit in the swing, looking away from the sidewalk so I can't see the bricks being taken out. I'm really pouting in the dream, as if I were a 10-year-old kid. I'm just furious, but I'm not able to do anything about it, but swing hard. I make some caustic remarks about how there won't be any sidewalk left now. I look around and instead of taking just a few, this young man has a wheelbarrow full of bricks now. The sidewalk's just full of gaps and holes now. My Aunt Hillary is wondering if she was right in telling him to take what he wanted. Imp upset that the sidewalk is taken apart and I also have this "I told you so" attitude. Finally I look around once more and just about the entire sidewalk is gone and lots of mud where the sidewalk was.