I was visiting a friend of mine in a nearby town, Bill Rolle, and all thru the visit things kept happening which I don't recall exactly which made me wonder if I was a plant or if he was a plant in the sense of being a vegetable. The next interesting fragment which I think came at this point was that I was in some sort of cave and the whole world was going to be flooded in a few minutes. So in order to save myself, I took a big piece of plastic and threw it over me and about this time the water was starting to come into the cave and sort of formed a big air bubble around me. It really rushed in now and floated me up against the roof of the cave, and the water was about five stories high all over the surface of the earth. And I was hoping that the water would go down before air got bad inside this bubble. I could just feel it trying to take on funny odors, but then finally it started to go down and I was able to get out. The rest of my fragments concern adventures in the world after this flood when there were almost no survivors left. Several fragments dealt with trying to fix up a strong base so we would be secure. One of the things I was doing was bringing all sorts of bric-a-brac back to it. Some of these were things from the home of Bill R. cause he was going away for a year somewhere and he had given me some things like a very fancy shotgun inlaid with gold, intricately worked all over its barrel and an ancient saber and its sheath and I would take these things back to our base and leave them there and come back for more. Incidentally, at Bill R.'s, who I visited last night, I looked at a saber and a shotgun. Another fragment concerned with fortifying our base involved going into this big electronic distributing place that was run by General Electric or something and bringing back all sort of miscellaneous products. One of the things I got from this place was some kind of explosive which I was going to use to go blow some safe to get some money because people didn't realize that money was useless yet. They still wanted to be paid for things, the few that were left. Another thing involved in this series was, I think there was only one girl with us and we were trying to find some more.  I recall wanting to shift our headquarters, which we had at an old frame house now, into a place that would be more secure against attack cause we were worrying about gangs of bandits among the survivors.