The main characters in this dream were myself, my father and a woman who alternated between being my mother and my wife and my little baby daughter. It seems we have all moved into this old house, a two-story house, and my parents' bedroom was going to be downstairs and my bedroom upstairs. For some reason or another, this house was vaguely familiar to us. We were kind of worried about snakes or something like that. So we were downstairs and I or my father, I forget which, used the bathroom for something, to get a drink of water from the sink or something like that. There was a drain in the floor. I made sure that when we left the bathroom, we closed this drain, turning a little sort of valve on top of it and also after leaving the bathroom to close the door very tightly. Then we decided to go on upstairs to my bedroom for a while. At first we were in sort of a living room off my bedroom. Then we decided to actually go into my bedroom itself. My mother and I went into my bedroom. I guess I should say my mother-wife here, and my mother-wife who was more my wife now, was naked and climbed into my bed and I climbed in beside her and we curled around each other. My father was still out in the living room and it seems we had some sort of a dog too, something like a black cocker spaniel, sort of like Blackie in the Blackie pictures. The dog went out into the hallway and came yelping back. My father hollered that there was a big snake out in the hall. So I jumped out of bed and got a 22 caliber pistol out of the drawer by the bed, and incidentally I do own such a pistol, and ran out into the hall and this very huge snake was at the bottom of the stairs. It was dark in the hallway. It was night outside. So before I ran over to the stairs, I fired one shot down the stairs, randomly, to sort of frighten this creature. Then I ran over to the stairway and the snake was there. Part of it was buried into a crack on the side of the stairs and the other half was out exposed on the stairs. I emptied the revolver into the snake. One shot misfired, so I got about 4 shots into the snake. Then I took one other live round I had in my pocket and loaded that into the revolver and shot that into the snake, which by now had backed out of the hole and was opening its mouth toward me. It was about the size of a big boa constrictor, and I hit the snake with all my shots, but it didn't seem to have any effect on it, to speak of. The last shot was kind of funny, in fact, because it fired sort of slowly. Well, I slammed the door then and ran back into the room. I told my mother-wife figure and my father to grab our baby daughter and climb out of the window because we had to get out of the house. We jumped out of the window onto the fire escape and started climbing down the ladder. The others were kind of panic-stricken. I hollered to them to come on. This was no time to get upset and to give me our baby daughter since I was the best climber, and I could hold her and get down the ladder. So they gave me our baby daughter and I started down the ladder, and they came after me, and somehow we were in a tree now rather than on the fire escape. Somebody hollered to stop and here was a teenage boy coming, or rather standing around the far side of the house, calling to this snake as if he were a dog, and this big boa constrictor had come out as if it were really friendly. Then there were whole bunches of college boys on the lawn running around this snake and seeming to think it was something like a gag. I thought the snake was really quite sinister, and I thought these college boys were being misled by this boy who called the snake out originally. He was quite evil in his intentions and we weren't going to come down out of the tree until the police came. This boy -- I don't know who he was -- he seemed to have some connection with the people we bought the house from, whoever they were. So we all yelled so we could attract the attention of neighbors and get the police there.