I'm in a church, a Pilgrim Church, and I am there to be polite or doing someone a favor or something, and there was some sort of involved procedure you're supposed to go thru when you first come into the church -- kneel at the altar, make the sign of the cross and repeat some kind of creed and whatnot. I didn't know it very well. Somehow I guess it's a priest that criticizes me. I get kind of mad and tell him I'm trying to do the right thing, and if he wants me to do it letter-perfect, he should explain it to me as I go along. Then I go back and sit down and go thru some more of the service. I've left the church and am on some sort of bus and I have a companion who's not human. He's sort of a laboratory creation, something like a giant amoeba or something, but in the shape of a human being, and it's my job staying close to him and making sure he's in the human shape. If he doesn't have my moral support, he will disintegrate back into a giant amoeba. The bus stops. No, first it goes down a mountain road. There was some very beautiful scenery. It stops there and everyone gets out for a picnic or something and this amoeba human gets away from me. We try to find it, but we can't. They were a little bit terrified and eventually the amoeba creature has reproduced itself and started attacking humans. They were quite dangerous. It seems now that the amoeba creatures attacking me were roughly shaped like humans and I was spraying something on them to get them away from me. It seems that initially they were very susceptible to this stuff and you could control them with it, but they changed and it didn't other them much any more. Then somebody who's with me sprays some lemon juice on them and this makes bees start landing on them and stinging them. That finally drives the two of them off. There's some more I don't recall and then I end up in my own house now, up in the mountains, and the house is specially constructed so that these creatures who have now become very numerous and quite upset can't get in. For instance, there are no conventional locks on the doors because the creatures can extrude a pseudo pod that goes right thru the keyholes and everything and manipulate the lock. Instead there's a very complicated electronic electroletic sort of lock which takes the creatures a long time to open and soon as they  start fooling with it, you can tell because it provides a signal, a sort of warning signal. I'm in the house with all sorts of other people -- actually it seems like sort of a combination office building and laboratory -- and the signal goes off that one of these creatures is trying to get in. So we all go up to what we call the strong room, which is supposedly resistant to these creatures, a solid steel room near the roof of the building. We hop in a real large round elevator and go up several stories and go out onto the roof. But we haven't closed the door yet. The amoeba creature gets in and comes right up in the elevator after us, and somehow or another he gets in the steel room. I think it's because we haven't closed the door. I manage to get away by running out the door again back down the elevator and into an office. In this office is the psychologist, Gardner Murphy, whom I'm now identified with somehow. It seems that he's going to wait for the creature and try to talk to it and find out something about it or something like that. So finally the creature does come into the office, but apparently he's not in a talking mood or something because I smash a window behind me and leap out on the fire escape and escape that way and run down to where there's a space ship. It's a big round space ship that reminds me of something that I saw on the cover of a science fiction magazine that I saw last night and there were a couple of other people with me, and one of them is supposed to run up to the pilot control while the other one runs somewhere in the space ship, and I wanted to start the engines. The creature is right in the space ship by this time. And this person who is supposed to go to pilot controls hasn't made it yet, so I went up to them and the creature is only a few feet behind me, but I hit the controls and start the ship accelerating upwards very rapidly and also spinning on its own axis. And the centrifugal force keeps the creature from getting any closer to me. It's holding onto some beams for all it's worth. This doesn't bother me because I'm sitting in the pilot seat. I'm protected by some sort of anti-gravity field. The interior of this ship is very strange. It's all very open, just like beams here and there, strange machinery scattered about. I keep the ship spinning until we find some way to immobilize the amoeba creature. We give it some sort of injection or something. It still has a pretty humanoid form. This is a big ritual because it's the first one we've ever been able to capture. Now we will be able to study it and be able to combat it better. That's all of the dream I recall. One thing that happened yesterday that might have inspired this is that I was listening to some people talk about football players and joking how they were all meat and how a football player might be made of hamburger, but that wouldn't be firm and wouldn't hold its shape very well. A rather bizarre thought that carried over in this dream.