I and a couple of friends from my boyhood, Randy and Jimmy, were up at this Boy Scout camp and we were going to take a hike up to the explorer's cabin on top of the mountain. And we were down in the large meadow by the river packing our stuff into our knapsacks. I was almost packed and then something happened and I had to start doing most of it over again. So Randy and Jimmy finished packing before me and they went up the hill a little ways and waited for me. Finally I got packed. I was carrying two packs, one strapped across my chest and one across my back, and I thought they would be quite heavy, but actually the weight distribution was very nice and there was very little strain on my muscles. So I started up the hill after them and we hiked on for a while. Then there was some action I don't recall, and then there was some girl along with us and this girl and I walked along ahead of the others and we were very sweet on each other. We all came to a place where there was some sort of wall across the trail and I decided we had to go right thru the wall. So I first sort of drew a big square on the wall and wanted us to just walk right thru it by getting in the proper frame of mind. But that didn't work, so I started tapping on the wall and several panels started drawing back, one after the other, till finally there was a big square on the wall and we all climbed thru it. It was night on the other side and we were out on the mountain again and could go along on our hike. Then there was some, I guess I would call it a fantasy, within the dream about our being in the White House. I don't remember what this fantasy consisted of, although there was no scene change to speak of. Then it was over with. We were hiking along up the mountain again and this girl was pregnant and she was pregnant by me, a couple of months pregnant, and she was very happy that she was and I was glad she was, and she was telling people about it very defiantly. And that's about all of the dream I recall.