The dream starts out with me being stranded on an island and there are natives on this island and also a fire-breathing dragon. And I'm down on the edge of the beach of this island and I can tell the dragon is coming down toward the beach because I can see the orange flames shooting over the crest of the hill, and I know that I have to get out of there. And I know that all the natives flee from the dragon by running out into the sea. And if they can get out in the sea far enough, they won't be burned by the flames. So I dash out into the sea and swim way out, and I find a small boat out there. This boat is put out there by the natives and the first native to reach it each year has to make some sort of voyage which has some sort of special significance to them. Since I reached it, I use it to get away from the island on which I'm stranded. I sail for several weeks, I think, although I don't actually experience this time in the dream, but run out of supplies and haven't seen any other ships or islands or anything, so I come back. When I come back, this has given me sort of a special status with the natives of having become a very special person. Yet also they don't like me because I am a stranger and an outsider. The next part of the dream that I recall there is a trading post run by another white man on the island, and I have also picked up a companion somewhere, someone else about my own age, but I don't know who he is or where I got him from. We want to get off the island because the natives are becoming very hostile toward us and want to kill us, and we're in one of the rooms at the trading post outfitting ourselves and getting ready to get away. And I remember putting on a very wide belt, reminds me of a belt I owned several years ago, putting a sheath knife on beside it. I was wearing blue jeans and then I go out of this room to look for some sort of supply of some sort, and I wander down the hall and keep a close watch out for natives. I don't expect them to be in the building now, which is a very expensive building, but I do want to be careful because I know they probably do want to kill me. I go into one room off the hall that had a glass door on it because I have to go to the bathroom, and I notice there is a bathroom in there. It's a very strange bathroom. It's about the size of a closet and I have to stand up over this small toilet, but I'm also keeping my eye out for natives, and one little native boy does come past in the hall and sees me and comes running in. And I draw my sheath knife and trip him with it to keep him away, and he runs back and then brings back another native which I also have to push my knife at to keep away. Then I don't recall what happens next in this particular part of the dream. The next episode in here involves our collecting our supplies and trying to get away, and we told the natives something about the dragons coming to preoccupy them for a while. Then we're trying to launch a raft of some sort that we built. All I remember of this is that we've written sort of big words or rather big lists of supplies and parts on the sand right by the ocean and this is our raft somehow. I don't remember what happens after that, but anyhow this doesn't work. I think we try a sail on it for a while and then give up. I'm driving on land again, and we needed some time to get off again and somehow protecting ourselves from the natives. And so my companion and I decided to get some of the natives on our side in order to keep the rest of the natives away from. And so we worked up sort of a bodyguard and I've decided to teach the native -- they're real primitive -- how to use a club and a spear so that these natives will be able to hold off the rest of them. One of the natives is standing beside me. They're about 4-1/2 feet tall, sort of a brownish green color. I'll try to show them how to use a spear and a club and draw pictures, trying to explain. In drawing pictures of the natives, I seem to think the men have over a half dozen arms and 12 tentacles for legs.