I'm in the shop at the Psychiatry Dept. and talking to someone and then I walk back to my office. When I get there I find that Paul G. and Don W. had to take the filing cabinet out of my office because the filing cabinet really belonged to someone else and that person wanted to use it. So my files for the most part have been put in cardboard boxes. Actually the filing cabinet is still there. It's just that the drawers have been taken up for the use of George T. including a whole series of paperback books and his shoes. Well, I'm wondering what I'm going to do for file space. There really isn't space enough in the office to get another thing in, but it seems in taking the filing cabinet out or rather appropriating it to somebody else's use, they've moved it over. Now, in fact, where the filing cabinet had always covered up a door, although in actuality it doesn't, and I open this door and find it leads to a small bathroom just off my office. Paul O. made some remark  about it being a very small bathroom, but it doesn't look too small to me. It had a busted window to the outside. But it's just a full-size bathtub, which is rather unusual. There are also some cabinets down at the end which makes me wonder if I couldn't file my things there. Then in the process of investigating this, I notice there's another door. This seems to be some sort of a service door. So I go thru this service door and find it leads into a small brick walled room which seems to have some electric wiring on the walls, and I figure it's something to do with the electrical service of the hospital. There's a double steel door, kind of a big electrical fuse box at the far end, and I opened that. There was another room beyond that and a whole series of tunnels and rooms. I think that it reminds me of the phase of tunnels and rooms that I dreamed about when I was a kid. So I go on thru these and one or two people come on with me. I don't recall exactly who. We walk up these tunnels and eventually these tunnels run into a series of underground rooms which I figure out are the kitchen or the cafeteria and we go on beyond that and these cafeteria rooms connect with several underground buildings on campus that I haven't been in before. So I'm quite intrigued with this whole thing. We start to go back and we go on past the kitchen. Then somehow we seem to miss the entrance to our tunnel. After a little more wandering, the dream has changed in this respect, that I seem to be a teenager now, and my companions -- one of whom is a boy and one of whom is a girl -- are also now teenagers, but I don't recognize them, even though I knew them in the dream. We keep trying to find the entrance to the tunnel and I keep saying we have gone much too far to the right. The tunnel lay in a straight line, but we came wandering around, and we go past a new high school they're building to replace the old high school in my hometown. Eventually we decide to go back and somebody notices there's a gap in the ground that runs very straight. We go over, but it's just a creek bed and we walk back along the side of the creek beds since it goes back in the direction we want to go. The boy went first, then the girl, and then me, and we run along thru the weeds alongside the creek bed and thru a brick and little stone wall. And then we're back at the head of the street. I don't recognize where I am, but somebody thinks they know where we are. We can see the place we originally came from. That is where we first found the tunnel, and there's a name given to it. I don't recall the name given to it, but it wasn't the same as it actually is, named Memorial Hospital. Then the dream seems to shift to the extent that I seem to be middle aged now and have found my way in my own home along with these friends of mine who also shifted to middle age. I go down to the basement of my home to see if there is a tunnel like this there. I go over to the corner and see what I expect to see, namely, an electric switch on the wall. Then in the dream I seem to think this is the way the other tunnel was found. I pull the electric switch out and then pull at a plate behind that, and this exposes a small access door, like they have for electric circuits. I open that and I can see into a bathroom beyond. This isn't as fancy a bathroom as the one in the hospital in the first part because they just have a toilet in it and no bathtub, and it seems to be partially unfinished as if the work ended without it being cleaned up, and a lot of dirt was left on the floor and everything. I'm very jealous about this tunnel now. It seems I'm going to explore this by myself and not let anybody else go with me, even though the others say now that we found this, we might as well call in some X-ray explorers to explore this thing since obviously it's very important. Then there's some sort of incident about a spider who keeps trying to bite me and if he does, maybe it's to keep me out of the tunnel. Then in the dream itself, I think I have some fantasies about how this tunnel is being used by some other kind of creatures to stay hidden from normal human sight, and that's the spider's way of keeping me out. I also have a fantasy in the dream about finding a little tunnel and finding some sort of creature there with a whip. This is supposed to keep people from going thru, but I go thru some kind of rigmarole that I'm an official inspector or something like that and get thru. Then in the next part of the dream I'm in a tunnel just like the original one, and I walk out into where it joins what I call the public service, the cafeteria kitchen and stuff like that. I thought I'd better take very careful note of where I stepped out because maybe it's very difficult to find on the way coming back and that's what happened to us the last time. So I take very careful note of it and then I go over the physics building and bring back some physicist -- I don't know who -- but he seems to be somebody in his 30's. And I also bring along his wife and two children. One of the kids is a little boy about 3; the other is a little girl about 4 or something like that. We bring them back and I come to the point where the tunnel begins. All you can see (there's trees all around it incidentally), is a white wire stretched across. I know now that this wire is some kind of a mind shield which keeps the tunnel from being noticed by unauthorized people and keeps them from getting into it. You have to have a certain attitude of mind in order to pass thru the wire and the tunnel beyond. The physicist doesn't believe this, but I make several demonstrations about how you might actually pass your hand thru the wire and your hand changes its appearance. I show him how his wife can do it and his children can do it. Then his wife and children step whole inside this way and disappear from his sight. This is to convince him that he'll have to try it too and come on thru. One other thing about the tunnel -- it seemed to alternate being a tunnel in the earth and a path thru a very thick forest. There were plants on the floor of the tunnel and lots of thick growth you could see along the sides of it.