The dream involved me having been taken prisoner in some sort of invasion and the invaders may have been people from another planet. I'm not really sure. I and some other people were led up to the rulers of mechanical equipment and junk, and each of us were assigned to a single row of this stuff and we had to repair this stuff. I had three or four things on my row that I had to repair. The first thing I had to repair was a vacuum tube that had come from the laboratory I had as a kid, and I knew it was damaged beyond repair, so I showed it was damaged beyond repair and threw it out. Somehow or another I cleared a couple of other things out very quickly so I could get on the main repair job, which was a jeep of some sort. The jeep was in a big hoist framework and I had to bring it down and bring it over and work on it. There was some sort of steam-operated engine that moved the hoist up and down. At first I pulled the lever the wrong way and pulled the jeep up higher, and I figured out how to work it the other way and brought it down and hauled it over till it was right by the horse.  Then it was kind of dark inside this shop. Originally this place had been outdoors, but it was inside a shop now. I think the shop was located in the basement of the house from the first episode. So I was trying to get enough light so I could see what I was doing and there were very few bulbs around the place. I tried to light a big fluorescent fixture, but that didn't work very well. I was talking to someone, I think a girl of some sort, telling her I was trying to get enough lights on to work on this jeep, but I don't remember that very well. Then I think I worked on the jeep for a while. I'm not sure. Eventually I heard a very faint knocking on the outside door. I went and peered out the windows that were in the door. These were overhead garage doors, although they were down, and I saw an old woman there. So I let her in and she looked very hungry. It seems that in the dream we were all quite hungry. She told me she used to own this house before the invaders had taken everything away from everyone. We asked her if she had any food cached away anywhere. She said yes she did. So she and I and someone else -- I don't recall who -- snuck into the rest of the house where there were lots of these invaders and we were trying to avoid them. Eventually we found some food. There was some more action, I think when the invaders discovered us.