The dream involved my being in an ocean liner, and there was somebody with me, but I can't remember who or how old they were or what sex or anything. It seems that all the crew was gone from this ocean liner, which was anchored right off the shore of a small tropical island. I wanted to be able to operate this ocean liner because I didn't know how. One thing in particular I remember about it was that the ocean liner was floating very high out of the water, such that the door that you went in and out of in this thing was 15 or 20 ft. above the surface of the water, and there were waves of changing how high this ship floated above the water. But I didn't know how to operate it. Well, along on the horizon I saw a ship coming in and it was an aircraft carrier, a Untied States aircraft carrier, and it came right up to us with its bow coming right to the door. And its deck was just as high as our door was and it came up flush against the door so that one could just stroll off onto its deck. But I and a companion walked out across the deck, or rather we stepped out onto the deck, and then we had some sort of a car. It was an unusual car. I sort of thought it was a car designed by another nation or something like that. We should attract a lot of attention from the American sailors here. We drove over the deck and nothing happened. Then I had a sort of fantasy that we wanted to attract their attention somehow. So I had this fantasy about shooting a rocket from the car up ahead of us as if we were attacking them, but this didn't produce any results. Then we got up to where everybody was and we ran around and no one was paying any attention to us. It seemed very strange to us. We were walking around inside the aircraft carrier and in the passageway we found a couple of officers talking. We forcibly stopped them and told them, "Look, we have an ocean liner here with no crew and we don't know how to work it." We want to do something with it, and weren't they even interested? And they didn't seem to be interested. So we went on back to the ocean liner. When we got back where the ocean liner was, it wasn't there any more. So we thought at first that they had given us some help and that they had moved it probably around into the river flowing out from this island which we couldn't see from where we were because there was a great big hotel blocking our view on the shore. There was a car there, though, sort of like a Ford Falcon or a Nash Rambler or something, and it was about 20 feet up in the air; no, more like about 10 feet up in the air on some stilt-like affair. So we climbed up into the car. I think my companion may have been my wife now, but I'm not sure, and pressed the mechanism that let these stilts back into the car, drove off over around the back of the hotel. But the ocean liner wasn't there, and the river kind of turned into a road that we were driving down which led into a parking lot. We turned around and came back to the hotel, and we were careful in turning around in the parking lot, not to go beyond a certain boundary because most of the island was inhabited by a sort of foreign creature which killed any man that went onto it. This part seems to have been inspired by a science fiction story I read last night. Anyway, we drove back to the hotel and started going down some stairs, and at the bottom was a tiger. We started going back up the stairs and there was a little switch built in the wall. We knew that when we threw this switch, at a certain point the tiger would not be allowed to come above that point and where we stopped him on the stairs would determine how he and all future tigers acted. The tiger was already up high enough when we saw this such that he would be bloodthirsty and try and take over from man. So I turned around and put my foot on his head and shoved him back down the stairs, half a dozen steps or so. Then threw the switch, which stopped him at a level where he would not attack me, but was also at a level where the tiger had to have some sort of duties to perform. So I finally figured out that we would train him to catch mice cause that sort of fitted in with his natural duties. And we did so. I don't know how. We just told him to catch mice or something like that. That was about the end of the dream.