I am in a large church which inside seems very similar to a nearby university's chapel. The place is filled with college students, and I'm standing near the pulpit which is right in front of the altar, and a man is preaching there and this is a big, heavy, powerful-looking man who's dressed in some kind of priestly outfit. I know that the man is a fraud, but he has everybody just captivated by his charm. Apparently he owns this church or something like that, controls it, and suddenly I jump up beside this man and accuse him of being a fraud and particularly of having abducted my wife. Everyone goes into consternation and everyone starts milling around, and this person runs off from the pulpit and disappears somewhere. Everybody starts running out of the church, and I and a friend run out of the main door of the church also. I can't identify this friend, but I seem to know him very well in the dream. He's another young man about my age. Then it suddenly dawns on me that we have to do something to rescue my wife. This is probably a good opportunity while everyone is so disorganized. So we run off into the woods, off to the right side, and work our way back to a little square building with a big square door about the size of a garage door that was open. This is a secret entrance back into the church. Somewhere along the way I have picked up a bow and some arrows and a sword, as well as some small spears. And my companion was also similarly armed, and he leaped into the tunnel leading off from this doorway and gets behind a barrier about 10 to 15 feet in and all sorts of arrows fly around and almost hit him. I decide there's some kind of automatic device for releasing arrows whenever someone stands in the tunnel now. So I kept exposing myself for a second or so and jumping back each time a flight of arrows comes out. So finally the arrows are exhausted and that is what I was trying to do, exhaust the magazines. Then the second type of defense became operative because each time I expose myself, somewhere inside gallons and gallons of boiling water pour down and pour out of the tunnel now in layers several inches deep, but I do this several times and finally the water seems just about exhausted. I dash into the tunnel and get behind this little barrier and beside my friend and I notice that the water pours over a six-foot drop further back in the tunnel and then flows out. The floor slopes downward so it can. I then run forward shouting for my friend to come on so we can get inside before there's an opportunity for any defenders to come down here. I run well back in the tunnel, which incidentally is well-lighted and has polished wooden floors, paneled in fine woods and plastic, plush tunnel. It's more like a hallway since I'm inside the church now. It comes to a point where there are some stairs coming down, and I reach the end of this hallway and turn around and come back upstairs, go back up opposite of the direction in which I have been traveling. As I start to go up, I notice there's a little office out to the right, a secretary's office, and out comes the secretary of this priest, and she's carrying some arrows and a bunch of short spears which she apparently is going to take to him. I run over and threaten her with my spear, if you'll excuse the phallic symbolism, and take that bunch away from her and tell her to get out of here. She goes back in the office and I go on back up the stairs, and here is this priest. He doesn't have his priestly robes on any more, but wearing casual sports clothes; doesn't look anywhere near as impressive this way. He runs about a little bit trying to get away. I think I ask him where my wife is, but I don't really recall whether I do or not. My friend comes up about this time and helps me chase him. Finally I corner him and thrust these light spears at him, wound him lightly, but not particularly. Finally since he seems to be such a powerful man, I take out the sword I have, slash him several times with that. Finally, I partially cleave his skull and kill him.