The dream starts in the yard of my wife's parents' home. It doesn't look exactly as it really does, but this is what the locale was in the dream. I'm out in the back yard with my sister-in-law, Bonnie. I've decided to tease her about something. I recall that there is a brick in the wall which was loose and has something or other hidden behind it. I believe I dreamed once in that past few months I had seen Bonnie hide something behind this. I don't recall exactly. Anyway, I figured she must have some kind of dirty literature or contraceptive hidden behind it. She didn't want anyone to know about it, but I kid her and tell her I'm going to the wall and take out the brick and see what's behind there. But for some reason she goes over and pulls out the brick herself. There are a couple of newspapers and pamphlets hidden behind there. I assume they have something to do with sex. I never do actually read them in the dream. Then we opened a door beside the wall and go into a little area that is used for storing garden tools or something like that. She pulls out another brick which somehow opens a much larger hole in the wall than you'd expect. Here is a little spot built into the foundation of the wall big enough for one or two people to climb into and lay down on a blanket that's in there. A pillow. This is a little place where she used to go hide when she wanted to get away from everybody for a while. I become rather sexually excited in the dream and put my arm around her and ask her if she wants to climb in there with me and make love. She just kind of snorts at me and says no. We start putting several bricks back into the wall to hide this place again so no one else will find out about it. Although we took out one brick originally, there are a whole bunch of bricks to put back. When we get done, it's not as well hidden because there are some gaps between the bricks which you can see thru. There is some more action in this particular dream following this, but my memory of it is very confused and blurred and involved a Chinese girl somehow running around several of the rooms underground here.