I was over at a nearby university listening to a lecture by a famous parapsychologist. The lecture was being held outside somewhere on campus in a little grove of trees and the weather very damp. Apparently it had rained recently. I was sitting beside someone I had met at the parapsychological convention this year. We were listening to a lecture by another person, Ramakrishna Rao, an Indian who had been at the parapsychology lab in years past. During the question period right after his lecture someone in the audience, which by the way seemed to consist of college girls besides psychologists, asked him how the parapsychology lab could be improved. He replied that what he needed to do to improve it was to get new bodies, names, and souls. It was terribly amusing in the dream. I recall in the dream I told my wife to try and come to this lecture, but I didn't know whether she had made it or not. In the middle of the lecture I had closed my eyes or fallen asleep or something like that. For a few seconds I had a vision of a tiny figurine in my hands of a woman. The figurine was 6 inches high or something like that. So when the lecture was over, we were the last ones to go and a lot of people went out when my wife came up. She was one of the last going out too. She was very mad at me because apparently she tried to sit next to me or talk to me during the lecture or something like that and I completely ignored her, according to her. I don't remember anything about this. Finally I remember the vision of this little figurine I had. I told her about that, but the woman in the figurine didn't particularly look like my wife. Finally I decided I had fallen asleep during the lecture and acted this way towards my wife when I was sleep-talking or something like that. The only conscious representation I had of it was the figurine. Now there's an incident which might have occurred at this point or when my wife came up to me, I'm not certain. The person I was with was telling how very much I should meet another person who had been at the parapsychological convention and I had apparently argued with this person at the convention a lot and yet we weren't mad at each other and we had so many things in common. And he was very anxious to have me meet this person. I can't for the life of me recall who this person was. So anyway, at this point my wife and I left the chairs where we had been sitting for the lecture and walked thru this little wooded grove and somehow it turned into nighttime now in the dream, whereas it had been day before. We got to the other side of the grove and there were several see-saws there and so we decided to see-saw. And they were very weird see-saws because they were motorized and I sat down on my side and pulled out the choke and starting lever, which was just under the bar of the see-saw. After several tries I got it started. It was a very cold thing and I had some difficulty starting it. So we got the motor started and the motor did most of the work of see-sawing. You just had to push down with your toe very slightly when you came down to push yourself back  up and start the cycle in reverse. Another couple came down to a second row of see-saws about 10 feet away from us and they were starting their motor and were going to see-saw also. We finished see-sawing and got up from the see-saw and were standing by the side of the road and my wife said the children were going to cross in a moment now. And I looked over and here was the big bunch of children on the far side of the road. There must have been 20-30 of them, 2nd or 3rd graders, something like that. They were all in this one big mass and somebody was looking up and down the street, and finally the person told them to go. They all ran across the street, crossed over to our side. This episode was succeeded by one which I think followed immediately, which bears no relationship to it at all. I was in an office at work and I just finished doing something with a big roll of bandage, or not a roll of bandage, a roll of adhesive tape, and I was rolling back up what I hadn't used from it, and it was cut in the middle, wide adhesive tape. Paul O. and Donald W. were in there and I asked Paul O. whether he had any use for this particular roll of adhesive tape. I was sort of hoping he would because this roll was a little bit ripped and it wasn't sticking to itself too well on the last part of the roll. He said he didn't and then this roll of adhesive tape turned into a roll of polygraph paper and it seems to be some data he had been looking for, for some time. He took it and went out. That's all of this dream episode I can recall. One other thing I recall from an earlier part of the dream when I was talking to my wife in the park, she also told me about how at breakfast that morning I tore up all sorts of things in the house and I didn't recall a single thing of this, and again we decided I must have been sleepwalking or in some kind of a fugue state or something.