I dreamed that I'm sitting outside at night on a small balcony, more like a back porch, from my apartment in some city and it's at least ten stories or so off the ground. I have invented some type of device which will let me fly quite silently. I fly off into the night. Now here my identity sort of shifts and I'm somebody else, and it seems this friend of mine has invented this flying device. My friend has flown off to help the police hunt down some kind of criminals or gang and he's going to be spying on them because of his ability to fly up to windows in buildings and the like. Now I and my girlfriend, I don't know who she is, must be out on this back porch. I've got a little flying device that my friend invented and I guess I have one for my girlfriend too. I'm not sure. I'm going to show her how to fly off in the night. We also had some type of infra-red scanning device which would allow us to see in the dark. There were some sort of semi-luminous signs I could put up in the air while we flew. I don't recall what they said. Well, I flew off a little ways and flew back. She stayed there. Then we were both back inside my apartment. No, we're still both on the porch and I had a sudden feeling that my friend had been caught by the criminals he was trying to hunt down, and killed. I told my girlfriend this. We went back into the apartment. Sure enough, a few minutes later we sort of heard it on the radio that he had been killed. Someone came up the stairs and brought me a message he had written to me just before he was captured or something like that. The message was in a flat wooden box. It was written on a whole bunch of pieces of wood, just as though it was cut up into a jigsaw puzzle, and they were blank and he had written on them. There was some sort of innocuous message on the front side. After the messenger left, I turned the pieces over and there was another message written on the back side as well as on  a little piece of white paper underneath the pieces of wood. This warned me that the criminals were trying to find out the secret of his flying device or something like that, and they would probably come after me since they knew that I was connected with him. At this point there seemed to be a number of other people in the apartment with us, as if I had been thrown a big dinner party and four or five other friends over besides my girlfriend. The correct number is indefinite in my mind. We said we had better lock up and take precautions so that the criminals couldn't come in on us. So somebody went off to lock the door up front. Somebody else went to lock the door to the back porch and to do this, they had to go into the kitchen, which was dark. Of course, it was still dark outside and the door had a glass window on the top half. A couple of girls were going to do this. They decided there might be a criminal outside. They didn't want the criminals to see them coming to lock the door because they might rush it before we got it locked. So one of the girls, who seemed to be some sort of a cross between my sister-in-law, Bonnie, and a female graduate student who I met recently, got down on the floor and crawled out the back door and sneaked her hand up and locked it without being seen, and crawled back. Then there was some sort of confused action I don't recall very well. Then the criminals had gotten into the apartment. They were trying to get the knife and machine away from me. I pretended I didn't know anything about it. I think they left because we had gotten off a warning to the police and they didn't want to be caught. After they had gone out, I revealed to everybody there that I could fly and I was going to chase the criminals now. I didn't seem to need any machine for it now. I said if anybody else could fly, he should also come on. I think one of the other girls, maybe it was my girlfriend, whoever she was, could also fly. I flew out the window and some of the criminals were just coming out of the building, really the whole gang of them. Now I go into a whole series of scenes where I would swoop down on them and hit them and push them in the truck they were trying to get away in. Superman-type actions.