I dreamed I was in a hardware store in the city where I go to graduate school  and there was a national alert on. I wasn't sure yet, but we might be at war and be bombed any time. So I and some other friends, I think there were two people, but I'm not sure who though, were stocking up on survival supplies. Then we were going out in the woods somewhere. We already had food and the like and they were getting a couple of last minute things in this hardware store. I was looking around to see if there was anything else that I thought would be useful. I stood up on a chair to look at some knives, sheath knives, which were displayed fairly high up on the wall. The interesting thing here is that I've dreamed of looking at this display before in this store, but I don't think I've ever seen them in real life. Anyway, I looked at one knife in particular which was a very large sheath knife, 12 or 15 inch blade. I noticed that the price was about $12 on it. I looked at that and looked at the others and realized they had double the prices on all these knives because they knew people would be anxious to buy them in the emergency. So I got down from the chair I was standing on to look at these and bawled out the clerk and said how ridiculous and how unpatriotic it was to double the prices because of the emergency. They ought to be ashamed. But he wasn't particularly impressed. There's some more action I don't recall. Then in the next part of the dream I'm up at this camp in the mountains, having driven there with my friends, except now my friends seem to comprise a whole troop of Boy Scouts. My age is indeterminate here, but I don't seem to be particularly older than the others, so I guess that makes me younger. There are several troops of Boy Scouts there, but it's apparently the end of the camping season and they are all leaving. So they all pile in cars and are gone. My troop left and although the camp has been supposedly closed up for the year, we make use of the facilities. I think the dominant idea here is that this camp is a good place to stay in case there is an enemy bombing. Then there's some more action I don't recall. Then I'm driving a car back from the camp over very narrow mountain roads, most of which are just paved with dirt. While I'm going down hills and around curves, I slow the car down by reaching way out in front of the car with a gigantic double pronged fork and sticking that into the ground, seemed to create a little friction that way and keep the car from speeding up too much down the hill. In the dream I am doing this to save wear and tear on the brakes on these rough mountain roads. There are one or two others in the car with me, but again, I think they're males, but I don't recall who they are or what their relation to me is. Going on driving down the road, we come into a town and it shifts over so that now we're all riding bicycles rather than being in a car. We were supposed to be following Route 65, but at certain crossroads in the town, we're not sure and go down Route 66. After a couple of blocks, we decide that's the wrong road. We're going to cut across so we can get on Route 65 again. So we turn around and go up another street and at one point several teenage girls on bicycles ride past us. We kind of wink at them and flirt a little bit. Then they're gone. We ride up and about the point where we get on Route 65, we ride into a supermarket from which it seems we've already done some shopping. Now we go out another door thru the supermarket and just before we go outside, there's a big box of kittens that someone is giving away. So I stop and look at them and finally pick out two that look real healthy. One of my friends is advising me to be careful which ones I pick because some of them are quite badly scratched and mauled from climbing over each other in this little box. So I finally pick two kittens and put them in a little box in the basket of my bicycle so I can take them on home.