I seem to be playing the role of the family physician and I have gone to the house of one of my patients for something or other and the boy in that family is sent out to get some sour cream, and the sour cream that he brings back apparently comes from a place that is too far away for the boy to have possibly gone there and back in the time he did, which makes me wonder if these people are aliens from another planet and have some sort of teleportation system. So this is all very sketchy, but somehow I go into another room and step into the center of the room and sure enough, I found myself stepping into some distant place where the sour cream was bought. Then I stepped back again. Then there's another scene in which I get an invitation to a party in a distant place and so I figure that these must be aliens also giving the party because it's so far away. I'm not sure whether the invitation was actually addressed to me or whether it was addressed to the patients. So anyway, I go to the party that night. I do, in fact, go into my patient's house and stepping into the center of that room and there I am. I already reasoned before doing this that he probably works this gadget by simply stepping into the center and thinking about where he wanted to go, or if that wasn't the way it worked, that it would undoubtedly be set to go to the party anyway because my patients would have gone. The last thing I recall in this dream is several of the aliens talking to one another and I think I sort of shifted between the detached observer and identified with one of the aliens. I talk about how I discovered this device of theirs as well as their existence, but they'll be able to make me forget it completely, so that it doesn't really matter. Then they seem to be reading a note of mine in which I have left a note that I have discovered their technique and I know they'll probably make me forget it. In the meantime would they mind if I made use of that device? I had a vague recollection that they made me forget all about them by snapping their fingers at me.