The dream takes place on an airplane, and this young woman has found a gadget that looks like a coffin and also like a big freezer display cabinet. And she's realized that this is some kind of device that puts you into suspended animation while you're in it, although you're still fairly aware of things going on around you. And she climbed into this gadget, as a way of getting into the country we're flying to -- which I think is Sweden -- for free because she thinks she'll be mistaken for a body that's being shipped back to Sweden. I and a number of other people are in one of the forward compartments of the plane, and the young man who's traveling with us goes back to the baggage compartment to look for someone else who's -- well, he goes back to look for this young woman, and he sees her through the glass panels of this coffin device, and he tells her that he realizes that she's not dead. And they get into some sort of argument. Then there's some action I don't recall very well, and then in the next part of the dream these devices have been discovered by people, and there are now many, many of them throughout the world, and more and more people are getting into these things and staying there for the most part. And I'm very upset by it, cause it looks like the whole world is going back to the womb, and it's worse than TV. Now I, at this point, seem to be identified with my wife, and I'm in a grocery store along with my husband and our child, although I don't believe this husband looks exactly like me. In my identity in the following tends to shift back and forth between being myself and being my wife. And I'm getting angry in the store and my husband -- because there are these coffin devices all over the supermarket with people in them. And something happens at the check-out counter: we get shortchanged, or the manager's discourteous to us, or something. And I get rather mad. And then in my role as wife, I'm trying to warn my husband not to get angry because one of the things the police do now to people who act up is to throw them into one of these coffin devices, where you'd remain suspended for God knows how long.