I am alongside a stream, a heavily wooded area, which seems to be similar to a swamp area near my home in my hometown. One other person is with me. This person's identity seems to shift during the dream between that of my wife and parapsychologist J. B. Rhine. I and this other person, who seems to have my wife's identity now, cross over this stream. The stream is 50 feet wide and ranges from several inches to several feet deep. My wife and I cross over and to do this we walk across a collapsed bridge. The bridge is collapsed in that most of it is fallen in, but there's still one rail running across it. It amounts to walking across a log that's just a foot or so across the water. It's a thing that you have to balance yourself quite carefully to get across, but we both get across with no mishap. We do something or other while we're on the other side, but I don't recall what. Then we have to go back and then it's at this point that the other person seems to be J. B. Rhine who crosses over ahead of me. Then I start to cross back over this stream, but I'm not sure of my balance. So I go back and there's an old dock right beside the collapsed bridge and out on the dock is a long iron rod, as well as the thing on the top that looks like an air filter on a carburetor. I figured the rod would serve me for balance or to actually push against the stream to maintain my balance. So I crawled out on the dock to get this and I have to be very careful because some parts of it are rotten. I have to keep off those as much as possible and spread my weight out so I won't go through. I get the iron rod and the carburetor thing, and also I notice that sticking in a tree stump near the end of the dock is an axe, but it's very strange because it has a shaft about 3 feet long or so. Halfway up the shaft is an axe head and at the top is a hammerhead, although this may have shifted into two axe heads in the dream. This thing had been sitting there for weeks anyhow, so I figured I might as well take it and make use of it because no one else seems to want it. So I take that along with me also. Now holding the axe and carburetor thing in one hand and using the iron rod and pushing against the bottom of the stream, I cross over the stream with no trouble. On the other side - my companion is now my wife again -  I also manage to pick up a suitcase somehow. It seems that in this air cleaner-type gadget I have brought across the stream (after having caught them on the other side) a baby fox and 4 or 5 baby beavers. Now the suitcase thing has turned into an open cage-like affair and the baby beavers and fox are in there. Here the mother fox comes out of the woods, prowls around looking very pitiful, so I decide to giver her baby back, and I do. She makes off with it. Then the cage that I have the beavers in is very strange because there's wire mesh on both sides. One side is almost completely open. At first I try to coax the beavers back into the air cleaner thing so they can't escape, and I finally get one in, but he gets back out again. He seems to fill the whole thing up himself anyway. So then I decide to leave them in the open cage and so I sway the open cage back and forth in such a way that the centrifugal force keeps them from climbing out over the edge. I go on up the hill to our home and the route I follow is pretty familiar. I think I've followed it in many dreams before, although it doesn't correspond very well to anything I know in reality, except there is one change in the route. When I get to the top of the mountain, there's some stairs which I then follow up the rest of the way, and these stairs seem to be inside an apartment house where we live. Some woman who is a neighbor of ours, I don't know who she was, sees me and remarks about the beavers, how valuable they are for their skins or something like that. But I tell her I'm primarily interested in watching them grow and I go on up the stairs and leave her.