I had two fascinating dreams during the day. I'm sleeping days now, since my sleep cycle's reversed. I'll dictate the latter one first, since I woke up and made a few notes to remind me of the first one. In this dream my wife and I are in my mother's home. She's out in the living room with my mother and a couple of other people, who turned out to be Florence and Chris. I'm in the bedroom, still in bed, and our daughter is in there with me. And another figure's in a bed on the other side of the room. Eventually this figure says, "Wouldn't you like to play with some blocks?" and I realize it's my Aunt Flossie. And I say that our daughter would like to play with them. The blocks seem to be the blocks from the Binet kit. I don't realize this at the time, but my Aunt Flossie died some two or three years ago. well, I eventually go out into the living room, and with my mother. And I don't remember whether my wife's around now or not, but Florence and Chris and Aunt Flossie. And Aunt Flossie's out in the kitchen making some coffee, and I'm out there with her, when suddenly I realize that she's dead. And I look at her and tell her, "You're dead; you're not here!" And she doesn't have much of a reply. And I figure if she's dead, there's something very unreal about the whole thing. So I said, "If you're dead, none of this is real." So I reach out and touch the coffee pot, which is boiling, and it doesn't feel hot, as I suspected it would. And I pass my hands thru the gas flames on the stove, and they're only very slightly warm. And I'm sort of satisfied at having proved my point. And I wander thru some other rooms, and I'm starting to go into the living room, and Florence and Chris and Aunt Flossie are starting to follow me. And they're starting to annoy me, because I said if this isn't real, I'll start manipulating it to be somewhat better now. So I step into the living room and make a heavy wooden door appear behind me and slam shut in their faces. And I make another one appear at the other door of the living room and slam that shut. The living room doesn't look really like the one in my mother's house. And then I look out the glass window and fly out right thru it, and fly away high up into the sky. And I sail around for a while, and then want to fly thru the night sky, like I did in the previous dream I'll describe later. So I close my eyes and wish myself to be on the other side of the world, where it's night with the moon out, flying in the sky. But I open them again and nothing's changed, except it seems to be a little bit later. So I continue sailing up in the sky here, about 50 feet or so from the ground. Then I fly over some trees which are around this very big house. The house is about -- it's brick, 3 stories tall. But then, above the 3 stories, it now has 2 more stories of wood which form sort of a very deluxe penthouse, with trees placed all around it, screening it from view from the ground. And down below on the ground, there are all sorts of holly wreaths and Christmas decorations up around the house. So I fly in and out among the trees and in toward this house, and several times I almost bump into the walls, but I stop myself in mid-air and turn around. Incidentally, I don't have to flap my, I don't have to fly by flapping my arms as I did in the previous dream. And eventually in my flying around, I notice a woman standing on one of the porches. And I fly around some more and eventually get into the house. And I've already worked out in my mind a sort of fantasy about this woman. She lives alone, with just one servant, because her husband died a long time ago. And I fly inside the house and meet her, and start talking to her. And she's been in seclusion for five years since her husband's death. And she looks sort of like a combination of a child that's multiplied in size and an old woman. But this isn't the way I want it in the dream. I want her to be young and beautiful, even though she's been secluded, so I can try to seduce her. So I manage to change her some in the dream, but not a great deal.