My wife and I were living in another town and we had gotten a little two-room apartment which was in back of a store with a back door to an alley. We rented it from a Ford dealer who owned the building it was in. It wasn't a particularly nice place, but we had fixed it up, gotten most of our furniture moved in, but apparently we hadn't quite moved in yet cause we were still living someplace else in town. Well, I was out walking this one morning. I happened to be walking in the neighborhood of the apartment. I thought I would stop over and take a look at the apartment for some reason. The address of the apartment incidentally was something like 106 Ford Hill. Well, I went around the alley and into the apartment and, much to my surprise, all our furniture was gone. There was a sign on the door which said something like 104-116. And there were several doors leading off of the apartment which all seemed to turn into just a big entrance hall for a whole bunch of other people's apartments. I thought at the time too that 104 was an apartment where one of my subjects lived. So I thought, well, they must have moved up to another apartment then. So I went upstairs. There were all sorts of other apartments and then I found ours, and I was shocked because there was no wall separating our living room from the hall. Our bed was placed out in a little nook in the hall with no wall separating it from the hall either. It was right by the stairway, and there were still some doors from other apartments leading right into our living room. Then I was extremely angry and indignant because we had been set up in this other apartment and now they gave us this thing, which in essence put us on public view in this crummy place where so many people would walk thru making noise and everything. So I went out and found somebody I knew, an older man. I was complaining to him about what had happened, and he was going to see the owner of the Ford place who owned the apartments and see what he could do for us. But I told him we just couldn't live there. My wife would be just shocked when she saw the place. Then the man I was talking to seemed to be an Egyptologist because he mentioned that he was excavating a new tomb and this tomb was a tombstone building, just one story tall, but it was quite long and had a lot of windows. My first thought was if we could possibly rent that as an apartment, but I decided it wouldn't be practical. They wouldn't have it cleared out in less than a year or so. It seems there were other Egyptian antiquities in this town also. That's about where the dream ended. There was a lot of carryover from elements of the previous day in this dream. Specifically, I had to get a new subject for my dissertation study and the boy I called to be a subject lived in 104 High Horse. The Ford dealer bit seems to have been inspired by a conversation with a friend about a car radio which made me think about the Ford dealer where we had just bought our Ford last summer. The anger and indignation I showed in this dream might be a reflection of the way I felt last night to some extent because the subject I had been training for my study had to drop out of it, and even though he had a valid reason, I'm sure I felt pretty hostile and upset about all these things. I didn't let myself feel it too much.