In this dream my sex keeps changing and I'll try to keep track of it, but I don't think I recall. The first part of it that I remember I'm up in the mountains at what seems to be my parents-in-law's cabin except it's not exactly like it and it had a dirt floor. It had all sorts of leaves and stuff over it. It's as if it used to be a church and that there used to be witchcraft practice at it I've been trying to practice some kind of witchcraft from which I've dug up all sorts of things from the floor of this birch cabin, but I decide they're not powerful enough, that they are too old and they should be left here to protect the place or something. So I buried them again and my identity seems to shift and it was as if some old woman had been practicing this stuff and then buried it again, and she's been arguing with my wife's parents that they should put a wooden floor in the cabin. I don't think they know why, but her reason was to make sure nobody would dig up this stuff again. So then the scene shifts and I'm myself again, but I'm not particularly aware of it. We're in the city again and we're trying to get rid of anything involved in magical preparations which were left from this witch's activities. The main thing that's left is a black cape. Now this cape in the dream is really just a big square piece of black cloth. It's very similar to a piece of black cloth I had as a child that I used to pretend was a cape and had various fantasies about being a magician or a vampire. I used to use it as a Halloween costume. This black cloth gradually changes in the dream such that it becomes a raggedy old fur coat, and it's important to burn this old fur coat in order to get rid of any influences of the witch. So I and a number of other people -- I don't know who these are -- are trying to burn it and I try to light the coat directly, and it won't burn very well. It flickered for a bit and then would go out. The fur doesn't seem to catch at all So then we set it up on a framework with a pile of leaves underneath. All this time we're in sort of an alley between two brick buildings. So we set fire to these leaves and things piled underneath, and then I get a whole bunch of big photographs, 4 x 6 prints, to throw in the fire to help it burn. These photographs have come from the student newspaper on campus, and are extras from their files. I'm looking thru these photographs as I throw them in and occasionally pulling out one that I don't want to burn. One of the first ones I pulled out had a picture of a very nice girl with no clothes on, so I decide to save that. Then I seem to pull out several that seem to be photographs made of me when I was a young child. I can't recall now what I was doing in these photographs, but I recognized them at the time as photographs taken of me which I hadn't seen in years. Well anyway, I saved some of these photographs, threw others into the fire, trying to make the coat burn, and the coat still wouldn't burn at all to speak of. Then I went off and did something and the place where we were burning the coat was sort of the student newspaper, I think. I noticed someone from the newspaper, a man, had picked up the photographs I had put aside to save and was filing them away in their files. I argued with him about this, that these were my photographs. He said no, they were the paper's, and I argued that they had thrown them out and I wanted to save those and they were mine anyway. He would have none of this argument and continued putting them back in the files, so I went out in anger and told him that the curse would probably fall on them because they interfered with burning the coat. I don't know yet if the coat managed to burn or not. I suspect not. Now my sex seemed to change and I was a young woman. I went up several flights of stairs to my apartment, which I apparently shared with this old woman who was a witch. I was very ambivalent about what I had done. I was glad to get rid of her and yet afraid of having burned her things and gotten rid of her. I don't know how I had gotten ride of her, incidentally, but I knew that she was dead. Yet in some ways I kind of missed her because I liked her, so I went into my apartment and was still very mad at the people at the newspaper and so I practiced some kind of spell to bring them bad luck or something. It was as though I was following in the witch's footsteps. And a lot of time passed, although I didn't experience it. And still as the young woman I was having trouble getting jobs and the like because of my connection with the witch. Finally I thought I would have a job as a servant to some woman who lived in one of the apartments downstairs. I went down and knocked at the door and it turned out she just wanted me to babysit for the afternoon while she went out shopping, but I took it anyway. The woman went out and I went into one of the back bedrooms This incident might have happened before this, but I'll describe it as happening now because I'm not sure. I went into one of the back bedrooms, which was only partially lit, and the old witch kind of materialized in the bed, and I was quite frightened, and she was calling my name, which I forget. It was some girl's name, but I don't recall it. Finally she dematerialized again and was gone. I went up to the front of the apartment to take care of the little children. There was a little boy and a little girl, both of them somewhere between 4 and 5, and I had put the children to bed. They were sleeping side by side in a big double bed, and I was telling them to go to bed, and as I was covering them, they both simultaneously became possessed by the witch. I jumped on top of them to hold them still and there was some tendency on their part to disappear and for the body of the witch to take their place. My sex may have been a little bit indeterminate at this point. There were some definite sexual feelings aroused in me by my kneeling over the body of this witch. I think I was trying to keep the body of the witch from materializing and taking over the bodies of these children. Then there follows some confused events which I don't recall clearly, the outcome of which was that I had died. I was a male again, incidentally. I was starting down a road after having died and there was a voice speaking to me from somewhere, and I asked it which road was the road to hell. It told me and told me that it was the one I would have to go down, and the road said something about experiencing again all these experiences of life. So I started down this road, which incidentally looked like a road I drove down yesterday on my way back from a psychiatric convention, but after going down this road a little ways, the voice told me to turn off onto a side road. I did and there was a stream with a little bridge across it, and there was a swing on the bridge, and a young girl in her teens, swinging in it. The voice told me here was an opportunity to redeem myself for having been involved with this witchcraft in my life, that this young girl was going to swing kind of hard in the swing and her father, who was standing on the other side of the bridge, didn't want her to. The girl actually had some suicidal tendencies, and if I could stop her from committing suicide, it would be a good thing for me. So I walked over to the bridge and the girl's father came up behind her. I sat down on the swing beside her. She couldn't see me or touch me or anything because I was dead, and her father told her a couple of other things and that she shouldn't swing so high. She promised him she wouldn't and then her father went off on some kind of business. Then my voice instructed me to see to it that the girl went somewhere and then learned how to make love and then came back here. So I was wondering how I was going to explain to her since she couldn't hear me, and then I began to wonder whether this was a test in itself because I thought at first that I should do exactly what this voice told me, but then I thought if this girl is feeling kind of suicidal and if she goes off and makes love for the first time and then feels guilty afterwards, and then goes off and commits suicide, which is what I'm supposed  to prevent, maybe I was supposed to think for myself and not give unquestioning obedience to this voice. So as I was thinking about this problem, this is about the point where I woke up.