A short little dream during an hour's nap. The first thing I recall being aware of in this dream was being in a hallway. It was windowless. And I was aware to a very great extent of the fact that I was dreaming. And I was at a point at a stairway in the hallway where I could go up or down. When I started to go down these very bleak concrete stairs, I realized that going down these stairs probably represented symbolically a descent into my own unconscious mind. And this was somewhat frightening at the time because I thought I'd have to deal with all sorts of unconscious material that would be represented by monstrous creatures. And so I went down one flight, really questioning whether I should go, because I really didn't feel like dealing with these monstrous creatures right now. And on the other hand, I didn't just want to run away from them. And so after going down one level, I walked along a hallway a little bit, and started thinking about how I'd have to fight these monstrous creatures, and fantasized myself some weapons. First I thought of creating a sword for myself, and then thought that probably wouldn't be too effective against them. As along as I was going to create weapons, I would go all the way. So I fantasized a protective force field around myself to keep anything from getting thru to me, and a little gun which would disintegrate anything I pointed it at. But although I hadn't met any monsters yet, I decided this wasn't what I really wanted to do right now, so I went back down the hall and up the concrete stairs again. And I went up several flights, thinking that symbolically I was starting to go into higher levels of consciousness this way, and that if I went high enough, I might have a very mystical or psychic type experience. As I went up the stairs, the steps became less dingy-looking and dank. And then at one point I walked over along one of the halls to a wider set of stairs in the center of the building, thinking that symbolically I would be ascending to the upper reaches of consciousness in a more grand way this way. And eventually, exercising a fairly high degree of conscious manipulation, I ended up in a tower room up at the very top of this building, from which I was able to look out over the countryside. And I was careful not to stand too close to the edge, because I hadn't created the railing very strongly. Then there followed some conscious effort on my part to keep maintaining this dream of being at the top of the tower, and this was interspersed by two or three episodes, I don't recall exactly where they occurred, but they were from here on, of partially waking up from the dream and starting to hear the sounds of the house - in my body - but by an effort, managing to suppress them again and slide back into the dream. Each time I went into this condition of hearing what was going on in the room about me (what I thought was going on in the room around me), I noticed my body seemed to be fairly effectively paralyzed right at the time also. There was more of the dream in which I was still semi-conscious and controlling it, but I don't recall it.