The following dream occurred about two hours earlier, and I woke up afterwards and made a few quick notes before going back to sleep. In the dream I'm in one of our laboratories at the hospital, helping Jimmy Scott and somebody else change the paper on a polygraph and plugging it in. And when it comes time to plug it in, I pivot up to a horizontal position, floating in the air, and float across the room and push the plug in. And they are a little bit amazed at this, but don't take too much notice. Then I float out into the corridor, and decide to float around the hospital, as long as I'm floating, and enjoy it. And I float past various bunches of doctors and nurses here and there. And occasionally people notice me, but usually they don't. And finally I stop and talk to one nurse how that what I'm doing is impossible so that everybody refuses to notice me. They're not in the least bit aware of me. She kind of smiles at me and agrees yes, but I realize that even she isn't fully aware of what I'm doing. During all this floating, in order to move around, I have to flap my arms sort of as if I were swimming, and the air was very thick, which isn't the way I usually fly in dreams. I usually just will myself to go. And the scene shifts now, and I seem to be flying along a few feet above the floor in this very big department store, which has marble floors similar to the hospital. And there's a big ramp leading from one floor to another, and so I fly down to the other floor. And this gets into a kind of confused sequence when I'm flying after this girl I see ahead of me that I seem to want to meet. And I eventually catch up with her and want to buy her some socks and underwear. But some other girl comes up, who thought I was chasing her or something. And she's quite upset because I'm buying something for the 2nd girl, but she buys something just to sort of rationalize her existence there. Meantime, the first girl's wandered back the way we came. And so I start going back after her. The girl then sort of disappears from the story, and I find that I'm in my bathroom at home, floating horizontally in the air. And I'm floating back and forth and bumping against the door at one end and the wall at the other end, where the window is. And I want to float thru the window and outside, but I can't float thru it; it seems solid. But eventually I start hitting harder and harder against the wall where the window is, and all of a sudden it turns into a door that pops open. And I float out into the night sky. It's a very beautiful night out, with the moon half full and the stars shining. And I keep thinking how in the dream that this is what I've always wanted to do, to float thru the tree tops silently at night. And so I proceed to float silently thru the tree tops at night. And the scenery is sort of a combination of my college's town and my hometown. and I float around, here and there, looking at things, and I still think that I ought to be able to float thru things, so I try hurling myself thru the air at a tree trunk, to go thru it, although I'm a little bit leery of the process. And sure enough, I just bump into it and bounce off, but fortunately it was a soft bump. But then I fly around a little bit more thru the tree tops. I never get much more than 20 feet or so off the ground. And I notice a girl out in the woods, off one of the regular paths here. And I fly over toward her, wondering if she can see me, because I don't think that she'll even know that I'm there. And as I approach her, she's laying down and spreading her legs apart. She's dressed in a very scanty costume. So I fly over top of her, and start rubbing her, and she's very much aware of me. And we actually start to have intercourse. But I think, this is going to distract me from this more wonderful thing of flying thru the trees at night. So I just break connection with her and fly off again. So I fly away and then I find myself back home. But home is a place I've never seen before now, with very high ceilings. And I'm in a bathroom off a bedroom, and in the bedroom are my mother and my father, who's also been dead several years, and our daughter, and some miscellaneous person. And I'm floating near the top of the bathroom door. They don't see me, but I wonder if our daughter will see me, and sure enough, she looks up and says hi to me. And I also see my own body, lying asleep on the bed. And then comes a little episode where I almost have the door closed on me, and I move back into the bathroom and eventually slip out of the bathroom again before the door's closed completely on  me. And then there's something of a lapse, and next thing you know, I'm in bed, and beside me in bed is my mother. And my mother is very desirous of having sexual relations, and so we start having them. And I rationalize this at this point by saying that my father's been dead for several years and my mother's very lonely and horny, and so that this would be alright. I might add that in both dreams there was a great deal of conscious awareness of the fact that I was dreaming and many attempts to manipulate the dream content.