I'm driving my car uptown in my hometown with an older man who's a psychologist who I can't think of, or rather I can't recall who he was, and someone else about my age whose name also escapes me. We park and have to go to a new building across the street, which is some sort of physics laboratory. It's raining. This older man has an umbrella, but this other boy and I run across the street in the rain. We run inside. They haven't quite completed work on the building yet. We get inside to this very large room. The ceiling is 50 ft. high or so and there are all sorts of people milling around in there talking. I'm looking for a girl, Joyce Reader, who is a girl I liked very much in early high school, but whom I haven't thought of in years. I'm wandering around looking for her in this big room, when bits of the plaster from the ceiling start to flake off and fall down. There's a horrible cracking sound and the crack spears in one wall, several times it extends itself, making a cracking sound each time And somebody said it was just a normal settling of a new building, but I get kind of worried and work my way around and get out of the room and run out of the building. While I'm doing this, the plaster starts falling off the ceiling in much greater quantities and people realize it's quite dangerous and they start getting out. Once I'm outside the building, the building seems to be the United Nations building instead of physics building. I'm trying to help report on the damage, and I'm talking to a couple of secretaries and describing to them what was happening inside. We decided we needed information about what was happening on the top of the building and I have a big wooden board, about 4 feet by 2 feet or something like that. I flopped this and tried to fly to the top of the building with it, but I can't get more than 2 feet or so off the ground in spite of a lot of muscular effort. The building is about 50 stories, so this isn't very practical. One of the secretaries tells me there's a lad on the 14th floor doing work on anti-gravity and go up there and get an anti-gravity unit, but not to tell anyone because this is strictly classified work. So I apparently go up the stairs or something and get to the 14th floor and get an anti-gravity unit from some female technicians who work there, and fly up to the top of the building and make a report, and also fly around and direct the people who are coming out so they don't get into traffic jams or panics. There's some intervening action I don't recall. Then I'm going back into the building, which has been repaired and is safe now, and I want to go back to the lab where I got the anti-gravity unit. I get into the elevator, which I had some difficulty finding because there were a bunch of lockers which kind of looked like elevator doors around, and I also noticed they had some separate corridors for Negroes, which bothered me. I get in the elevator and tell the operator 4th floor, and as it starts to stop, I realize I want the 14th, and I tell him that and we go on up. It's a rather dizzying ascent, which is quite fast. On the 14th I got out and I think the room is 213, and I go into 213 and that's not the place, so then I wander around to the east side of the building and find the laboratory. When I walk in, the first person is a big powerful man, and since this is classified and he doesn't know that I was there before, he pretends he doesn't know what I was talking about. Finally, I tell him not to worry because after I figured out how the unit worked, I destroyed the original one and so the secret wouldn't get out. I needed something else from the lab or something like that, but he told me I couldn't get into the lab. He slept right there in the entrance room and he would catch anybody that tried to get in. So then, just to show him that he shouldn't worry about the secret device getting out, I showed him a device I had in my pocket, which wasn't one of the anti-gravity type devices, but some other sort of gadget of no consequence, but I just slipped it out of my pocket and slipped into a little box and held it up to him and told him it was a new kind of anti-gravity unit. And I slipped it in my pocket and it proceeded to float in the air right in front of him. This convinced him that I had duplicated his own invention.