I'm recording this because it stuck in my mind some and my wife didn't mention there was a tree in her dream. My dream starts out with me being in the Sunday School of the church I used to belong to. And it's during one of the services. But I'm sitting there in nothing but my underpants, and I begin to feel a little bit conspicuous. So I finally decide I'll go home. I go into the back room, but sort of change my mind. I think I should stay, even if I am conspicuous, so I sit down in the back room, just sort of watching the service through the door. I sit down beside a bunch of girls and other younger people. And I still feel somewhat conspicuous. And the girls - teenage girls, I guess - I'm sitting beside, seem to be the witches for the church. And so finally I go get a robe and a small pointed cap, put that on my head and sit down beside them, and I'm a witch, like them. And some people come in from the stairs and they're kind of surprised that I'm a witch, but they accept it. And I'm sitting there thinking when I'm wearing this tall witches' cap and everything, I seem to be very powerful. Then there's a confused scene. And then I'm peddling my bicycle up the hill away fro the church along with a couple of other people. Then another ambiguous transition. And then I and this girl are sitting up on top of this roof, sloping roof. And there's an alley down below. And I think the building we're on is a garage. And she's dressed, but her blouse is open, and I'm fondling one of her breasts. And then there's another girl down in the alley below, and I help her climb up onto the roof. And it's a little precarious, but I grab her hand as soon as she can climb up a little bit so she can get up, and at one point her arm seems to be awfully long. But once she gets up there, she's a very nice girl, and we go back over to where the other one was. And then there's some more parts I don't remember, and I'm back with just this one girl who climbed up on the roof now. And it seems that she and I are both in our teens, about 16 or something like that. And we've been bumming around the country together for several months, and living and loving together. And now we're on a train, which is heading toward Harvard Square in Boston. And we've been traveling like this on trains for some time, I think. And anyway, I'm inside the train, but she's up on top of the roof, because neither one of us has paid our fare. And I'm trying to get back up on the roof with her, but I don't want to be seen by the conductor or anybody. I don't want to be conspicuous so they'll ask me for my ticket. And I walk to the back of the train and stand at the doors of the last car at the very back, and want to go out through them. But there's sort of a little refreshment stand there with the conductor and some sort of train personnel in it, so I can't very well do that. Eventually the train stops at some stop and most of the people get off. It's sort of a cross between a train and a trolley now. And I think that perhaps I'll go outside and climb up the side of the car and get on, but it's too crowded a stop. People would be sure to see me. But then somehow my girlfriend has gotten in the train herself, which is much more like a trolley now. And we sit together in one of the seats in the almost empty car and we're necking quite passionately, but then the lights brighten again and the train is set to go on. And so we stop, because it's not legal to neck on trolleys in Boston. And so we go on in and get off at Harvard Square. And we go into some sort of dive somewhere where we can get something to eat real cheap because we have hardly any money. And there's some confusion about what I'm drinking. It seems to be a mixture of milk and beer. And then we picked up a third friend somehow, and all of us go over to see some sort of game - I don't know whether it was football or basketball or what - between Harvard and M.I.T. And I wondered about which side I should root for. And the dream seems to fade out about there.