An intriguing dream which seems to strike me as very symbolic. In the first part of this dream I am the captain of a sailing ship of some sort. It's a very primitive thing. And I have quite a large crew, but they're not individualized at any time. And it seems as if the world has been destroyed in some kind of a toxic catastrophe or something. And we manage to sail to England somehow, and Britain has held out very well against the catastrophe. And they make me part of their navy or something, and give me an atomic submarine to command, which, of course, is a marvel of power and intricacy compared to what I'd been used to. Then we have sailed to my home in N.J. somehow. And there are now four levels to my home in N.J., and we go down to the lower levels, which were not known to me when I was a child and lived there. And I have been to these lower levels in other dreams, particularly the lowest one. The lowest one is at least a sub-basement, if not lower. And in the previous dream in which I had been here, I -- and I don't recall if anyone else was with me -- dug up a grave there, trying to find some sort of treasure. And I believe I found there was no treasure in the grave itself. However, there were other things in the cellar, instruments of sorts, all sorts of things that you'd find stored in a cellar. And I had taken these with me the last time I'd been here in a dream, and this apparently had made the trip worthwhile. Well, now I had come back, and the cellar was a fearful place, and there'd been some sort of tragedy connected with the last trip there. So I was very sure about getting some adequate electric lights in the cellar so we could see and not have any shadows that were too deep. And I had my crew go down, and I went down too, and we took out some more tools and instruments and stuff; these were the last things that were still of some value. And we loaded these onto the submarine, including a very large tube, and by large I mean something on the order of 15 or 20 feet long and 3 or 4 feet thick, although one man carried it to the submarine. And we took this into the submarine and used it as ballast, and it fitted around everything we already had down there. It was made of brass, I believe. And when it was being put in, there was something dangerous about the part of the submarine where the ballast was. Somebody, the last time we had been to the cellar, had loaded something in and gotten trapped in the ballast thing somehow and been killed. And his body had been left in there, and it was turned into radioactive dust or something like that. Anyway, we were afraid that one crewman who had loaded this pipe in there would be exposed to the body and die from it. But he reported that the body was just dust and a skeleton now, and he wasn't affected in the rest of the dream. When we left the cellar, I think I tried to close it off thoroughly, so that nothing could get in or out of it. I think I'm not really sure whether I did or not. We did pull the electric lights back out, although there were one or two which were actually permanently installed down there, and I left those going. Oh, also another thing that seems symbolically important, the level immediately above this sub-cellar was now the first floor of the house, instead of the sub-cellar being three floors below it. And I seemed much more competent and masterful in my actions in the cellar this time than I had been before. This before dream, incidentally, may have been well over a year, maybe several years, in the past. We then sailed on off in this atomic submarine, and we sailed -- oh, as we started sailing off, we had some extra people on board for some reason, and I switched identity for a while to someone other than the captain of the ship. And I was standing right by the forward ventilator so I'd be sure to get enough air as the submarine started. Then we sailed around what had been New York, but it was all flooded. Only second stories of buildings stayed above things. And we stopped before one building, which was the second floor of the Smithsonian Institute, even though in the dream I thought this was N.Y. before. And this man got out, and he was going to go back to his office, which had been on the second floor of the Smithsonian. It struck me as a little bit strange in the dream, because I thought the flooding had occurred more than 75 or 80 years ago, and so this man couldn't be that old, but I apparently revised my date in the dream to compensate for this man going back to his office. And he was given an hour to come back; if not, we were going to search for him. And he left and went across, I guess he had a boat, but I didn't see it at the time, and it seemed as if he was practically walking thru the water. And he was wearing a uniform just like the captain's, except he had on a conventional hat instead of an officer's cap. And about 3/4 of an hour passed and he hadn't come back yet, so we sent a robot in after him. And the robot took along a small portable boat too. And the robot had gone into the building and was searching when the dream ended. I might add that in the cellar the danger was definitely personalized, as if it were some sort of demons or something. A psychological note which might help interpretation: The last week or so I've been thinking how much I've always been looking for a father figure that I could admire the past few years, and thought that just recently I had actually realized this and stopped doing it. And last night before this dream, I had been thinking of how I had finally realized that I could not expect perfection from my friends and I should accept my friends even though they had some faults. I applied this line of thinking particularly to J.B. Rhine, who I may have looked after as a father figure to some extent. And I started applying this line of reasoning to myself, accepting my own faults, and thought that my own attitude up this point had always been a matter of recognizing that I had faults, but not accepting them as me, but only as something to get rid of. I thought that perhaps I could accept these faults as part of myself, even though I would like to be able to change them. And I thought I should go on thinking this way, but my mind slipped away from it and didn't follow up this line of thought, and I put it out of my mind. The dream seems in some respects to have been a continuation of this line of thought. This thing about not looking for a father figure any more seems particularly symbolic in the dream, because one of the sailors wanted to dig into the grave to look for some treasure, but I knew in the dream that there was none there, that I had tried digging into that grave on my previous dream and there was nothing in it.