This dream starts out in a fashion I don't remember, but then I am one of a whole group of pioneers out in the woods somewhere, striving to build a shelter which will enable us to survive until we can get back to civilization. And we built some sort of a log cabin up on stilts. And we've cached some of our food underneath the cabin. And some Indians gather in the woods to try to steal it. And the Indians are wearing white robes. And several of us fire some shots in the air, well, we fire toward them, but we don't hit any of them, and chase them away, and they run further back in the woods and regroup there. I'm not sure just who I'm identified with at the moment, among the pioneers. but then I observe the actions of this one pioneer, whom I later become identified with, and it seems that one Indian is stealing right back to the cache. And there's very little gunpowder left, but this pioneer runs right up to the Indian very silently and shoots him and kills him. And the musket he uses is rather strange because the barrel is bent. It comes out straight and then there's a sudden bend of about 25 degrees; the barrel goes on for a foot or so. And he does kill this one Indian. I think the other Indians take him away, the dead Indian, that is. Then the pioneer that killed the Indian seems to go psychotic for a while, and he has a long sword in a sheath that is open along one side so the sword keeps slipping out. And in some way he seems to resemble a monkey and also there's something kind of obscene and phallic about the whole thing. But he recovers from the worst part of it in a few minutes, and then just seems to wander about the camp, suitable for guard duty or something. The other pioneers go out to work, and now I gradually become identified with this one pioneer. And he's wearing some white sheets and some leather draped over him, and none of the other pioneers have these white sheets (they look more like white rags, draped over their shoulders). Now a group of Indians comes up, including an Indian priest, who is also wearing white and leather. And so I step up to him, figuring I'll pretend to be our priest, and see if I can gain some advantage. The leader of the pioneers comes up to me to say no, but I get him away somehow. And the Indian priest tells me about a problem he has in curing somebody, that he wanted to cure him by giving him steak, but he couldn't get any steak, which was an obvious reference to their failure to steal from our cache, which did have some steak in it. So I go off with the Indian priest, down this trail. And he's a kind of short, dumpy man. And another Indian looks at me and starts to grab me as we go down, but he sees that I'm with the priest and that it's all right. And we turn off the trail into a church where the priest wants to show me something. As we're turning off, I notice that over to the side that there are some street lights, and a modern city ahead of us, which strikes me as a little bit incongruous in the dream. But we don't go on to it. We go up to the back of this priest -- up to the back of this church, lighting our way with torches. And this priest has to hold this torch while he goes thru what I think at first is his special entrance to the church. But it's a rectangular opening in the concrete about the size of a coffin, and he goes down thru this hole down at the bottom. And he seems to be having some difficulty getting thru; he was going to take me with him. And then he falls down there, and he breaks his leg. And I go down to help him, and there's a lot of books down in this hole, incidentally. And somehow or other we end up in a sort of precarious position, perched up on some walls around this opening, and this whole location later shifts to higher up on the church. And I'm supporting him so he won't fall, and I'm trying to call for help. And he has turned into a Negro, and people who pass by outside are turning into Negroes instead of Indians. And he's still a priest. And finally we're able to attract help by hollering for it fairly loudly, so that the children and their teacher who are in school in part of the church below hear us. And before rescue quite comes, our position is less precarious, and I'm going to take some of the bandages off the priest's foot that I had put there. But instead, he takes the bandages off my feet where they had been, and he had supposedly put them there, although I didn't remember it, because of some sort of soreness or something I'd had. So somehow we have both been cured. An additional note on this first dream. It seems, once I was talking to this priest, that this cache of food and stuff buried under the cabin had been put there by the Indians rather than us, as some sort of a magical ritual, and that we'd made something of a mistake in keeping them away from it. That's all.