A dream in which I am partially conscious and exercise some conscious control. The dream takes place at my mother's house in N.J. I am floating in the air and trying to project, but can't fly up thru the ceiling, although my hands seem to penetrate slightly into it. I become more conscious and decide to try harder. I say the "LW" and "Ra" to myself several times. It seems as if I hear, my physical body seems to be speaking the words also (the sense of dual consciousness is quite strong at some points in the dream) and I wonder if I will wake anyone and if my physical body is really saying them. I try to make my sounding of the words "purely mental" so as not to disturb anyone. The vowel sounds had two effects: (1) I sailed back and forth thru the air from the front door to the kitchen much more rapidly than before (every couple of seconds or so) as if I were gathering energy to break thru the walls and out; and (2) my position changed from horizontal on my stomach to one in which my feet were straight up in the air and I sailed up thru the ceiling and 50 feet or more into the sky. (Memory is somewhat fuzzy from here on) Although I was now up in the sky, I could not see anything, for my eyes were closed. I tried hard to open my "astral" eyes, but couldn't. There was a strong sensation of my physical eyelids straining (sense of dual consciousness was strong here), and I was afraid they would open and wake me. At one point there was a flash of light in my right eye, as if it had opened momentarily (on reflection, I believe the room was actually almost perfectly dark at the time of this dream), and this discouraged me from further trying.  I seemed to be able to move my "astral" limbs quite freely, even though I couldn't open my eyes. Some action I don't recall very well. Then I'm finally seeing, and flying a few feet off the ground in the back yard, trying to fly higher. But my mother keeps reaching up from the ground and keeping me from flying higher, despite my entreaties to let go. Eventually I am able to fly 50 feet or more and off. I don't recall the rest of the dream, and I guess my semi-consciousness lapsed into dream consciousness.