Before this, a long dream, of which I recall only fragments. The Earth is occupied by aliens who have conquered it. I am in the throne room of the alien queen, and I manage to run out, along with someone else I have helped escape. This other man is a very important person for liberating the Earth. As we run out of the throne room, we are shot at with various energy weapons, but missed, although I think (not actually perceive) in the dream that great sections of the walls are blasted away. We dodge through corridors where there is much fighting -- our escape has started this. We go down some very crowded stairs. Some sort of slave class has now been persuaded to fight on our side, and is swarming up the stairs. We go underground to the subways. It seems that this place is NYC. Then all sorts of riding through subway tunnels, occasionally coming above ground for a few minutes. Finally we are riding in a steam-powered car, and have gotten about 850 miles from NYC. We crossed under the Hudson on a forgotten underground railway tunnel, which only came to the surface for a brief moment in the middle of the river. The steam car we are riding in now looks sort of like a trolley. We are suspicious of the few other cars we see, as they may be occupied by alien patrols, but none of them spot us. The roads have gone to pot since the aliens have taken over, and we help some people whose car is stuck in the snow. Finally we arrive at a small town which is our destination, as up on the snow-covered mountainside is a ruined castle which is a secret headquarters for the liberation movement, and they will now be very glad I have brought this person there. A man comes down the mountainside to meet us, a wise-looking, gray-haired man. That's all I recall. Thoughts on interpretation: my wife was very hateful and petty last night about Lil .... why do I have a female friend she hasn't met, etc. In the dream: my wife is the alien queen, who I must escape from via mechanical gadgets, taking a very important person (my inner self) underground, hidden, trying to get to a distant point where I (we) can come up again. Yet there is a curious sense of disappointment when we arrive at the final goal, although not too strong. Who is the gray-haired man? Are the energy weapons the blasts of hate my wife sends out when she gets like she was last night? Representing her as a queen is appropriate because of the emotional power she has over me.