Dream which seemed of unusual significance (typed immediately after waking). First recallable facts are these: this town had been flooded a year or so ago, with much loss of life, and the water still covered most of the town up to the first story of buildings. At this main intersection of the town there was a hole that water flowed out thru (although later in the dream it also seemed as if the water came from this hole), but id didn't drain off enough to lower the level. It did drain enough to create a small whirlpool there, and in an earlier dream episode I, or perhaps a friend of mine, had been caught in it in a small boat and been sucked down, either escaping narrowly, or been killed. Anyway, I had now constructed a special boat, which was very wide and flat, and powered by six outboard motors. It had a device which would throw sticks of dynamite into the water in a precise sequence, and I and my expedition of several other people were going to stop over or beside the drain and so enlarge it, thus draining the town. We had to be careful not to blow too large a hole and endanger ourselves, though. We got the boat beside the whirlpool and released some dynamite, but without accomplishing our purpose. Then after indeterminate action, we were in a different part of town, where the water did not reach because it was higher ground. Some sort of spell had been cast over us because the town seemed as alive as it had been before the flood, and we saw and talked to friends who had been drowned at that time, being very glad and not realizing we were under a "spell" of some sort. We were gradually led toward the flooded areas without realizing it, and had walked into the water almost up to our faces when I or someone suddenly realized that we would be drowned if we walked any farther. Although it wasn't normally noticeable, and you couldn't see it, if you set your mind to it, you could become aware of a subtle, chilly feeling that the water around your body caused. So we hastily got back out of the water, and I think a great deal of the illusion of the town being peopled, active, etc. disappeared as we did so. The illusion returned in most of the following, intermittent episodes, however, although I (we) often distrusted our sensations of this. Memory fades out as to exactly what happens next. However, the above seems like only a small fraction of the total dream. There were numerous times when I partially awoke, realized I was dreaming, in order to solve a very important problem concerned with the flooding of this town and the sinister forces that were trying to drown or otherwise capture me and my expedition. They did get  number of people from my expedition, and almost got me several times. I was constantly alert to the water sensation, and constantly trying to figure out just what it was I should do to save the situation. This took the ideas of continuing with the idea of enlarging the drain hole via an explosion, just looking for something in general (I don't know what), or blowing up a sport shop in the center of the flooded district where the sinister forces seemed to emanate from or be associated with. One of the fragments in here I recall is being attacked by half a dozen "people," directed by a general of the "opposition." These people had been drowned during the flood, but were animated by the sinister forces. They tried to drag me deeper into the water, but I got away from them. Individually, they were rather weak, but half a dozen of them were pretty formidable. Also, they lost their strength if they were out of the water, and it was in the water that the sinister forces were concentrated. Then I talked to the "general," who seemed a very cultured and aristocratic gentleman. I don't know what we talked about, but it might have been something about stopping these illusions and fighting out in the open. Even as we talked, this general tried to trick me into going deeper in the water. At other times in these intermediate episodes, I thought that perhaps the best thing would be to drown, surrender to the enemy, as it might be that these were just spirits surviving death, and then I would be with all my friends who had been drowned. In another intermediate episode, the sport shop seemed to have become a giant mushroom, 20 or 30 feet high, but it quickly went back to a sport shop, and I don't recall what I was going to do while it was a mushroom. There were a number of other intermediate episodes that I don't recall at all. I call them episodes because I think I woke up partially in between each one. In at least one of these episodes, I was partially awake in the dream, for I knew I was lying in bed dreaming, yet I could see the dream scenery (the town) (although it wasn't as intense then), but knew I should go back and continue with the dream, continue looking for a solution. The last dreaming I recall before awakening takes place, I believe, still in this town. The sinister forces have become mainly personified in the person of a young woman who is a witch of some sort. Not ugly, but a nice-looking woman. I have been wandering around this town, carrying something in my hand that looks like a bicycle generator, a metal case with a small wheel on one end, similar to the one Ben Haimel gave me before we left for California. I accidentally discover that giving the wheel a twirl in one direction along the ground will make me invisible to all the people around me, while twirling it the other way returned my visibility. I wander around among the people some, testing my invisibility by bumping them, and thus becoming assured that I really am invisible. I think a thought struck me in the dream that the people were illusory anyway, the product of the spell, and by becoming invisible I could not be affected by the spell. I get on a bicycle (which becomes invisible as I get on), a very large bicycle, and start riding around. The witch drives by in her station wagon and, although she can't quite see me, she does sense me somehow, and drives after me, but I drive through some narrow spaces where a car can't follow and lose her. I then start riding out of town, fearing that she would be more likely to find me if I stayed in town, and anxious to find my friends so we may plan how best to use this invisibility to fight again the sinister forces. I think I am awakened at this point. Note that my wife remembers a dream revolving around trouble with the water supply (a shortage) in a town. Note that over the past few days I have been intermittently thinking about how to initiate a program of spiritual development, to become as intensely interested in spiritual things as I was years ago. I have been trying simple breathing exercises, which have been frustrating, as my lung capacity isn't what it used to be.