An early dream. Two other men and I had robbed a bank. The loot we got was 3 amplifier covers, perforated metal covers, white in color. Except that they seemed very valuable in the dream. I gave a lid to each of my companions, who then left. One of my companions was a Negro, and I identified with him at this point, although I gradually and imperceptibly shifted back to myself somewhere along the line. After giving the last companion his lid, I hid mine in a hole in the wall outside my apartment, as I was worried about being followed by crooks who might steal my lid. Sure enough, three big, burly, muscular crooks chased me through the streets. Somewhere here I acquired an indistinct companion, perhaps my Negro companion. We dashed into the water and swam out to and sat on a fallen tree. The three crooks went out on a point about 100' away. One tried to swim toward us, but I hooked him with some fishing line and a hook, and kept him from getting too close. While I was doing this, the other two crooks had swum underwater (I hadn't thought they could swim) under our tree and tried to grab us, but we managed to dive into the water and get away again. The next scene takes place at home, with my wife in the house. The three crooks are prowling about outside, and seem to be invisible, since they can rattle the doors without being seen. I lock the back and front doors and, noticing that they are shaking the bedroom door, get my .22 pistol from the drawer and start trying to shoot them. They become visible during this action. My pistol won't shoot; it emits little puffs of smoke and flame, sometimes, but despite my repeatedly pulling the trigger, it won't shoot. Luckily the police come about this time and arrest the crooks (not me, as I no longer recall the bank robbery). I resolve to go right down to Alec's and get a reliable, bigger caliber pistol. There was another long dream after this, concerning making something or advising people to do something which would result in the cigarette companies suing me, according to Bob Liebt, but that's all I can recall of it.