A dream I got up in the middle of the night to record. Dream starts out with my coming to this little cabin on the mountaintop. And there are three other people there, and I am the fourth person coming. And these are friends of mine, and they've been expecting me. And I'm wearing a pair of shorts that has a couple of big holes in it near the anus and crotch. One of the people there is my mother, and I'm upset, but also amused, that my pants are so ragged. Also my friends are amused. when I get there, I have to crawl through a little opening to get into the cabin. And then there's parts that I don't recall, and then we're discussing an invention that a friend of mine has made. The people there now seem to consist of this man and his wife, and the man is later identified as Jung, and myself and another female. And Jung, although he's not called that yet, has invented something which looks like a tuning fork, except he's changed all the molecules in it, so it will act as the key to power some sort of machine that will slip from universe to universe. And he's careful not to let anybody else get ahold of it, this key, because it could be misused. Then there's some part about my identity now being that of a young girl, and then identifying with my young brother, or looking for someone vaguely identified as my father. And we follow him in this machine and finally find him, and give him to Jung, who takes him into the house. Oh, before this, I should mention that one of the first things I did on coming to the house was go to the observation platform on top. And I was looking at the beauty of the mountains all around us. And then I was rather amazed when I looked in one direction to see a city which was identified as Charlotte, North Carolina, and I was amazed that we were so close to the city and so far up in the mountains. Oh, also this other couple as sort of tentatively identified as Bob and Jean Crosse before he became Jung. Anyway, we gave this person who might have been my father to Jung and I was pushing on the brake of the machine to keep it from going anywhere, since it was parked on a hill, sort of like a car. And then my little brother and I got into the machine, because it started moving off through the air and back again as if it were phasing back and forth between this world and the one we had come from. Then there is some other action I don't remember, and two final things -- one, that Jung destroyed the key somehow, turned it back into ordinary metal. And two, that Jung was explaining to me how tremendous power of the things he'd discovered and how dangerous it was. And I had a sudden feeling of fear just sweep over me, as I'd started to come in contact with these things. And this fear woke me up, and yet at the same time in a way I was curiously aloof from this fear. I was afraid, but my curiosity and my determination to overcome it were also very strong. And this did wake me up -- ruminating about it half-awake there. That's all I can recall. It would seem I've forgotten a good deal of the details of this.