Beginning lost. Then as follows: Two couples we are meeting figuring in. One couple is bold, extraverted, perhaps the "unknown couple" of previous night's dream, but I'm not sure. Something was different about them. They are introducing us to the second couple, who are very different -- I say "us," although I don't recall my wife actually being in the dream. The first couple has some sorts of roses or similar flower in boxes, which is needed by us. The second couple has a different, smaller kind of flower, more of them than the roses. The combination of these is very adequate for whatever we need them for. There was a good deal about this, but I don't recall most of it. Then a second episode, centering around a couple that I think is the same as the above shy couple. We are to meet them. I am standing at a bar in NYC with the wife, who is naked, and I have my arm around her and one of my legs twined around her legs as we stand. I suppose I am naked, although I don't remember it. She is somewhat skinny, but generally attractive. Older too, I think. Then her husband comes up and tells me to let go of his wife. He is a short, thin man with a crew cut and a rather mousy look. Now somehow, Andriga Puhari has gotten in the dream and is with me. I let go of the wife, and identify with Puhar, who makes a very skillful apology, which ends up being a written apology on a letter he puts on the bar. I add a letter of my own, much shorter, in which I concur with the apology, and mention I just have a habit of curling around women, like my father, Puhar. The husband is mollified. Forgotten episodes. Then things are still in NYC, but have taken on a Victorian character in the way people dress and the city looks. Something about trying to meet Puhar for lunch, but having difficulty finding him in the crowd. Then I am at home in NYC, a rather fine house I seem to own, and I seem to be a gentleman of sorts. I am sitting on my porch reading a newspaper, while a servant is trimming the hedge and flowers. The mousy husband rides up on a strange bicycle. It has 3 wheels and a very plush seat -- reminds me of a rickshaw bike, except that he sits in the plush seat and peddles too. He is unhappy about something. We talk, I don't recall about what. I think he is worried about his wife. Then he rides off, and I decide he is despondent-looking enough that I'd better follow him - he might suicide. So I follow on a similar bike, my servant looking surprised that I'm suddenly leaving. I catch up to him at a pier where a pleasure ship has just disembarked. He finds his wife on it, when he thinks she has been working all day. He may suicide or something -- I don't recall -- but he is pretty shaken up over it. The wife knows he's upset, but tells me how she needed to get away for a while, and that she only had 5 beers during the day. Obviously she has been making love with some of the men on the ship too. Forgotten parts. Then Puhar and I are trying to find the proper train to my homeetown, while a porter is calling out a commercial that flying is the best way to go anywhere. Fades out into confusion. Note that train stations like this, with many tunnels, passages, levels, etc. are a recurring motif in my dreams.