An early dream of the night, which was quite extensive, centered around being in a cabin somewhere with another couple whose identity seemed to alternate between Bob &amp; Diane and Bruce and Cynthia. The only incident I recall clearly was that my wife was sleeping in another room or cabin and I was sleeping on an upper bunk with the Diane-Cynthia person Her husband, who seemed pretty definitely Bob at this point, arranged some sort of blanket between us. I was pretending to be asleep during this. She had her legs against mine, despite the blanket, and after he went to bed, I was looking forward to curling around her. The next two incidents seem part of the same dream, although they are conceptually distinct. The last dream of the night, but I'm not sure which series came first, although I suspect the ticket one. I was driving along in a dual-control car. Harry Groddy was in the regular driver's seat, but I was driving from the other seat. We were driving along S. Broad St., where it is 4 lanes, in my hometown, behind another car that was going slowly, and I decided to pass, but seeing a policeman riding a motorcycle in front of the car, I changed my mind. The policeman waved me over and was giving me a ticket anyway, and I was arguing that I had probably not even accelerated to 40 in this 35-mile zone, and Harry backed me up. Why didn't he give a ticket to the guy who was following him too closely, instead of me? But he gave me the ticket anyway. The other series: There had been some sort of explosion in this big pit in Woodside, and I and others were investigating, particularly to see if it was radioactive. We started out in a bus. Then there was this interpolated incident, where I was at some place at the beach, watching the waves, and how this boat dock seemed to have been damaged by the waves. Then back on the bus, coming back from our investigation. There was no radioactivity involved. Nevertheless, some policemen were meeting the bus and going to arrest us, or at least escort us somewhere, because people thought we were behind the damage or explosion.