I am ambiguous in age, but probably teenage. I am leaving church, and looking for a ride home. Setting in my hometown. A friend and I want to get a ride with someone riding a white jeep. The jeep is crowded, and my friend gets in first, so I'm not sure there's room for me. I feel sort of rejected, but am trying to control the feeling. There turns out to be room in the back, though. I associate the jeep's driver with either Carl Jobelli, Paul Diller's family, or Randy and Jimmy. I sit on a rather small boy's lap as we ride, and this boy seems to be someone like Bobby Mathison or Buddy Krone's younger brother. I wonder about homosexual connotations of sitting on this boy's lap, but nothing happens. Then I am in an apartment that is mine, with my wife. The apartment seems associated with my past, but  Barbara and John are visiting us. They are not married, and both seem very young, around 12 or so, but sexually developed for their age. In some sense I associate John with Buddy Krone's younger brother, and I remember thinking (probably with a twinge of jealousy) that he is engaging in really advanced sexual activity for his age. Anyway, John and Barbara hug and kiss a lot, and I wonder if we should be responsible for stopping them, but don't really care. I am hugging my wife and mainly curling up with my head on her, and it's very sweet. Barbara and John go off into the bedroom, but I don't think they have intercourse. I do catch a glimpse of John, naked, getting out of bed later to go to the bathroom, but Barbara is not with him. Then I am in the bedroom and I'm going to show the Tarot to Barbara and John, who have never seen it. Some other persons may be there too, but I don't recall. I have to peel off a stack of cards at one end that have directions on using the Tarot to tell about people's previous incarnations, and, in passing, wonder if we should try that system. I have difficulty shuffling the deck, and at one point they seem like a series of small booklets rather than cards. In the next part of the dream I recall, we (my wife, Barbara, John and me) have arrived on a rooftop from which hikes start into the woods, and the guide and people on the last hike are just returning up the stairs that go down into the woods. I vaguely recall this building being somewhere earlier in the dream, and we had decided not to go to it because we didn't have a car with us, and cars were necessary for the trip that started from there. Interpretive Notes: Last night went to the local Spiritualist Church with my wife, Jeff Sims, and Joann Hotelling. Felt a little awkward at the service because I wasn't really participating in it. Got a message of generalities and good advice from one medium. Went to bed last night very tired, but "stirred up" in unknown way inside, expected to sleep late today and not try to record dream, but above is one of the clearest recalled in long while. May reflect early church attitudes, guilt over lack of religion.