I am in the bathroom, the bathroom of my childhood home on Lalor Street. It is night, and I am washing myself or something like that. There is a knock on the closed door. I am fearful about opening it, as I think it might be a ghost or some sort of harmful, supernatural creature. I kick the door more tightly closed. Finally I do open it, however, and discover a beautiful, sexy woman, wearing only some green panties. She is only about four feet tall, but very well built. We embrace, pet, and make love -- in the process, she gradually acquires full adult size. ... Many years later, with all sorts of intervening dream activity that I don't recall ... It is 3 or 4 o'clock in the morning, quite dark outside. I am outside a school building that also seems to be a sort of hospital (in retrospect, it reminds me of Lalor School). There has been some sort of commotion, and all sorts of children and teachers are milling around outside the entrance. Finally most of the lights are turned off and everyone goes home. I am admitted to the school, even though it seems as if I really shouldn't be, by their rules, yet I deserve to be. I get in by telling the principal (who is just locking the door) that I must see the stray child they have just found, whose name is Barbara Sistrunk, because I knew her mother. (I am already sure that it was her mother that I loved in the bathroom many years ago.) I go upstairs, and now the school seems more like a hospital. I ask directions from a nurse, and she points out the ward where this girl is. I go in and see the girl sleeping on a bed. She seems to be somewhere between 6 and 9 years old. I look into her face, trying to recognize her and see the resemblance to her mother, whose face I barely remember, it has been so long. She wakes up and I apparently do recognize her. I am overcome by emotion and cry, and tell the girl that I knew her mother and I want to help her. Comments: I don't think that I was the father of the girl in the dream -- in the part I don't recall well, I may have seen a report about the girl's parents and what happened to them. Also, I seemed to be connected with this hospital, as if it were a scientific research institution that was particularly interested in working with people like this little girl. Don't recall whether she was supposed to possess special powers or not. Could the little girl and her mother be my anima? The dream refer to my early "devotion" to spiritual things, its loss, and my attempts now to regain it? I can think of no particular day residue for this except for the name Barbara Steistrand, which is that of a folk singer, and I've heard the name within the past few days.