The first part of this dream that I recall is my making a bicycle trip from my hometown to somewhere in a nearby state, probably Willow Glen or that area (I have made a similar trip in many other dreams, but never in reality, as it is too far for a bicycle trip). It is a long trip, and I am tired, even though I have my present 3-speed English bike. Now it is dark outside (between 6 and 7 o'clock), and I have reached a small town, which I recall from previous dream trips is a place where several roads join, and I must be careful to take the right one. This decision has always been difficult before, but this time I just turn right up one road without worrying about it, and am pretty sure it is the right road. I ride up a very step hill, peddling in low gear, and almost being unable to make it. At the top I ride around a crowd of talking and cursing people who have had to stand there for a while until a train just went by (the railroad tracks cross the street). Suddenly I find a ten-dollar bill in my pocket. It must have come from the street or these people. At any rate, I decide to buy a used Volkswagen with it, and do so (memory for this indistinct -- I just seem to get in, in almost no time). I put the bicycle on the back, though, in case I need it later. Then I go into a bicycle store down the street, taking my bike in with me. I want to buy "hub caps" for the bike wheels, but the clerk tells me they don't have them. Leaving the bike store, I encounter some sort of ghost or evil spirit -- memory poor here -- I avoid this one and go down some stairs. At the bottom of the stairway there is a large garage door leading out, the kind that goes up. A terrible shock or pain hits me, however, as I wait, and I realize that these shocks come in 5 second bursts. I also discover that if you stand up with the pain, the duration of it increases. It is a vicious circle, for the standing up makes the pain longer, etc., and I realize the usual outcome is to kill you. I force myself to stay down, and after three shocks the garage door finally opens enough for me to get out. I meet some other kind of ghost or spirit on the way out, but don't recall this well. I drive on in the car and stop at a roadside place, again trying to find hub caps for the bicycle, and a new pair of slipper socks, but they have neither. Finally I reach my goal, a mountain. I climb it in the dark, and near the top, dig up the buried treasure I was looking for. The treasure is a conventional treasure chest full of jewelry, gold, etc. It seems I have been seeking this for some time. I hear voices -- a girl's and a man's -- coming up the mountain. There was a bottle of wine or brandy in the treasure chest, and I hold this like a club, ready to defend the treasure. As the girl and man come around a boulder, I recognize them for friends. It turns out that the girl and man are part of a secret organization possessed of various occult powers, and they actually inspired me to undertake this quest, and they put the various obstacles in my way as tests. Now that I have passed them, they accept me as a member of the Brotherhood. We hide the treasure in a new spot. I have found it, but it is also theirs, and at any rate, it must stay hidden for the time being. I recall putting a little strip of Dymo label material (brown) over the spot where it is buried. Then we all go back to town, but go through old mining tunnels. We come to the new headquarters of the Brotherhood, which has just been excavated. We inspect the many underground rooms. It seems that the place I work is quite close to here, and that I am to continue my normal role in life, with my work with the Brotherhood as a hidden role.