I was being chased by three vampires, the chief of which was a beautiful woman, who resembled my wife in many ways, but which I'm not sure actually was her or looked too much like her. I was chased into a supermarket, and had already almost been gotten by them, for they had gotten something all over me that would destroy me, something like lots of tiny insects that would eat me. I knew there was a display of worms for fishing in this supermarket, though, so I ran back to it and the insects were attracted to the worms and so left me. The worms looked like wooden matches. I ran some of them through my hair and over my skin to draw the insects off -- they clung to the heads of the matches-worms, several to each one. I ran out of the supermarket, for the vampires were close behind me. They had put a snake-like thing on my car. It looked like a very long (8 feet or so) and oversized piece of magnetic tape, but its touch was poisonous. I managed to dodge around it and get in the car. A foot or so of it was inside, almost touching me, but I ran over the rest of it or something that weakened it enough so that I could open the door, which was slammed on it, and throw it outside. Then I drove away. I drove to this motel nearby. It was early evening now. I checked into an end room, for it was part of my plan to get the vampires outside this room. I knew in the morning that a laser beam swept the area in front of this room. Just as I locked myself in the room, the vampires came up outside. The beautiful woman, a companion that looked like a tall, thin, young man, and a child-like one (male, I think). They sat there through the night waiting for me. I got a good night's sleep, knowing they couldn't get in, but got up at dawn to go out. It was important that I expose myself to them, for otherwise, I couldn't get them in the right position for the laser beam to do its work. I managed to get them lined up in a column between the laser beam and me, but the first one, the woman, was very dangerous. Finally, the laser beam came on. It looked like it was coming from a phototube rather than any laser I've ever seen (including the laser I saw in the movie Goldfinger last night), and it swept back and forth over a 45-degree arc. I kept running and dodging, staying out of the beam myself, but keeping the vampires looking at me, so they wouldn't notice the thin, red beam. The child vampire was decapitated by the beam almost immediately (he was last in line). It took a couple of minutes before the male one was in the right place and then he was decapitated. The female was very difficult to get in the right place. This is why I thought she was like my wife. In order to stall her, I kept appealing to her to stop for the sake of our old love, etc., etc., as if she were my wife. Finally, the beam caught her and decapitated her. I thought what a mess this would seem to any passerby who didn't know they were vampires. As the dream ended, I was wondering whether the laser had been enough or whether I should put some stakes through their hearts before burying them.