The earliest thing I recall is holding someone's very large and beautiful breast in my right hand. The someone may have been Marlene Clapper, but I'm not sure. Then I think I rubbed my wife (for real) in a half-awake state for some time. Next I'm talking to Josie Hilgard, answering some rather elementary question about psychoanalysis that she has asked me. It suddenly occurs to me that she should know the answer, being an analyst herself. Then I'm at a party at the Hilgards (will actually be tomorrow night), and I'm kidding around with Josie about something. I am rolling around on the floor while she is telephoning. Quite gay for the old girl. Then I got into a bedroom or bathroom looking for some antihistamines or the like as my nose is running a lot. While I'm rummaging through a medicine cabinet, a disembodied voice that I know belongs to some physician I seem to know asks me what I'm looking for, and I explain. He offers me a thing that looks like a Tootsie Roll to chew on, which will do the same thing, but I argue that I can't go back into a dinner party chewing on a Tootsie Roll. It would be impolite, implying I didn't like the food. Then there is something unclear to the effect that some sort of hosing down of me every few minutes would also cure me, but I again argue that I can't keep popping out of this party to be hosed down in the courtyard. Then there is a gap in my memory, and the next thing I recall is that I'm about to marry some girl. I am using an assumed name, though, as if I'm wanted by the police for something. We are having a picture taken by this couple who does photography commercially, sort of at a fair. This couple looks very much like us. He knows who I really am, and while getting ready to take the picture of my bride-to-be and myself, says that he won't take it, just pretend to, but he will give us separate pictures which we must pretend are the picture of us together. He then calls me Melvin, indicating he knows who I really am, and I run off to escape from the police, who now are chasing me. A cartoon quality about this scene: I have run into a supermarket, gotten in by means of a chute. As police slide down the chute after me, they fall into a large grocery bag, which moves away on a conveyor belt. Now in the dream I and several companions are reading a series of cartoons about Donald Duck. Each one of the sequence is on a different can of frozen orange juice, and as the cans are not in order in the frozen food case, it's quite a job to follow these cartoons. I eat some ice from the case. Then I take some cans over to our cart, as now this dream is about my wife and I shopping in a supermarket we've never been in before. I notice that there are many interesting products in this market I've never seen before, and want to look around. I have also bought my wife a can of Salems, and am a little surprised at myself, but rationalize that this will be a good way for her to take them on a camping trip. I put a large piece of ice back in the frozen foods case, as it's more than I can eat. Interpretive note: I woke up with considerable phlegm in my throat.