I was at the creek. An old lady who was invisible was sitting on the bank watching minnows. One of the minnows was her husband but she was the only one who knew that. I was trying to catch the minnows in my hands and cup my hands together to hold them there. The little fishy's iridescent scales sparkled in the sun. Dora was on the other side of the creek but no one could see her there in the sunshine. I caught 3 minnows and I could feel them flopping around. The invisible lady on the opposite creek bank was worried. I knew her husband had stopped flopping around and that meant he was dead. There was a tiny little boy in a birdcage. He was no more than 1/2 inch tall. He was swinging on the little bird swing like Tweety. I was making him a present out of a piece of red tape about 3 inches long and it needed a bow so I tore a piece of yellow paper that had sticky stuff on the back. I tore it vertically so it would look like a ribbon on the present. I was very excited to be giving him a present as he did not have any. I stuffed the present through the bars of the bird cage. The thing I wanted more than anything was sound effects from ambulances and she (Dora) went to all kinds of trouble to get these sounds for me. She knew I was intrigued by these and straight jackets. She communicated with me through a non-franchised fast food 'may I take your order' stand ((drive-thru)) The name of the old high school was Cecil B. Mills named after the black assistant principal Mr. (Clarence) Mills who could not speak understandable English. But half the letters had fallen off so they just rearranged the leftover letters to call it something else. Rudy had been hit and there was blood all over him dripping on his shirt and a photographer was taking pictures and I screamed at him to GET AWAY! Down the street at the grammar school the prisoners were doing the guarding and the guards got locked up. (Prison exchange program). You never knew quite what was going to happen next. Susan was sitting on the floor of the sewing room leaving Dana and Rover the blind dog a message that she had a present for them. "A case of sodas!" I accidentally hung up the phone while she was still talking but she couldn't hear the dial tone because she was still listing surprises so it was OK. I kept walking across the street and back with a card for tennis racket discounts that were in effect till September.