Since this concerns my grandfather, and the last one about him was rather impressive, I jot this down right after arising. I and assorted others are in a corral. Many of us are whipping ropes around or helping others whip some around. The object is to catch and tame the camels (2-humped kind) corralled there. My grandfather is there. He is an old and apparently rather famous man, for people are concerned that he will overexert himself, or hurt himself. Many try to help him, as I do, and it is considered something of a privilege. He catches a camel, exercises it or something, and finally gets it to kneel down while he cleans it and rubs it down. This seems to be most of the taming job. Then he lies down to rest in a large, coffin-shaped box which is actually a hi-fi equipment cabinet. I am concerned about his dying, for he had exerted himself so much for his age. I am fooling around with a hasp that locks the box, as well as wondering if it could be used as a coffin if he died. I tell him to holler when he is through resting and wants out. He dies and does not answer. I open the box and see he has finally died, finally achieved his rest after a long, active, worthwhile life. He has apparently died only a minute ago and I wonder if I should try to revive him, but realize that it probably wouldn't work, and he deserves this final rest so much that it would be cruel. I tell my mother he is dead. I am quite unhappy, and crying. She wants me to call the undertaker. The coffin is being taken away on a train. The camel he tamed walks after the departing train, and I and the family (mother + unidentified people) walk alongside. It is a strange sight, and onlookers think it's not Christian. ... Then I and the family are in a compartment on the train going to wherever the final burial will be. The coffin is in the compartment with us. One of the members of the family is a teenage girl, the daughter (?), and she wants to get off for a while in NYC, but we won't let her. We remind her that grandfather (or was it me?) had said that NYC was to the country as the genitals were to the body ... the train was traveling north.