An unusual dream experience to record. Fell back asleep this morning after my wife had gotten up. Sleeping on my stomach, an unusual position for me. I don't recall many details of the experience, but it involved a diffuse awareness of the fact that I was dreaming, that it was not an ordinary dream because the visual imagery was not as clear and far more subject to my will than an ordinary dream. An awareness that I could gradually shift my awareness over to actual bodily sensations and thus more toward wakefulness if I wished, but I did not do so until late in the experience. Continuous awareness of a "body" that was mine but which I knew was not my physical body or, at best, only a very indirect representation of it. My attempts in this state (which was not full consciousness) were a feeling of floating upward. I knew I was lying on my stomach, that this was an unfavorable position for projection according to Muldoon, but I tried anyway. My efforts could considerably increase feelings of lightness, but not break me free from my body. This was largely the first part of the experience. During this part I was only aware of myself and attempts to break free -- by and large, there was no "dream environment" that I could recall. In the latter half of the experience, I got into a dream environment, nebulously perceived as a rather featureless room. There was a female figure and a large, powerful male figure, both of which were relatively nebulous, as was the environment. I was aware of this thin quality of the characters and environment, and "semi-consciously" realized that this was all a symbolic environment of my creation, and that I would accept it for that and try to use it to have a projection. Thus I treated the male figure as a father figure and myself (also in a nebulous body) as a child playing with him, such that he would throw me upward. This produced appropriate "somatic" sensations of sailing up, but I considered them only symbolic, and dreamish, as there was not the sudden clearing of sight and vision of the real world that I expected to come with a genuine projection. There were sounds of some sort here, but I don't recall them, except to feel fairly certain they were not real world sounds coming through. After a while I tired of this latter sequence, feeling it just wasn't getting anywhere, so semi-volitionally I shifted my attention to real sensations of body in a gradual way until I was fully awake.