Trying to get out of the tree house with Evelyn. She first made a series of phone calls. We were on a weathered unpainted tree house platform hooked up by pulleys on chains and had to haul ourselves to the top of the circus tent. Barbed wire was everywhere and it would be a tight squeeze to get out alive but the union workers appeared to help us, only they didn't do much except tell us what we were required to have, how many people it'd take to get it, and how long. "What you need is some air," the guy told me. What he meant was that air was softer than barbed wire to step on. The union workers cut the label off a hug 6 ft. tall bottle of Clorox with an electric saw and drilled it onto the shovel of the bulldozer. They radioed for a bulldozer to get busy. Harvey was sitting in the library between rows of shelves learning to work the computer. A little boy next to him was playing a video game, eating french fries off the monitor. He had poured ketchup all over the top of the computer monitor and dipped each french fry into the puddle of ketchup. And a little boy to the left of Harvey was riding a bump car and the kid kept bumping the bump car into everything. I was at the library to research layouts for postage stamp design. It covered 32 different layout designs on a grid plotted on the coordinates of logarithmic equations. The equations were based on the intersecting points of the drawings and letters (type) on the stamps. There was a picture on a stamp about American families; a cartoon that was suppose to be like the Simpsons but they had the hugging happy family, instead of them hitting each other in the head with chairs. I was angry because the postage stamp portrayed American families as hugging when they really wanted to hit each other over the head with chairs. A skinny British man with a hat made from a cloth flour sack on his head challenged Peter O'Toole to a challenge of disintegrating into the sand. They were attempting to travel through the sand on their elbows and disappear into the sand. I wasn't sure what winning was, because whoever won would have already completely disintegrated into the sand and wouldn't be here anymore.