It was time for Holy Communion in the church. Paula and the priest, left to get things ready but I saw cellophane packs of saltine crackers on the coffee table. 8 crackers to a pack. A guy was in church for the first time and I said, "You know what they're gonna do with these crackers?" And he said, "What?" and I smashed one pack with my fist. "They do it that way at country churches." And he said, "Oh, I better sit in the balcony." I said, "It's the old Poplar Springs vs. Mount Gallagher thing." I put another pack of saltine crackers in my knapsack along with a Webster's dictionary and a bruised banana. (I was) working a job proofreading and there was copy spread all over the table. Newsprint catalogs with long lists of job codes. The boss man said something to hurt Dora's feelings and I screamed out, "Don't you ever do that again! I could hurt your feelings if I wanted to." He said, "Go ahead." I said, "There's no reason to hurt someone's feelings." He said, "Well I'll hurt yours. You're too quiet on the job." I laughed and said, "I'm proofreading. What do you expect with foreign languages?" A girl, Thomlina, came by and asked me where the boss was and I said, "What do I look like? A goddamn secretary?" The boss had been temporarily hidden from view, but was clearly working at the heat press wearing a blue shirt. I tried to find something in my knapsack and while I was looking I scattered things inadvertently all over the floor. A guy said, "You are too messy." I said, "It's my work station. It doesn't bother me. I do a good job. Just try to find a mistake." But all the while I knew I'd fallen asleep on the job. I couldn't fit everything I'd taken out back into my knapsack so I started making selections on what to keep. The only thing that was really important was my father's black Webster's dictionary from college with the caveman writing. Under the flap of my address book where business cards were suppose to go I'd put rice cakes and a slab of peanut brittle. On the loudspeaker the pilot said, "All those going direct flight from LA to NY back to LA non-stop." I said, "What's the point. You're just killing time. And anyway I was looking for the MetroNorth train." He said, "Try the ground." I ran down the beach and there was a subway station in the sand. The red light was blinking and beeping. I ran. Other people were running. I knew if I missed the train I'd have to wait another hour (to meet Rudy). The sign said: &lt;-- scenic tours Poughkipsee and I asked the token lady, "Which way to NY?" She said, "Where in NY?" I said, "NY, NY." She said, "The city or the state? I said, "Both." She said, "Not here." I said, "How do I get there?" She said, "Go wait by that yellow house. About halfway back and a few blocks over." I said, "Don't you know a street or anything?" She said, "It's the YELLOW house in the middle of the block." I asked a guy if he knew a street name and he said, "Try Dobbs Ferry." I was thinking about Super8 films stuck on a broomstick like donuts and categorized with writing on white tape; or that was the eventual plan.