A Psychic Dream. On waking this morning, I remembered dreaming about my grandfather (maternal). I was very surprised at dreaming about him, as I don't believe I've dreamed of him in many years, and nothing had happened in my life lately that I can even remotely relate to my grandfather. I mentioned to my wife that I had dreamed of him. A few minutes ago (about 9:30pm) my mother called to tell me her insurance man had been by earlier this evening and told her that a $1000 endowment policy on me was just reaching term, and that they would send the policy to a local agent to pass on to me. It is worth several hundred dollars over the $1000 due to interest, and will be helpful when we are ready to make a down payment on a house. The policy was bought for me by my grandfather when I was about eight years old. Not until a few minutes after we finished talking did I suddenly make the connection between the dream of my grandfather and this sudden gift from my grandfather! Thus I add what I can recall of the dream, although most of it has been forgotten. .... I went into this shop which was my grandfather's. It seemed as if it had been changed, as if it wasn't the same as it was years ago. I thought that it had been something of a pawn shop, even though I also knew that my grandfather was a jeweler and watchmaker. I wanted to get a revolver that he had used to display (in the dream), in order to protect myself against roving hordes (I think the earlier part of the dream dealt with civilization decaying or some such common motif for my dreams). My grandfather was behind the counter, and I was greatly surprised to see him. I knew in the dream that I had not seen him for many years, although it did not occur to me that he had died (more than 10 years ago now, I guess). He had put the pistol in a drawer under the counter so that he could get at it if robbers came in. Strangely, the pistol was either made of gold or gold-plated, and so rather valuable. I don't remember for sure, but I think he finally gave me the pistol. I talked with him for a while, but I don't recall what about.