Rudy had a computer made out of slabs of rocks. It had a sundial and 3 holes where he had to stick a Bic pen into a hole and activate the Morse code, which were 3 different horizontal knobs on a curve. There was no keyboard so checking e-mail was a very complicated and lengthy process and if he made one mistake he had to start all over. Rudy said, "Merri, why don't you go get laid?" Troy just sat there and I didn't know if he said that because he didn't want to show me how to e-mail or if he thought I was a loser with no boyfriend. And I said, "It's not that easy for girls." What he said and thought were different from what I imagined. A girl was in the back of the jeep with expensive hot pink swirly pencils. She said, "Everyone will know I'm affluent because of my exquisite pencils." I said, "I like the plain yellow number 2 pencils." She said, "My pencils are so beautiful (that) I wouldn't even use them." I said, " Evelyn had a beautiful pencil. It was yellow and short and all chewed up." Troy was sitting in front of one of the computers and poured out a big bowl of Captain Crunch with Crunch Berries and the Crunch Berries were unusually large. About the size of golf balls or a little bigger and it was pouring down raining and because of the comment he had hurt my feelings I was going out in the rain. "It's raining pretty hard out there," Rudy said. "You shouldn't go out in that rain." "Oh yeah?" I said, knowing full well what he meant, so I walked out after I looked for my raincoat and could only find my jacket. I walked out in the big rain storm, knowing full well (that) getting laid was not my intention, but getting stuck in the rain storm was. At the end of the road (on the left side) was construction with workers on break and they were wearing what they wanted to wear and not what they had to wear, because they were in the union. One of the construction workers was an undercover cop. He looked at my coat and said, "Anything in those pockets I should know about?" I thought about it and said, "No." He said, "What's this?" I said, "Allergy medicine. He said, "Can you prove it?" I said, "I can sneeze and scratch my eyes."