Going to Grandma's, just over the bridge at Rocky River on Mitchell Presley's hill there was a rabid dog on the hill. He had gnawed up a carcass but you could see the left side of the hind legs. It was either a wolf or a cow. We locked the car doors. At our house on Maplebrook we'd never once had Doritos, but we had them. A big family bag. My mother said, "If you eat those things you won't eat your supper," but she was eating them. "They always make you thirsty," she said. And I got some water, because we never had cokes at home. "I worked so hard on supper and now nobody's gonna eat their supper," she said, "I boiled 2 eggs for supper but there's only one and a half left. A half is in the kitchen and a whole egg is left over from Easter. It's in that basket on the piano." But we were trying to concentrate on reading the newspaper. It had funny headlines. It had a picture of a local high school Christian group and the headline said, "GOD IS MOD". It had a picture of Coach O'Rear. And then on the other side of the newspaper it had a high school drawing that was so bad it was good. On the wedding page it had a drawing of a guy's girlfriend and he'd scrawled out in black crayon, "Look at those tits." I was at a swimming pool and Dora was there. There was a swimming race. Dora was so calm. She said, "There's no need to race." Everybody was talking about whether swimming with a wet suit would make you faster, or the color of the wet suit that would make you swim faster. That film changing bag when you put your film in the canister, when the lights aren't out in the darkroom, or when you can't have the red light on in the darkroom, or even the amber light? I was carrying that around waiting to go to the ladies' bathroom at church and Merri Lindley told me to hold her two pencils. "Hold these two pencils and don't get them dirty," she said. I had enough to keep track of without having to worry about those two pencils. I put them in the film changing bag and all the time I was worried that they were going to poke a hole in it. When I got off the train at West 4 St station, the 8th St exit, on Greenwich St. was a new "Gay/Bi" Coffee shop. The sign was pink and brown and they didn't finish painting it. Profiles were painted on it sort of mod. I'd wanted some coffee all day. Their coffee had some kind of cocoa or chocolate flavor but I'd never tasted it before. I drank it through a straw. There were 9 employees but no customers. 2 guys and 1 girl X 3. It was getting dark and Ester said, "Merri, I just happened to be in the neighborhood." "What are you doing Ester?" I asked. "I'm editing a film about a rap star. His name is Sammy Junior Daby." "You mean Sammy Davis Junior?" "No, It's Sammy Junior Daby." "Oh" I said "You wanna take a walk?"Evelyn asked me. "I don't have my shoes. People in this city get so uptight about going barefoot. I'll walk halfway with you, but then I have to go walk around the tractor tire. It takes a lot of practice."