I was in the auditorium about 2/3 down and toward the front. I was waiting for Jeffery to come. I had waited 2 weeks. I was lying down on the bench where you were suppose to sit and put my head under the shelf desk there. He said, "Are you keeping your elbow underwater?" Then we discussed aspects of human behavior. I waited amidst the junk cars across the road from the factory. The driveway was a dirt road. The people couldn't run anymore so they just sat there. You could watch the factory people come and go. There was a film maker there and I had to ask him a question. Something about palettes. He said, "Well, that'd be good." People would go in the factory and go back out. They were whispering. Their heads would disappear behind the pine trees. I left the factory and came back and there was a lady; she had gray hair. The police came and yelled, "Everybody down on the ground. And if you didn't get down, they would "BAM" knock you down to the ground. The cop went up to the older lady and pushed her down hard onto the dirt. It was a dirt road. I thought he was going to stab her, but instead he kissed her. I thought, "What's going on?" The girl from "X" (the band). We got thrown off the stage and she was screaming about the sound levels. We thought we could stall them to come down off the ladder off the high stage, but the crowd was too angry. Marianna was there. I was in the East Village near a trash dump and I saw all these pots and pans somebody had thrown away. I needed one but I didn't want to carry it, so I just left them there. I was enjoying a run in the rain, when I ended up at college. People were not learning very hard. I saw a picture of a bunny rabbit and ducks and a snowman. Instead of coal for buttons he had little pieces of wallpaper. There were flowers and it was very interesting. So was the duck. There was a dead bird that had been dipped in paint. There were also lavender feathers across one wingspan (8-12") and somebody had attached a funky little (1") baby doll inside the wing. It was not a sissy baby doll. The baby doll was glued inside half a broken eggshell. There was a lady who had been keeping an icebox on the roof. Inside it she had milk and a spoon and some sugar for corn flakes. She had some Cornflakes too. As far as I know she was an opera singer. She was making a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. I said, "What are you doing?" She said, "I found her stash. She keeps it under the table." I saw the Cornflakes box and there was a chicken on it. Then the cops came up there. When she came tearing through the kitchen door, they said, "Hold your fire! It's just Marianna. When we find him we'll have to shoot the perpetrator." Marianna turned into the girl from X and I was holding onto a rope from the ceiling that held Marianna up on stage. The guy in her band was trying to put on a swim cap so he could put on a wig. We were suppose to pull up the ladder like pueblos but instead she threw the ladder into the crowd. I had gone running in the rain and stopped at the old YMCA and a guy in a room told me about the officer and in a suit and he said, "Hey, You have blonde hair." For some reason I decided to roll my hair and it was a defective hairstyle. I said, "I'm going out." The guy I had seen the previous night saw a white tee-shirt and he said, "This would look nice on you" and I tried it on and it was wonderful. He had on a Sunday suit and shirt that was very narrow so you ((he)) could not move both arms at once. 