In the kitchen there was a toilet and I looked inside and saw that I had dumped an ashtray full of cigarette butts in the toilet and forgot to flush it. "My mother's going to kill me," I said. I went out to the garage and saw Eddie and his sister in the 69 Chevrolet Impala convertible. His sister was giving him a driving lesson. Eddy was screeching out and slamming on brakes and moving about 6 inches at a time before the car would choke down. I said, "Eddie, have you ever driven before?" And he said, "No." And his sister said, "That's why I got really bad insurance because Eddie will probably wreck the car." She was sitting in the back seat with her feet propped up on the back of the front seat. She was barefooted. She was laughing and Eddie was laughing, and there was barbed wire wrapped around the car. I said, "Eddie, you're really a bad driver. Why don't you let me drive." But I was a worse driver. I said, "Well that's the road to Grandma's, and I've said that enough times." All this time Harvey had been sitting under the table looking for things. The hotel swimming pool was completely in shadow. Carlos was there. He brought me a big raw turkey leg and a T-bone steak he'd microwaved for 4 hours. I thought he knew I was a vegetarian, but I didn't want to hurt his feelings since he'd brought me a present, so I held the turkey leg in my left hand and the steak in my right. I was developing my pictures in the fireplace and when I put the RC paper in the developer I saw pictures that came out of my film, but they were of Teletubbies and football players. And I HATE TELETUBBIES. I HATE THEM ! The teacher said, "How do you get the NFL Football players and Teletubbies together for one shot?" I said, "I didn't even know they were there. I just pressed the button." She said, "My husband's picture was in the newspaper, because he either died or got a job, I can't remember which one." Back in the kitchen Carlos finally said, "Merri I'll put that turkey leg and steak in a ziplock bag. But not in the same one together." I said, "Okay." And I went back to flush the toilet with the cigarette butts in it and watch them go around. I tried to remember if it was centripetal or centrifugal force that made the toilet water swirl around and go down.