He was sitting behind a newspaper that was taped over the doorway. He was wearing a suit (I could tell by his feet) and he commented on my hairstyle. "It's the same as mine," he said. "Do you ever look exactly the same on 2 different days?" he asked me. And I said, "No." He said, "Our hair is the very same color. On me it's called brown. On you it's called blonde. That's because I'm a boy and you're a girl." He (the unidentified psychiatrist) was practicing writing, back there behind the newspaper. He had a yellow pad and an ink pen. He was practicing his cursive and he was doing very good. He was concentrating very hard. Then he remembered about the tape recorder and the confession of the murder. So when it was time for me to come in he was still behind the taped up newspaper in the doorway. The newspaper was not any further away than his knees. He said, "You can come in now," and he punched his arm through the newspaper. Then you could see him. He just ripped the newspaper. "You know, there are some people who are going to tell you that horses are not allowed in the hallway. Personally, it doesn't bother me but I'm just telling you, some people are going to give you a hard time." I was telling him about horses' respiratory systems and why they can run so fast. I went into the garage and there were these boots sitting on top of the 50 gallon oil drum. I thought they were beautiful, until I realized they were imitation army boots and not the real thing. The fake boots had 3 inch cork heels and this made me mad. They didn't even have real shoestrings. They had imitation eyelets and zippers on the sides. When I lifted it I knew it was just too lightweight to be an army boot. In the room I had been looking for books of Dora's about kitties and about flowers. My mother said, "Merri, where did you put those books? I can't find them." I said, "I know they're in a safe place. They were Dora's books. I love them." My mother was not listening to what I said so I grabbed a glass bottle off the counter shelf and BAM. I broke it. I threw it on the floor.