The music. It was Dora. Dora was there. She was so happy because we were making Chef- Boy-Ar-Dee pizza. The kind that comes in the box that you have to make yourself. It has a tall skinny can of tomato sauce and a paper package of cheese and you have to mix water with the dough and wait for it to rise and smush it out with your fingers and make it real flat. Dora was there. She was so happy because we were making the Chef-Boy-Ardee pizza. We were waiting for the dough to rise. I had mixed just a little too much water and it was all sticky. Some other people were there and me and Dora were in the back seat. We went to a place with a name... something to do with 'tick'. On Second Avenue I saw Ronnie Haynie. He was very busy talking to himself like he always did. His eyes were wide open. His hair very blonde and straight and long. Dora was here and since she was here we decided to go to the tennis courts. I didn't think that was possible but it was. She said, "Can we play after dark?" and I said, "sure, there are lights." She didn't have her racket with her. We went to nanny and Grandfather's and they said, "What's all this pizza dough sitting around here for forever?" Dora said, "We're just waiting for a tennis court to open up." My mother said, "I saw that Ronnie Haynie. Every cell in that boy's body is abnormal! I'm going to take that stuff out of every single cell to try to straighten that boy At dark before daylight I skated home and 'low lifes' were hanging around waiting for a good victim to pass by. They saw me and the woman whispered to the man and I yelled but she tried to attack me anyway and a cop came and handcuffed me(her) and she screamed, "You Bitch!" at me but she's the one who got herself in trouble. Not me. I was just there. I got home and Dora was there! She had made a bed for me on the floor and when I told her about not getting any sleep she listened so sweetly to me. She cared. She had washed clothes for the trip and even washed mine while I was taking a nap and she washed the wrong clothes but I did not want to hurt her feelings. Her feeling mattered more than what I wore. Dora had baked 7 kinds of fake pastries and cakes (they looked real but you could not eat them--they were to be thrown and hit with plates for good luck. We were just about ready when Dora pulled off the top white tablecloth to reveal the carefully laid out pastries and fancy set table. She showed us how to throw the pastries and break them on the floor or plates for good luck. ((she had learned this custom on her international travels)) I wrapped a bible style turban around my head to keep the sun out. (of) Dora's pastries, 1 out of the 7 was tigers and when you squeezed them they would growl and attack the elephant pastries. I saw what I thought was a fake alligator in the creek--he was aqua green and bounced like a children's float. But he bopped downstream and attacked--he chomped the ducks. My father got the horses ready for the wagon trail and I walked behind the Crenshaw barn and found a commemorative 75th anniversary of the blacksmith iron table in the ashes. Evelyn had a film to shoot and she was sitting on the floor making plans. She said dresses would be cooler and that as many as possible would roller skate on ski-ropes behind the wagon like water skiers. The wagon went 70 m.p.h. and there was even a wipe out but Evelyn caught it on film. The white horse had been hammered in the forehead with a nail and a circle of blood was on his head. A jealous horse was the suspect. Part of kitty's face was caved in but I played with her and somehow got her face back right and her eye opened and she was SO HAPPY. She smiled and smiled.