I had to get up real early to go from way, way uptown to way downtown. I was rollerskating along the Hudson River. When I got about halfway there, I heard somebody yell, "Merri." So I stopped. They said, "your name has been pulled out for SAG's film version of jury duty. I can tell you right now you're going to be on the jury for a month and a half." The Sag group was on an island and I was trying to figure out how to get off the island to the left of NY with the moat around it (the island). I knew it wasn't too far to swim, so I left my roller skates, my bag and bag of laundry and tried the water. The water currents were run by electricity with waterfalls and suckholes that were powered by electricity too. What looked like rocks from the outside was not real rocks, but metal rods like those that build roller coasters. The metal rods and screws formed a framework and sheet metal was hammered over it. I looked like real rocks. The current (that) took me underneath and the waterfall was run by a machine just like the underside of a lawnmower but much bigger. It had a huge rotating blade that cuts. It came close to chopping me up. I was worried it would chop up my Mozart sheet music. I was in line at the grocery store. A guy in front of me shot a girl for talking too loud. He killed her. The moat around the SAG island was to make the jurors stay there even if they wanted to leave. I had tried to fight the currents and almost got chopped up. I thought about trying to roller skate across the river's floor, but I knew the skates would be too heavy and I'd have to leave my stuff. I finally decided to leave the rollerskates, bag, and laundry behind and try to escape. I acted like I was an enthusiastic juror, though I kept talking about what I needed to be doing. I was making an escape plan. According to SAG rules, I knew they had to take a lunch break. So I said that I'd go out to Wendy's and get stuff for everybody but I needed to use their boat. I put a cigarette out on the rubber raft because there was no ashtray. I hoped no one would see the smoke. When I got to Wendy's things looked different. There were 3 menu choices: salad on a stick. carrots and raisins on a stick. pineapple and coconut on a stick, and cantaloupe not on a stick.