I was life guarding and a little boy broke the rules and climbed over the fence to the private hotel swimming pool. His friend was under the diving board and the little black girl was crying trying to find her father. I had to go back to my beach lifeguard position and hitched a ride with a Chinese guy in a VW bus and he parked in the middle of Houston St. in between the lanes of traffic going different directions. The beach went all up and down the east river except under Houston St. where the street ran straight into the water. I went to the sewing class. I had to sit on the floor and sew and I was getting a little confused. I was making a quilt, but what I was making was these smocks with a white round tab circle collar. I was trying to fold the smocks into squares and make them into a quilt, but there were too many poofy layers of stuff. So I just put it down and started on something else because I didn't want to be sewing. It didn't particularly interest me. Ron was in the garage and he said he had a piano he didn't play. The piano was stored in the basement that he never played and I was carrying around my blue Mozart book. It hurt me that he had a piano he didn't play. I went to Paula's and Claire said, "Will you help us load the dishwasher? And I said, "OK" There was lots of silverware and I tried to put the utensils in those little compartment trays but there were so many knifes and they were sliding all over the place. There were big spoons inside of spoons. Big stirring spoons and a soup ladle. Paula said, "Surprise, it's your birthday!" It wasn't but I acted like I was happy about the party. On the ship there was a book and the book was about drugs and how each drug worked and interesting things about the drug. I was flipping through the book and I saw Dramamine. It had different ways you could use it and the chemical equation and a little picture of what it made you feel like. It showed one itsy bitsy cotton ball in a big empty brain. The next drawing had 3 or 4 cotton balls squashed in an itsy bitsy brain. The next picture had about 20 cotton balls stuffed in the brain. The last picture had about a million cotton balls stuffed in the brain. What it meant was there was a whole lot of nothing going on. Dramamine, CO2, poppers, ammonia and alcohol were listed with the cartoon drawings and the chemical formula. I didn't know so many household items could do other things. A very anonymous guy was extremely nervous on the elevator because he was a junkie and he needed his fix. The other book was a kid's book about the letter "A." There was a drawing of a little girl and she WAS the letter "A". Even though we were not suppose to take a break from physics, I wanted to have story hour and read this book (about the letter "A"). I sort of liked the pictures but I sort of didn't. It was not how I would have drawn her, but she expressed something. She had on a dress and the book was very thick. I was looking at the book of chemical equations, but people expected me to be looking at the kid's book. Paula came into the room. She told me about 3 other books about the author (of the 'A" book). I was sitting on the floor in her room and she came in because she smelled something burning. I had accidentally burned the wax paper pack of graham crackers . Burned them black. The burned wax and burned cookie smell was bad. Paula said, "Come on out to the party," And I did. There was red wine and white wine and alcoholic punch. Relatives from my mom's side were concentrating hard to avoid touching any alcohol punch. Aunt Joe lifted up the punch dipper and slurped it real loud and said for me and Rudy not to do that. She said she slurped the punch to find out if there was really any alcohol in it, and they were not just trying to conserve the punch. But I knew she was trying to get drunk. 2 Mexican boys were riding burros or donkeys--going up and down, back and forth, back and forth on the overpass, yelling. They were laughing and yelling in Spanish and having a good time. They were riding with no hands (hands in the air) and the donkeys were running upright on their 2 back legs.