I saw empty rooms on my floor. #1446 or #1456, but then it might have been #1256. The rooms were empty and so big and I was given such a tiny room. I decided to do something about it. I decided I would either talk out loud to Roseanne or type a letter. Then I got on my bicycle and I forgot about it. I was riding down the outside edge of the railroad track cross ties. On the other side was a subway train. I was in between the train tracks and the subway tracks and trains were coming in both directions. I could feel and hear the bike going, "ba-bump ba-bump" on the train tracks. The mechanic was projecting gears onto the sky and the metal was metal-colored and shiny. The gears moved in the sky. Miller Lee, who'd signed many contracts and screwed them all up said that last week's projection was upsetting to him. The American flag was projected into the sky with a banana stuck on top of the flagpole. I didn't know why that would upset him when he was so mean. The mechanic was working just south of the train station. The case worker's assessment said that I had accuracy problems and did not notice boundaries and to compensate with maximum efficiency they would give me the smallest room because I was least likely of all people to notice. I knew they were wrong and the opposite was true but I had a bicycle to ride and could not dwell on this topic so long. One empty room's view had a view of a university in the shade. I rode my bike and I stood against the fence in Grandfather Anderson's driveway. Their house was empty. After a while a girl, Gina, with red tattoo of a little girl on her arm (Gina was only about 12 herself) rode up and put her bike in the garage. She walked like she knew where she was going. I asked her, "Do you live on the 14th floor?" She said, "No, I have been living here for the past 3 months. My father lives here too, but he's never here." "What are you doing?" I asked her, and she said, "I'm writing a business plan for Mr. Anderson." I knew she meant Grandfather Anderson and not my father. my father was not so interested in business. I said, "We live right down the hill through the woods or by the road if you go down the hill turn left and the second house on the right; if you need help." I was angry Grandfather didn't ask Rudy to write it and didn't ask me if I needed a bigger place to stay.