I had to go to the store to get a bathing suit because I was suppose to go to the beach with Elena. We were to leave on the 3rd of the month but we had not seen each other in 6 months. I had $15. I looked on the sale rack and did NOT see anything I even halfway liked. They were all very extremely UGLY. The only one of any merit was the bathing suit made out of wood that looked like an Eskimo totem pole but I thought it would not be good to swim in. The lady said, "Go try this on." And I followed her and... She yelled, "NO! Go in there and take your clothes off and lay down on the floor." She would then hold up the bathing suit next to you to see if it fit. It was the store's new shoplifting prevention policy. Since $15 was only enough for the sale rack I went to another department. On the way I pumped some lotion from a display counter and put it on my arms and legs. I saw the signs and a stretched out beach towel in mid-air--it was a gimmick. The sign said, "Fake Male Model Beach Towel $262. Get 2 for $300." I thought it was very overpriced, though it was a nice, thick, white beach towel. I was life guarding and it was boys' swim and there were little boys under the age of 12. Some had trouble swimming and the 50-60 year (old) adult confiscated all their floats. He said it was because their noise was unbearable. So the unknown and invisible superhero sent underwater attack tigers out in the water. First they clawed the man underwater and you could see streaks of blood disperse in the water. The streaks were the width of tiger claws where they sliced into the man's flesh. Just when the tiger was about to need to come up for air, the invisible superhero wrapped his tail around the knees of the Chinese karate guy so that they would get tangled up and bonk heads like the 3 Stooges. When I walked inland from the lake there was a left-handed girl learning to play the guitar. I was trying to help her but could get no closer than 15 feet away. I was right handed and she was left handed so our images were flopped and it was hard to help learn guitar from 15 feet away . She finally got the 'E' chord right and was playing it real good. Rudy and I went to college registration and my father said, "I don't want any of that class stuff. I'll just lay here on the bed and rest until you get back from class and we can do something fun."