We were coming down off this mountain and at a certain point the fog; you came through the fog. You could see all these deer crossing the road. We were traveling fast but the thing is, we were riding on an elephant. There was a special sort of weird seat, and the elephant would pick you up with his trunk and put you in the seat. The Power Rangers were there. I was vacuuming. I was at this lady's house and they were taking down the Christmas tree. I was vacuuming and there were pine needles all over the floor. I just decided to get the pine needles up with the vacuum cleaner since I was vacuuming anyway. The thing was that with all those needles were the actual pine branches with the lights still wrapped all around them. And I was vacuuming. When I was vacuuming, the vacuum cleaner sucked all the Christmas lights up in there. Oh Man. I was trying to act like nothing really happened. But the pine needles and pine branches and Christmas lights were gone. At least it kept me from having to put away all those decorations. I was babysitting. Ed Bradley from 60 Minutes said, "What are you doing Friday night?" And I said, "I don't know." And he said, "Would you like to baby sit?" And I said, "Well, how old are they?" And he said, "One year and two years old." And I said, "Well, that's the perfect age." And he said, "I'll see you then." I thought, "How'd that happen. He's awfully old to have a 1 year old and a 2 year old. I thought, well, maybe those were his grandchildren. I didn't know what was going on. But it didn't really matter. ......................ramblings about the noise... There were cement blocks but it was before the time of cement. So it was wet rocks. And this lady was saying, "There's a crane moving these rocks into place for the drawbridge. Make sure that rock is on the level! MAKE SURE THAT ROCK IS ON THE LEVEL!" They had a level with the little yellow bubble in it. But they were doing it the wrong direction anyway. But I didn't think bridges being level really mattered too much. Oh my god, it seems like it came along later. But.......ah.....there was a beach. Then it parted like the red sea. There was an exodus. And if you wanted to go swimming you'd just walk up there and then the waves would crash in from both directions. From the left and the right. Hello kitty. OK kitty. You're purring. That means you're happy. Then the water currents. They always came in from both sides. They would CRASH. They had so much strength for something as soft as water. There were all these water currents you could feel under the water. You could feel them at your feet and at your knees and then a different direction at your stomach, and a different direction at your chest...and you were lucky if your head was still sticking up above water and you could breathe. The water had you moving all different directions and unless you were a snake, there's no way you could keep up with it. It was in art school. A guy lived in the same apartment building. He said Evelyn had been there. But she was off shooting a film. And I was in art school. The guy who lived next door was sitting out in front of the parking garage. He was getting a car out from the parking garage. I said, "I didn't know you had a car." He said, "Cars are underrated." I said, "I guess, but that's because I'm a bad driver." And then he...... I said, "What do you need a car for anyway?" He said, "To take a shower." Then I knew what he meant. He meant that his apartment didn't have a kitchen or a shower. He said, "I'm gonna go out running for an hour. But I'll leave the door unlocked (the car door) so if you need to take a shower you can get into my place. He wanted to go to the shower house at the beach. The brick one with a shower on the outside and on the inside. I said, "There's a real nice restroom at Siesta Key. You could just go to the deli, but it's a really nice restroom. He said, "Well, I'll think about it." Then um......then there was a cheat sheet. There was a test in psychology/sociology. Usually she gave multiple choice, but this one was hard. I made this cheat sheet. I rolled it up and stuck it inside my sleeve. I was waiting for a chance to go to the auditorium and sit on the floor and take the test. I was waiting for a chance to pull it out, but it would make too much noise going, "rattle, rattle" so I ended up just running and playing, and I failed the test. I'm sure. It was about stupid things. The year certain things were invented. The year blah blah blah. There was this lady who was related to the boy who went to take the shower. She had this little bitty baby. It was one year old. It was a little baby. It didn't look 3 weeks old. It was happy. It didn't care what anybody thought. It was eating sliced olives. I said, "That baby eat olives?" And she said ,"He loves olives." I said, "I didn't know they would eat things like that with seeds in em'." She said, "You don't know a lot of things.