They said, "How do you get there from here?" And I said, "Walk down the Gray Court Road and watch." They had on those Japanese shirts with the collar, and I said, "How'd they get those shirts to stay so neat like that without any buttons?" And actually, they filed their fingernails to a sharp, sharp point and sliced right into the flesh on their chests and stick the folded collar into the flesh; and as the blood dries, it holds it (the shirt collar) in place. That's how the people sitting in church stay so neat. Their shirts are attached with blood. There was the boss's son...........(incomprehensible)............. And there was a Chinese book and I was reading the title page. Outside the package, I didn't want her to see it, cause then she'd move. She turned into Buddy Wells from high school. He said, "What are you doing on the train?" and I said, "I'm going to do my Christmas shopping." He said, "How do you get to the mall?" I said, "Well, you turn, and you get on the train. On the freight train. Or if you see a bus driver you invite him to come." (and he'll give you a ride) I was starting to type on the computer ...........envelopes folded out of paper...inside out, outside in, inside out. They were mostly white or gray. Warm white, not cool white. The magic markers were in the Value Pack. I let Marty know I would have some pictures for him later. There were the boards. There was a chicken standing on the board in the windowsill of the restaurant. A waitress came to take his order. There was a boy trying to be all artsy craftsy, and I said, "You don't have to be all artsy craftsy. You know what you're doing." And then the (other) boys bashed him in the head. Rudy was on the Ferris Wheel. He was going around and around and around and around. I couldn't find the Ferris Wheel or a boyfriend. I was kind of connected and not connected. It was a very weird place. There was that board leaned up against the wall at the 6A-ish restaurant in Soho. Alex was there. There were dirty plates all over the table (on the outdoor table, just underneath an empty windowsill (there was no glass in it). I said, "I'll just lean this board over against the wall. I'll just put it here and eventually I'll take it back to the kitchen." There was some confusion about the boss's son. The guy, he thought I was just pathetic. He was very dorky in high school. He ended up being my boyfriend. He was freaking out. I knew he was on drugs because that's the way he acted. Everybody was hitting each other with boards. Lumber boards and ironing boards. Everybody was in pieces. At one point the whole family was on the wood stack.