I met a woman on 42 St. who'd painted a portrait of Bryan Hunt. At first I thought she was a little girl. Then she was grown. Ida was next to her. She took her top off on 42 St. A store of 'Pranks and Horrors" turned out to be a sex shop. I was looking for fake blood and anti-dizzy inhaler for the Olympic gymnast. William was driving the bus. Stephen was chasing the bus and stood outside the store waiting for me to exit into the parking lot. I had crouched behind the counter at the cash register. Stephen broke the door down and hissed at me. Finally he was concentrating on something else and I escaped out the door; and into a huge round building. It was cavernous. It was RC Communications. Lisa Hack came in and said I should at least say something nice about the art school I went to, so it would make the top ten. In the center of the massive round stone building was a room with a record player on the floor. Dora was picking out records and playing them. She played rock n roll songs we'd both loved in the 70's and early 80's. The songs she loved made me so happy I started dancing by myself. I was so happy listening to the music and dancing that my feet left the ground for short, and then longer increments. I became so happy with Dora that I started flying in the music room. I used my hands as rudders and cupped them in the shape of treble or bass ties in music scores, depending if I wanted to go down or up. I followed the air currents and was taken around the perimeters of the room. The air currents kept me from bumping into things. I accidentally made 2 guy (male) gymnasts fly with me. That's why he got angry. They were trying to practice and were worried about having to explain their 'flight'. I could go FAST! I was going too fast to stay in the music room, because of centrifugal or centripical force, and the small size of this room in the center of a circular building. I could go frontwards and backwards. People didn't look at the ceiling out of habit of nothing being there. I could see people working cleaning and waiting tables. And setting tables. I heard my name. It was Alicia and her girlfriend Joshua. They ran and ran after me and when I finally saw it was them I came down to talk to them. We laughed. They distracted the employees with stories that I was pregnant. And we were laughing because they were lesbians and pregnancy was not an issue. To escape from the huge round stone building without being found out, I had to fly out the basement door. Tom Haney was working taking people's coats out to their cars. There were commuter jets that exited from a trap door and orbitted the sphere that was that specific universe of the building. They were fighter jets and five of them came from the trap door; one at a time and in formation. Astroturf grew on the outside of the sphere and I had to hold on tight to stay grounded. The jets come within inches of my back, inches from annihilating me.