There was a reverse lottery. The only people who qualified to enter were people who'd had a brother, sister, or child in their family killed. Through this lottery a brother or sister could win the chance for their sibling to come back to life--but if you 'won' you gave up your own life. The committee killed you--I saw the committee and it was worth getting killed to give Dora a chance to come back for a while. My mother got real mad about me taking too long to fill out my lottery ticket for Dora's life. She thought I was afraid to die when really I was just looking at things. There was a 5 senses machine where family members could re-live moments--happy moments--and the last moments of life with their brother or sister's lifeless body, but very alive in the brain and soul. Evelyn was telling me about her trip to the White House. She said the 2nd lady (wife of the vice president) was breast feeding on the White House lawn; and she introduced Chuck over the loudspeaker as Springsteen. She said, "Chuck Dean, American. As American an icon as Springsteen." And Chuck said, without smiling or any expression, "I'd prefer to be compared to George Bernard Shaw." Alan and I were proofreading and there was a particularly long typositor order, marked   with   breaks   every   word   like   this. I said, "Alan, this is an awful lot of typositor. We could set it on the machine, but you'd have to do a lot of kerning." He said, "It's going to be a busy night." I was trying to find my pants because I was suppose to teach bible school. Clothes were all over the floor and there were a bunch of loose dollars. The dollar bills had flowers all over them and they were (bright, almost hot florescent) blue, pink, purple and white. They were BEAUTIFUL! I was worried I wasn't sure what we were going to do in the class, but Greg said, "It'll be fine." I said, "I thought we'd make half clocks." Only the numbers 12 through 6 would be used. I wanted to let the 6-year olds cut out their own numbers. Dora came back in and said, "You found your pants. I knew you would." She was very calm. A lady came in to Bible School. It was Ackerman's mother. She had a beige shawl around her shoulders and a beige sweater. I wanted to go give her a hug because she looked extremely nervous.