I had to go to a party at 5 a.m. A girl wanted to give me a picture of herself. She was being crucified on a big pointed (whittled) stick and a big star was drawn on the reverse 18 X 24 photo and twisted her head in the middle [of the star]. When it was time to go, Marianna found me and said, "It's time to go." We had to film a special about church. Marianna asked me did I want to take on the semi-religious folks or the real holy rollers. I said, "I'm not scared of the holy rollers and I might be disowned from my family for what I'll say but it's what I think." They made us go through a metal detector at the church steps because we were not dressed appropriately--me and Marianna. I was wearing blue flip flops and Marianna's hair was not combed. Once inside they gave me a black pair of high heel shoes but I wanted to wear my flip flops so I put them on, on top of my flip flops. We were sitting on the heavy old 1920's movie seats and regular church people were sitting in Lazy-Boys. A lady producer came and got Marianna and when Marianna walked back up the church aisle her eyes were wide open and lots of make up and her hair was perfectly in place and combed. Then she pulled the mask off. The wig was attached to the top of the mask. The church ladies had made a super thin latex mask of Marianna's face with lots of alert make up and attached perfect and straight hair that was more yellow than Marianna's. Because Marianna hadn't combed( and wouldn't comb) her hair, the wig was attached (to the mask). Marianna pulled off the mask walking up the church aisle and said, "I'm gonna keep this for when I'm too busy to comb my hair for the gallery. I was afraid she'd get in trouble for going against the church. On the desk I was writing, writing notes for my arguments against religion. It concerned Hindus and Buddhists, and the fact that they could be just as right as Baptists. It was a matter of perspective. I was getting bored in church so I dragged a piano between the rows. Then I had to drag the iron chair and it make a loud screeching noise. A lady brought a stack of hymns and choir songs for me to play. I didn't say anything because I had no intention of playing them. The sheet music on top said, "When Jesus Calls" in swirly writing. It was a threat. A little boy came and started playing at the piano for the first time in his life. I watched him. I wanted the church people to leave him alone. The preacher man told me he'd tried to call me and got a message about "all-star free-lance terrorists." I started laughing because it was the Simpsons and I had come very close to taping Reverend Lovejoy's sermon, but I knew my mother would call and get offended. On the Sunday Morning Bible News, the interviewer asked me religious questions about my dreams with Dora but I would not answer. It was sacred and between me and Dora. I went grocery shopping with Evelyn. In the vegetable section was a plastic bin with loose Cornflakes, artichokes on a stick in front, and dried bell peppers in back. (red ones, green ones, and yellow ones). Evelyn said (that) it was either wood chips or Cornflakes and they needed to get themselves organized. She was trying unsuccessfully to put handfuls of Cornflakes in a plastic bag. I knew I was suppose to get a bell pepper and when I broke it off and pulled it, a Mexican man's head was underneath the bell pepper smiling. (the pepper was regular size and the man's head was the same size as a bell pepper. The pepper had grown over the man's head.) "It'll grow back," he said.