Imitation Bible address books with alphabet tabs were all the rage. The Bibles had 2 purse (the Bibles looked like a purse) We were looking all over for them. There was a place in Chinatown on Grand and Bleecker that had them but was sold out. He said (that) he'd get more in by next Thursday. We said we'd come back and we did. More HAD come in but only 2 were left. So the guy I was with got those and he also picked out 3 copies lt was a very, very thick book, thick book that "costed" $7.99 + tax each. The guy said he'd also fix our shoes and when he carried the 4 shoes in his arms he cradled them like a baby. He dropped one. He was NOT communicating through English. The guy who was with me picked out 3 copies of the new 'art' but it wasn't what he had in mind. Writing,(seen) through bubbles and magnifying lenses was swirly, bunched up. (It was) writing about wolves and it was very hard, if not impossible to read. The books were about 12" X 17" and extremely heavy. The guy said, "I spent $50.00 and got 3 books. One is for you." I knew he'd done the math wrong, but I was afraid to tell anyone. I did NOT want the book. The alcoholic brother's key was stuck and William was making a very small cardboard harp for Stephen. It was made out of the top layer of damp cardboard and had real strings and a cross bar and little knots and swirly air holes. I was fed up with the alcoholic brother and Stephen's ramblings so I walked out and then I fell into a ditch they were shoveling dirt into and stacking in rocks. 2 little girls, sisters, and their brother had been shoveling rocks all day and my foot slipped and fell between the rocks. It was a narrow escape but I got out. The ditch was very deep. The mother was NOT digging. Me and Dora were babies just learning to walk. My mother made us learn to walk wearing high heels. We were only about 1 year old each and it was very hard, near impossible, to learn to walk wearing high heels. my father lets us learn to walk barefooted; we have to remember the rules to know when to break them.