I was drawing the banister on the outdoor steps at the House of Representatives. The rail connected the tops of the vertical post and was attached to a window, the 2nd tall skinny window on the right, of swirly architectural style. Sidney came up and it was time for him to fly the jet. It was a futuristic jet and would do loop de loops and go real fast. I rode with him and was looking down below at the trees. We passed peach trees so I assumed we were in South Carolina. I could tell they were peach trees because of the shape of the leaves. We passed over an orchard of unidentified fruit trees. The fruit was round like grapefruit but white like it had been under a rock. The sphere fruit was hanging. There was a loose prescription bottle with loose Prozac in there and 2 Clonodine. The Clonodine were pink and white capsules which were suppose to appease withdrawal and induce sleep by lowering the blood pressure. I took the jet up but I didn't go that high because I knew I had to get back to ground level. I was doing artwork in 305 and a teacher pushed in the door with about 30 students. They were Orthodox Greeks. The man made an inside joke about Orthodox Greeks but I didn't get it. I don't even know what that is. He proceeded to tell me but I still didn't get it. The girl at the fast food check out was talking to people in line. She said, "May I take your order please.......... next........... may I take your order please................. next............. may I take your order please......... next......... may I take your order please? There was lots of bread cut in half all over the counter. I said, "I'd like some toast." She said, "We don't have that." I said, "Well you've got those rolls and you've got an oven, 2 + 2 = 4, just toast instead of hamburgers. She gave me plain raw bread. I took it and quietly sat down. Then I took my lunch tray back to the cash register. "May I take your order please?" and I said, "I'd like this toasted." She said, "You should get a job here."