There was a deserted summer camp with wooden shacks and in the summertime escaped mental patients would roam the streets. Actually it was a dirt road with a shortcut through the woods and some escaped mental patients, some in pairs, some all alone would walk back and forth on the road. I watched a lady sitting in a chair on the front porch across the road. The camp was abandoned but Rudy left his bicycle there and a green cotton blanket which I put on top of his sleeping bag--so I could sleep without unmaking his made-up bed. A mother was teaching her 3 year old daughter about faith in Jesus. She made her little girl stand on a chair in front of the stove with her head over boiling water with lots of hot steam. She made the little girl say, "I'll love Jesus even if it burns my face off and I die." The little girl was so afraid (that) Jesus was in the process of killing her--but just in time the mother clicked OFF the (electric) stove and said, "How could you be so stupid? Jesus doesn't believe in electricity. Don't you listen to the Bible stories?" The little girl was terrified. William used my film footage of this terrified little girl, with a shoestring tied around her forehead, as his music video; and he sang so sweetly about the scared little girl. Carlos came in with a calendar with Harvey's dots all over it and arbitrary squares (days) cut out across the year. The Carlos ripped it up into tiny pieces and threw it in the trash can. That perplexed me. William brought a new class member who had not seen his psychiatrist in 3 years. The little girl (was) taking dance lessons and they couldn't afford a real Bugs Bunny costume so they used a bright yellow bunny suit with a round stomach sticking out like a soccer ball. Then the script said the little girl got too tall to be a bunny rabbit. They held her like a tree with her legs bent and pointed very lady-like. William brought snacks for the class. He said the new guy was very shy so I stuck out my hand and he shook it. The new guy had huge buck teeth. Rudy was sitting against the wall staring at us but he would not participate. I came in the building on 12th St. and 2 very seedy guys, one old and washed up, were making out inside the doorway and possibly doing a drug deal. A guy with no legs was strung out and was pulling himself by his hands (on his knuckles) up the basement stairs. They (the stairs) were rickety and wooden. One guy told him to, "HUSH UP." I was trying to get past the derelicts and the vertical pole up the stairs. A man at the diner asked me what flavor milkshake I wanted and though I had NOT ordered a milkshake. I said, "Vanilla."