I was visiting Zeb and we fixed up extra beds to sleep on. I fixed a bed I made out of a milk crate and on a elementary school desk with the desk part broke off it. In the other room Zeb fixed up a temporary bed directly under the window. It was night. People were making faces through the window looking down. (over where Zeb was sleeping) It was Sky's apartment. It had 2 big bare rooms with high ceilings. And the film crew from off (of the) movies they make, they were so fake, and I was TRYING not to even look at the party guest(s) because they were so out of it. And finally I laid down on the real bed and turned my back on them because they were so fake and smiling pretty. I was afraid too, and I didn't want to talk to them so I turned to my kitty and I talked to her. Take care, Armando. -- Love, Merri [Armando Perez, co-founder of Charas El Bohio (a community center on the Lower East Side), was murdered April 4, 1999] There was a protest and we went there in roller coaster carts on the rail. There were lots of us. It was for Charas. There were also many prisoners, demonstrating hand to hand combat, to show the crowd of investors what we were capable of. We each collected things to throw off the roller coaster and break. I took a white plaster statue to throw and break. We had to climb under the barbed wire and throw the objects to break out before we climbed under, being careful not to break them then, to save them to break later for the protest. Circus performers were there and they jumped from the press box onto a set of coiled box springs. I was all set to jump. I wanted to so very bad, and then this grown up lady told me I couldn't. I told her I WAS NOT scared of getting hurt. That I would be having fun, even if I did get hurt, and that I had just as much right to jump as the clowns (did). (These clowns were poverty-stricken and wearing very ragged clothes, and for that reason, I admired them more.) One was on stilts and he jumped onto the coiled spring mattress and another one did flips after jumping onto the springs, and another one did back flips, and another one jumped onto his knees. Team studio 305 was following the 4 white girls to Sunday School, when William came along and told us we could follow him on the highest altitude land pass trail to the lowest altitude destination. First I was scared until he told us the secret... The secret: that the ridge along the top of the mountain would eventually lead to a path, that lead beneath the waterfall. In the hollowed out space underneath the cliff between the 500 ft. waterfall and the huge rock mass it fell from at a higher altitude. He was so happy because he was surprising us with a cookout. A picnic under the waterfall and he even carried the charcoal and the grill down the long winding mountain trail, even though it was a lot of extra trouble.