My mother said, "Who left this toaster on? You almost burned it up!" She knew it was me. In the kitchen was a little boy who was playing the cereal game with boxes of cereal that he threw down from the cabinet when he climbed up on the counter. He was singing a song that he made up about Raisin Bran and Sugar Smacks. He started crying that all the boxes were empty. So I was sitting on the floor and I picked up Cheerios that had spilled on the floor and the big empty Cheerios box, and I bit a cheerio and I said, "See, it's stale anyway," (to try and make him feel better) but it was not stale at all. Kevin was doing a card trick with $20 bills. On the stage were people in 'The Little Rascals' costumes. One of them was a cemetery with disjointed misproportioned people dancing ??? My mother had been real sweet with that little baby teaching him and I wondered at what age the sweet act stopped. I was worried about the baby's conditioning for later life. I wondered about experiments raising children. Kitty was hiding and somebody got all upset because they said, "She needs a cardboard box like a turtle shell." My mother was sick and it was raining and Dora asked me to go to the Korean deli and get an aspirin plant [a green plant with leaves that grew aspirin] because my mother said that's what she needed to get better, and Dora wasn't here to get it for her. My mother and Aunt Linda and me and Stephanie had to lay on the down blanket and they were arguing about who got to lay on the hot coals; and I went back and the coals had caught fire and I dumped paper cups of water on the blanket. Now my white down blanket (Dora's white down blanket that I got after she was killed, and that Chuck threw up blood all over when he died in my bed) to sleep under was soaking wet. I did not know what to do, but I thought I had done the right thing. My mother drove to see if I got the aspirin plants at the right place and stopped the car to see tomato plants wholesale at the gas station and she said, "I've got more tomato plants than I know what to do with." An ex-professional was homeless and walking near Tavern on the Green in Central Park. He was on the way to an off-the-books job. He said, "Can you believe when I first came I had to work to pay $1,134.00 a month to share a room with 3 other people and I hated my job I had to work just to pay the rent." I knew what he meant.