I didn't have any clean underwear so I was wearing a bathing suit. It was a one piece bathing suit from the 1950's, but when I had to go to the bathroom it was very inconvenient, as I had to get completely undressed. Then I found some men's boxer shorts. They were thick crispy cotton with pockets and racing stripes. I was wearing a fancy skirt for church and the blue boxer shorts were bunched up and sticking all out at the waist. I had been sitting in the desk at school biding my time; between getting undressed to go to the bathroom, pulling out my bunched up blue boxer shorts, and trying to think of answers to the questions on the test (that was) written on the blackboard. Questions were about Puerto Rico, apartheid,  and the U.S. government. I was lying on the floor next to a guy in the classroom. It was naptime. The guy was suppose to be my boyfriend because he sat behind me in school. He did NOT know the answers to the test questions on the black board, so he tried to look on my paper. The teacher down the hall was late getting there and when she did, the sign said, "5B500." We could hear the--all the students together in the classroom saying together, "Hello Miss Johnson." And she would say, "Hello class." "Hello Miss Johnson." "Hello class," over and over. I did not have a place to sleep, so I had to sleep in the car, but I forgot to put on the emergency brake and it rolled backwards down the hill. I was in Charleston. At the College there were displays for Wonder Bread. Some bags were full and some had only 5 slices. I went to get some coffee at the snack bar and they told me they didn't sell coffee till after 10 a.m. I was asking people, "Do you know my sister?" I told them my sister had hired a doctor for the health services, and they said (that) they'd hired 13 new doctors since then. I kept searching for someone who had known Dora. Girls in ugly, HUGE, way too big shoes were sashaying down the sidewalk. One shoe with feathers was as big as a 10-speed bicycle and she had to move in angles to fit down the hall. That lady who crawled under the table on all fours was licking the floor with her tongue.