There was an overly fancy coffee shop across from the campus. You had to cross a big courtyard to get there and it looked like rain. When we got there the prices were extra high and I felt apprehensive about laying out that much cash for coffee. So I went to the next coffee shop a couple of doors down. It was a no-name place but just as over priced. I decided to leave before it rained and in my backpack I had a notebook page of writing someone described as eloquent. In there I also had a baseball hat to give the dishwasher. On the underneath side of the bill I had written as big as I could fit: "I'll pay you back." He was somebody I'd never seen before and would probably never see again. Then we went to a 7-11 type store and I thought, "This is my kind of coffee." I put my stuff on the ground and paid for a paper cup. But it was really 2 cups inside each other ??? went ??? spilled ??? were opaque ??? Dora ??? ??? 3 of at the very last ??? packets ??? moment I decided to get hot chocolate ??? where I'd get my stuff ??? of equal scattered out ??? contents ??? ??? and I said, "My keys are in there. 4 keys. ??? then I took ??? pull ??? ??? relieved ??? backpack ...then I took the paper cup to the counter to pour my coffee and it was really 2 cups. And so I thought, "Good, I'll get some for me and some for Dora," Then I decided to get hot chocolate instead because it taste better than coffee. I fixed it up just the way me and Dora liked it and I sat it down on the floor. A girl was taking off with my backpack. I knew it was mine, 'cause it was real old and the zipper was broken. And I said, "That's my backpack," and she dropped out the stuff on the floor and there were caramels in there, individually wrapped in opaque plastic, kind of yellow ochre colored, with printing on them, and there were a bunch of packs of equal. They scattered all over the floor. To prove it was my backpack I reached my hand in there. I said, "There's keys in there. There are 4 keys on a ring." And sure enough it was 4 keys. And I said, "There's broken glasses in there, broken right across the nosepiece." * ......them out. Then I scooped out handfuls of sandy dirt and tobacco residue and bits of paper. Mostly dirt. "See, this is mine," I said. "Okay," she said. Dora was nowhere in sight and I could not give her her hot chocolate, so I sat it directly across from me and, sitting on the ground sipping my hot chocolate, I looked at the family photo album. The photograph was stained and yellow and it was people from the 1700's. It was Aunt Jenny 's photo album. The people dressed 1700's but I was determined otherwise. They were either 1700 or 1970. ??? The guy said, "I haven't had a fake birthday party since I was 18." He said, "We'll have the party as the one approaches two." He was talking about the hands on the clock and it took much longer than we thought it would. 