We were in a classroom. Very, very thin green wax was on 9" X 6" strips of wax paper. I was drawing little objects with a razor blade. Then I would scrape around it and save the wax shavings. This scraping was on the state teacher's exam. Then the pennies grew into copper cookie cutters about the very same size as a penny. This time I scraped even better because I had practice, the first time. Rudy was very happy about the green wax. That I had gotten it ALL OFF. Then we watched a little girl and a little boy. He was oblivious, playing. She had 2 braids and blonde hair. She stared at him a long time. Then she bolted up to him, grabbed his shoulders and kissed him. Then he chased her into the tall grass, taller than them. I couldn't see them but I heard him say, "Now I'm suppose to put my hand down your pants." Back at class the puppies were playing on the teacher's desk. It was Mr. Holland. One peed in his water bowl and I washed it out with hot water from a deli coffee pot. Then it was time to go. Class would resume in 1.5 hours and it had taken over an hour to get there. The girl was playing the bass [that] I wanted to play. It was an unusual bass and most of the string part was covered up except a little cutaway for your fingers. On the way home I walked past a roadside produce stand. I ate a strawberry and got one head of lettuce. When I got to the Rocky River bridge at Mitchell Presley's (Ekom Beach) the bridge was washed out because of the flood, so I had to walk another way. I was walking down the old Chestnut St., an abandoned road a long, long time overgrown with kudzu. Near the railroad tracks was a[n] old junk car that had not worked in a long, long time. Lying across the back seat was a black-haired man nodding out. The officer said, "He's O.D.'d." He was gasping for air. He was dying. The officer said, "Do you want to see him die? And I ran and screamed, "NO." I'd seen too many people die already. His little boy was left playing near the railroad tracks. He had a huge turban on his head, sort of 3-sided with his hair sticking out. His eyes were black. He'd been through this before and he was not alarmed.