At the start of each day me and Dora were little girls. We would look out toward the horizon to see how far we could go. We'd see a bridge and sit on the bridge. Sometimes me first. Sometimes Dora first. By the time we crossed to the other side of the bridge, sometimes on bicycles, we'd be grown up. Then we'd take a shower one at a time, in the hotel room at the other side of the bridge--after which we'd be little girls again for the next day's journey across a bridge we'd discover tomorrow. It'd be time for us to rest now. We were playing a game we named "hassle." We were getting ready to go on a trip to the mountains. Rudy and I had drove down the highway to scout. We saw a drugstore they called "Dora's" because Dora had gone there. Then we went back to the house on Maplebrook. We had to wait for everybody to get ready for the trip. We were waiting for Dora. Sometimes she would be there. Sometimes not. My mother was looking for the visitors center to see the place where Dora's organs had been donated and she had 6 passed total. She had ??? I was driving--following Rudy ??? At the intersection nearest the Laurens County Fairgrounds. I make a right turn through a very muddy dirt road intersection. I thought I would probably get stuck but I didn't. Rudy was sitting in front of the ??? place and he moved over and said (that) I could join him. My mother was busy making an apple pie for the mountain trip to try to lure Dora back. I said, "Well, I don't want any pie, and Rudy's favorite is pumpkin. She did not respond but went at the apple pie with more determination. She was spreading a mixture of sugar and cinnamon evenly on aluminum foil to take with us and bake the pie in, in the mountains, so it'd be hot. I tried to help, but I kept doing it wrong, so I quit trying and went back to the fireplace to join Rudy. We joked and laughed. A boy scout troop with loaded guns came across the front porch. Then a fat boy (scout) with a skateboard came on the front porch. About this time I found my father hiding under the stairs, trying to weasle in on the trip. The little boy stared and looked in the open door and my father said, "Stand her and listen to Merri play the piano. I told the little boy. You don't have to. You can leave any time you want to." I was looking for my gray hooded drawstring zip-up sweatshirt.