I was trying to pack my stuff into boxes but I kept getting distracted and most of the time people were trying to help, but they just got me more confused. I was packing ??? France. Then her buddy got out the unopened ??? who told me she occasionally does plus size modeling. ??? with the joke, dance costume business lately. I had been riding on a ride for little kids at the fair. Then a real (horse)... the horse had been attached to the merry-go-round and then he graduated to carrying and then he didn't want to follow the traffic signs so he did a U-turn in the West Village and stomped right over, all over everywhere because of these bent wire tree guards shaped like church windows--the stained glass kind. Then I could see why he was so upset. He (His) leg had been chopped off at the ankle. You could see exactly. I was flying the jet and not doing a very good job of it. I wasn't paying attention and didn't see the red blinking light. I couldn't remember if the guy said for me to push the levers down or up, so I pulled up and the jet's tail was scraping along the highway and making sparks fly. I said, "DOWN." The guy had to siphon oil from his car to put in the jet and he kept shaking his head in disbelief. The lady at the film and TV party made a joke about 10 hits of codeine. I had boxes to mail and clothes were everywhere. I had fun at the girls' and loved them and tried on some crazy outfits and even some lingerie, but I had to get going to mail my boxes and draw the Brooklyn Bridge in black, blue and red on a NY Times full page double spread ad that had lots of white space. I filled it up beautiful. The Brooklyn Bridge drawing was finished in the paper. It advertised nothing. Because I didn't get the jet in the right place, the store rent and was closed and the jet pilot fixed spaghetti, tomato sauce and raw fillet slabs of sword fish and it was TERRIBLE. So I went to changed my clothes and fell down the hill--but I only told him and my mother I was going to change clothes because I knew they'd say NO if I told them I was going to roll down the hill. The hill was huge, with grass, real green and scattered yellow, "daisy-type" flowers.