We were at this lake. It had islands and was about 5 acres big maybe bigger. William was driving a speed boat in the lake. He was going fast. He took us for a ride and we went around islands. He could make big waves by the wake of the boat. My mother was standing just out from the bulrushes near the edge. William was careful not to make big waves cause he knew she couldn't swim. I said, "This is a pretty big lake." my father said, "There's one much bigger." I said, "Where, my father?" He said, "You turn right, down the hill at the automotive service center." And he took us there. It was in Highlands. We couldn't drive too far down the dirt road because of the ice and snow. The lake was frozen over and beautiful. It was nearly a mile long even though it wasn't as much as 100-150 feet across. We went ice skating every year in the winter when we were little. My sister had been killed. I had a little sister. She was 3 years old. Her name was Toya and she was crying and having a screaming fit because she wanted to leave and go home. I said, "Toya, how old are you?" And she said, "3." I said, "Do you remember coming here with Dora?" And she said, "No." And I said, "I came here with Dora ever since I was a little girl like you. You see that tree stump?" She said, "Yeah," And I said, "Dora sat there--right there with me while we put on our skates. She is still there when I look at that stump. Do you mind if I go sit on that stump and think about Dora?" And she didn't mind. She stopped crying and ??? and she let me sit on that sump as long as I wanted to. There was a rubber duck in the bathtub. There was not much water, just a little bit around the drain. It was floating. Then a real baby duck, the same size, came to play with the rubber duck. The real duck had just been hatched 2 hours ago, but he could already swim. They played around in the bathtub all afternoon. I was taking a class and I had to do a project on the computers. One sister was riding a bicycle. One was playing tennis. I had to delete the tennis player sister and there was no way to bring her back. She was real big on screen--about half the entire screen, running off the page. The other sister that was left was teeny tiny on the screen, riding a bicycle. She was 1/2" tall.