This guy I didn't know, his name was Hank. He had worked for 20 or 30 years for Metro North because he loved Massachusetts so much. He had to get up very early in the morning. He loved Massachusetts and had been saving his money so he could find a farm and buy it for himself. He wanted to marry me but we had not even met. My friend Rosemary said, "Merri, go to Massachusetts with Hank and see if you'd like to go there to live and so I did. To me it looked just like South Carolina. Almost exactly like Grandpas farm. Rolling hills and cows. There were a lot of baby cows. All less than one year old. They were jumping--jumping up from all 4 legs at a time. I said, "How do you make these calves stop jumping?" Because they were making it hard for me to walk. They were jumping up real high. Their little hooves were about 4 feet from the ground. There were lots of them too. Hank was walking out there in the pasture too but I was walking by myself. He was being very nice to me and I was chewing bobble gum. Lots of it. When we got back from the pasture, Rudy said, "Merri, you've got bubble gum all over your face." I had been blowing bubbles and popping them so I could hear the sound and I didn't even notice. I went to look in the mirror and sure enough, bubble gum was stuck all around my mouth--it covered my lips and went up to my nose in some places. I couldn't get it all off. Hank wanted to have sex with me because we were getting married. I didn't love Hank because I didn't know him and there was no chemistry but after all we were getting married. We laid down on the floor and he was on top of me when my mother yelled from the kitchen, "Where'd that muffin go? Half's for Linda." I went to help her and the muffin had fallen to the floor and crumbled up. Now there were only ??? left and all but 2 were wrapped for Christmas presents. But the shape and the icing leaking through the paper--you could tell it was cupcakes. 2 were not wrapped but they were specially decorated for Christmas. One had a Hershey's kiss on top. The other had a big horsey cheap, blue Christmas light stuck in the icing. By this time the broken muffin had multiplied into many more muffins--of different kinds (but none the same kind as the first one that fell). There were 5 new muffins that came from the original muffin. Blueberry, purple, cranberry and 2 more I didn't know what kind. At a parade we were weaving a hug American flag--a choreographed weaving of hundreds of people carrying 12" wide rolls of cloth--red, white, blue. Each strip of cloth was about 100 feet long. Nobody bumped into each other. 2 boys or else very short men were tap dancing out in front. My mother wanted to watch the tap dancers. A fancy lady in a self-important hurry asked me where she could go for lunch. I told her, "Go to the penthouse at the Hilton," because I knew she didn't want to eat any cupcakes. A girl was soaking wet and running around screaming where was her walkman somebody stole it. Bonnie came with a radio and threw it down on the concrete and smashed it and then ran real fast and flung herself bare-legged down on the concrete, sliding head-first and scraped her knees up something terrible.