Dora was sick. In the airport I found a fireplace and made a fire to keep her warm. I propped her up on pillows and tried to make sure I put a log on to keep the fire going hot and not die down. I had to keep leaving and come back to check on her because there were things I needed to do. There was a drugstore in the airport and I was going to get some things to help Dora: some medicine, Vaseline, and on the way I had to walk through the high school commons and there were lots of tables filled up. I met a table of 3 misfits. A very intense quarterback football player who used to be a heavy drug addict and was not rehabilitated and bearing down hard writing on his papers--trying to straighten up and fly right. He was studying the 12-steps. He had 2 friends there. The one girl--she was very butch, husky, with a bad haircut like an adolescent boy would get in a hick town barber shop on the half-days when they were busy (Wednesday and Saturday). She was gathering information. His other friend was a morose black girl. She sat without talking at the table with her fingers laced, elbows wide and resting on the table. She was deep in thought. She never looked up to see anybody. She was the only one who saw the big picture. The tables were metal made to look like fake wood. They could fold up. William came to the school to teach a class and mostly guys were taking it. The rehabilitated football player and his 2 girl buddies were taking the class as one person. Other than me, the rest of the students were guys. The football guy and friends (3 counting himself) wanted to dress up as Bible characters. They were going around trying to find a wolf skin so he could be Abraham or Moses. ???The 2 friends were his lost sheep. I knew William already, so I could be me. I said, "William, right now, I want to smash the table with a hammer, just to hear the noise." He said, "OK." /??? Sitting on high stools. The guys were working hard. One guy was painting the table green and when he painted it, it became transparent and green. See-through metal green. I remembered Dora and I went to check on her. ??? tampon stuck and went to the doctor ??? about 3's and 7's. We were standing in line soaking wet. I was wearing long thin cotton pants for running and a thin long sleeve cotton shirt, soaking wet and I was cold. Then I ran to see Dora. By now I was dry from all the running and not so cold. At a church they were lining bags to take to shut-ins. A lady, she said it was donation bags I was going to take one. (they all had coffee, eggs and other stuff in them) but Dora persuaded me not to. She said it was not a sin to steal from the church, but it was a sin to take anything from the kind old people.