I was in a bar with people I didn't know. There was a little girl with blonde hair. You could tell it was real blonde because the light shining on the face, the little tiny hairs on her arms and face were blonde too. She was staring in the mirror and I was staring at her. We did not move. Still like chess men. We were back in the TV couch room. She had gotten accepted to Wisconsin State and met a guy 5 days before. They were getting married. She left and I was laying on the couch with her fiancée. I was laying on my back and in front of the TV but not watching it. He was laying on his back with his head in my lap. He had a bald head. He rolled his head from side to side on my lap and it felt good. Then the blonde girl came back. She was exasperated. She said, "What was I thinking? I'm NOT going to Wisconsin and I'm NOT getting married. The guy got up to try and change her mind but she was already gone. I put on a thick cotton gauze yellow dress. Daffodil yellow. It had one inch shoulder straps but I unzipped the dress and let it fall to my waist so when I walked it dragged the ground and the wind would blow and it would fly out like Batman's cape behind me. My kitty liked to walk just inside the wind tunnel of the dress. I was walking down Washington Sq. When I noticed people staring at me and I realized I was half-naked. I went into the first building on the right that looked friendly. Sure enough there were apartment keys in the elevator. I pushed 3 and 8 but I knew I was going to 11. The dial had no numbers just notches. 2 dials. One above the other. There were 12 floors. I stopped at 3 and 8 but I didn't get off until 11. When I got there it was a fancy apartment but in a way it was very plain. The refrigerator door was open. The house was very neat, but inside the freezer was helter skelter. I set out to make some ice. I filled an ice tray and put it in the freezer. I left the freezer door open but the ice made so quick I could not believe it. I took out the ice and set out to make some more. If I closed the freezer and refrigerator door it would make real fast, I bet, but I had to leave. The folks coming back might shoot me if they came back on Sunday afternoon and a stranger was making ice in the refrigerator. I was in a chicken restaurant that was expanding. They had crazy rules--old/new. They guy in front of me ordered a chicken breast and baked potato. I didn't know what to order so I didn't order anything. A girl and boy were teaching me to dance a dance. The girl was teaching me. The boy was taking pictures. I didn't know which way to go. I was standing in line to go to the bathroom in a school. Then a black male teacher came in with a line of little kids. They all had to go to the bathroom. It was taking way too long. Long. The teacher told the kids to unbutton and unzip their pants and drop them while standing in line so they would get done sooner. The children's eyes told me they were scared but they were scared NOT to do as they're told so they stood in line with their pants down looking scared in their eyes.