I was taking a writing class. There was no teacher there so we were goofing around. Nick was there. Sometimes he was very quiet. Sometimes he wasn't. We were all getting sleepy. It was night and we had nothing to do. Nick laid down on the floor on his stomach and I did not think about it but I went and laid down on top of him. It felt good and he rolled over and we were front to front and he got up to take his shirt off and just that second the teacher walked in. Nobody had done the assignment, because we didn't understand what to do. The teacher left and we were suppose to continue but things fizzled out. Me and Nick and Rudy walked to a mall. It was partly closed and partly opened. We stood in front of the automatic doors and watched them open and close. We walked through the closed part to the open part. Nick had to go to work at his job. He was a security guard. He worked nights. I went back to class and spilled a couple of tiny drops of soup onto somebody's paper. They had written with black ink on pale blue paint. It all blurred and ran into each other. 4 lines of text in all--2 above, 2 below. It all blurred and blurred till there was nothing left and it was my fault. Then the teacher and Jasmine came in to do a reading. None of us were expecting this. Nobody was ready. A fat country boy read an eloquent piece about growing up in Madden's Station. I yelled in excitement, "That's where we kept the horses!" It was inappropriate that I yelled but I kept pointing out Madden's Station to everybody around me. Jasmine came in for the reading in a floor-length black dress, lace. She was dressed to listen. I was trying on pretty bras. A black lace one and a white lace one. I did not want to cover them up with a shirt so I walked around in the black bra and forgot I wasn't wearing a shirt until the big teacher came in and then I remembered (that) I had been fooling around with Nick and she would think it was more than it was and kick us out so I put on a white t-shirt. At the basketball game we were reading at center court. A riot broke out. A housewife lady in class was counting out pills to share, getting them stuck in handfuls of sand. They were green. I didn't even want any but she said, "At least take 5. (that's a years supply)" The riot was getting bad and Jasmine said, "Go to my house on Clinton St." It was a very tiny house. 8 feet X 8 feet. It had a sink and a couch. In the sink were chicken leg bones and empty KFC boxes. Jasmine came and said, "I'll give you a ride home. Go look in the car." I opened the hood instead of the car door and it was full of lettuce.