I was in a huge ship. It was so big you couldn't tell you were floating on the water but you were. It was night and I was sharing a room with Dora. She had the top bunk and I was sleeping on a shelf. There was not a window at my shelf--it was actually under water level, but inside the ship, so there was plenty of air and no water. Rudy's place to sleep was on a shelf way down the big room past a little tiny window. You could see the horizon--the sky and the water. It was night. The sky was not black at all but went on and on and the water was full of sharks and things you could feel but not see. Me and Dora were trying to sleep. Rudy had gone to perform with the Blue Rain Boys. People were making noise. Complaining and whining. I went to see if I could get them to shut up. I could not. 2 little boys in between the rows were singing. They were singing good but their Mother pushed them to come and sing for us and this, being forced and scared to sing, took away their desire to sing. They were scared in ???. My mother came and kept wanting to watch everything I was doing. I knew she was their only to criticize and tell me I was doing everything WRONG WRONG WRONG. I went back to sleep, to try to, on my shelf. The Blue Rain Boys had gone on a 24-hour performance ???. Stephen was trying to get in the door. He was trying to force it open and use people in manipulative ways. He sat there 24 hours waiting on me to come out. Alicia came in and she was proud of me and she laid down with me on my shelf and hugged me calm reassuring tight. We went to sleep in a hug. When I woke up we were holding hands. The inside of the room was the inside of a huge sphere. There was a rope swing attached to the center highest point of the dome and a long long piece of rope there to swing on. It was for pent up fun and to experience the laws of geometry and physics ??? distance, coordinates, angles form the ??? bisect the ??? hypotenuse ??? bisect to triangles, points ??? 3 dimensional, 2 dimensional, C= kick off point where you ricocheted from the wall. ??? point where you swung from ???/ torque ??? rest of your life, but D (D, E, F, G, H, I, J, K, L + top of point of sphere to continue inevitably). You could continue swinging the rest of your life, but D (or the final stop swinging) would be the last point this would continue from. ??? 3 dimensional triangle (pyramid) Swinging in the sphere was so much fun. It took you to another place without a name and away from all the other people and distractions and noise. I was swinging for a long time until I got sleepy. I was very tired and I kept trying to sleep but I could not sleep for one reason or another. A fire had started and the fire truck came and I couldn't figure out where they parked because we were in the middle of the ocean. The fire chief said that Rudy had left a wooden spoon in a teflon frying pan and left the burner on and this had started the fire that was now out. The rain had put it out. The fireman said he was going to sit the teflon frying pan out to catch the rain for 3 days/nights. ??? stuck for life ???/ my 9th grade home room ??? Harassing me with loud inaccurate ??? He would not press charges. 12. Rudy was out on tour anyway and my mother was in the good seats waiting for a performance. I walked out. ??? how silly ??? white trash make fun of me and laughed at me ??? motorcycle and rode with him to a gas station/drugstore near 232 St. I went in for cigarettes but there was only make up. Lori Hall from my 9th grade home-room was in there laughing.