We were given 2 pieces of hard tack in the army. Really it was just burned toast. I was taking windsurfing/sailing lessons in the water on the west coast of Florida. The water was clear and aqua blue at the same time. The water felt good like cool nothing against my skin. I swam out with the windsurfer and by the time I got out deep enough it was a sailboat, bugger than a sunfish, smaller than a catamaran. Just when I was about to start, waves were coming in big. Across the bay I could see a beautiful city from another century. Maybe it was St. Petersburg, Russia. The domes on top of the buildings were shaped like breasts. Then a huge big wave started coming. Before it hit, the water sucked backwards. Then the huge wave hit. A little notch was cut out of the wave for me and Dora--like a lawnmower cutting through the water. I asked the instructor, "What is that?" And he said, "It was a tear." Somebody big somewhere was crying. ??? I was cleaning up the bathroom and kitty's cat litter box and a mouse dropped to the floor. I heard my kitty said, "Fresh mice!" I was living in Chinatown off Allen St. and we were late for school. I stopped at a fish and vegetable market to get a school lunch but they were trying to make hamburgers. Because we were so late for school, me and Dora were taken to school in a police car. The halls were big and outside. There were galleries represented there and in front of Marianna's spot her and Carlos were playing in a rhythm section unenthusiastically. Carlos was sitting back playing 2 tall African drums and Marianna was standing in front playing maracas. She handed me one and I shook it and hit the tall African drum with a stick. But it wasn't loud enough. I wanted to smash it--bang it LOUD. I couldn't get it to play loud enough so I left. I rode my bike back through Chinatown. In the museum, David Foxworth and his gang were lounging and making fun of misfortunate people. They were mean. I didn't like them. In the bathroom, Faith helped me wash my hair. She was helping me get ready for school and I was late again.