The right hand was ??? the left hand kept us as best it could. My hands were writing about my days. William's family lived out of state. William dropped me and Evelyn off at his parents' house to go downstairs and further downstairs where the action was. William needed to go to work. ??? 7:15 we lost in warning. William's family ???. It was night and since his mother and father were vampires, they were not home yet. His brother was standing on the stairs and said to stay while he went to??? I went to ride the rides. William had 15 brothers and little sisters. They functioned on the outskirts of reality. He had 15 brothers and sisters. So many that the little ones had to sleep out in the backyard. The puppies were warm. His oldest brother was a drag-queen ballet dancer who whined and complained. A waterslide connected the basement to the above. Evelyn had thrown her bags and clothes and books she was carrying below the basement to lighten her load and when I tried level 6 and step on a pile of books and papers, toys and clothes, the foundation (pile of junk) slipped little by little and gave out under me to the level below. I was lost. William's little brothers and sisters were playing. The littlest one (a girl) hoped ???. I slid on the water slide but I knew not to scare her by talking to her. We just played together. No street signs only parking lots and a hungry cat. 20 guys (2 rows of 10) were sleeping on the floor and woke up and asked when I was to play with the little girl; and then the just-near-adolescent boy was admiring my rebellion and we became friends till his father the vampire came and slapped him around and it was time for me to go back to the ground level, but the water slide flowed downhill, the foundation had given way so I had to walk the long way up the ramp and through the parking lot of the Arby's which was right across the street from William's parents house. The driving instructor hit me with the side of the car but I told him I could walk. The security lady said she'd call an ambulance for me and did I want a smoking or non-smoking ambulance. I said non-smoking but I could use a cigarette right about now. Just before daylight, William's oldest brother, already a vampire, came in flapping his arms and came and asked me to borrow $5. He said times were getting tougher for vampires these days.