I was running in the marathon. At first I didn't know till I realized it was a run for Dora. I had run the first 14 miles when we came to a small wooden house. A man inside was practicing piano. The ??? I got a drink of water and was tired, and was hoping someone would come and help me carry the bags. Then Dora came and told me to throw the bags in the ditch. I said, "But Dora," And she said, "I'll take care of it." So I threw 'em in the ditch and she was right. Just before I left ??? needed to get 3 gallons of milk for coffee ??? railroad tracks ??? walking ??? going ??? ladder ??? teach ??? over to make myself to see him ??? ??? because the race would finish without me. The priest Harry Grover was dying of cancer and couldn't stay around for me to talk to him. A fellow was practicing piano ??? A case of mangos was in the route cut open with a razor. They said, "Suck the juice, it will give you enough energy to win. I sucked the juice. It gave me energy. They said they had a bathroom every 4 miles ??? I went to the bathroom and started back running, throwing my bags in the ditch like Dora told me and she picked up what was important. I was running ??? Where the music stand should be a pile of ??? but when I touched them they were ??? ??? TV newscaster said this was the longest stretch of ??? ??? Steinway was set up thee on a wooden platform like Hot Wheels accessories or rocks along a road. ??? a beautiful cloth of black silk and to touch them they were ??? I was going to play Bach but instead I got out the music to Dora's favorite songs. ??? ??? Debussy one more page along a bridge ??? Dora playing it and went on to finish. ??? I had been sitting under the steps. I got up and ran without looking and didn't even know I had been hit by a train. 2 girls asked to go with me and they stopped at a store selling African drums and rhythm instruments and one girl sat down with the drum between her knees and the other playing castanets and a crowd gathered, swaying and the big video screen showed pictures of the girls. They did not look like them and close-ups of a girl and boy kissing who were sitting the next park bench over.