We were sitting on top of the hill and the rain was coming. I was sitting on the floor in front of a low table balancing a frying pan. I couldn't decide whether to cook the bacon or the eggs first so I chopped--sliced the bacon up and threw it all in there together. 3 eggs, 3 pieces of bacon, scrambled. When it got close to finished cooking--but too runny--I don't like runny eggs--nobody was there to eat them. A social worker offered me a huge bag of cheap Halloween candy. She had it slung over her shoulder like Santa Claus. She said she didn't want it. It was cheap candy but did I want it. I said, "I have one piece of Godiva chocolate Alan gave me, do you want that?" And she popped it in her mouth and made sucking noises and said, "Ummmmmm." Alan was there trying to read aloud the pages I'd typed. Words were missing all over the place and every "t" I typed came out an "f," so when I typed "it" it came out "if." And it didn't make sense. He picked out sentences here and there and Stephen was trying to roll over on me and twitch his body in a sexual way. I said I have to leave. The rain was coming. I went to Chinatown and ordered a small soup and rice. I as looking for a used appliance store (junk shop) but instead I found a take-out restaurant. The girl behind the counter wrote a poem for me about me. She said I was a little girl in the poem, in a beautiful spriteful way. She read the poem in English but wrote it with a black sharpie in Chinese on the paper bag and gave it to me. My soup came and it was time to go but part of me wanted to stay with the Chinese waitress. I went on to the thrift shop and found what I'd been looking for. A pair of flannel men's pajamas. Size S. Someone had spilled globs of clorox on parts and I knew they'd look beautiful if I soaked them all in clorox. They had short sleeves with navy blue piping. This was their one fault. I went to the loft and Marianna was sleeping on the bed, on her side with her eyes opened. Mary had painted a map on the door with watercolors of foreign countries. Green maps and (land) blue frothy water. She started very intricate, blending green into tan and blending water to shoreline, but she ran out of time and got increasingly sloppy. She started at the bottom. The door was on the inside. I didn't know my exact address but I assumed it was on 20 Street somewhere around 2nd Avenue. Door #1. I wondered of any deliveries would ever get there, but that's the closest I knew to where I was.