We were on a winter vacation in some people's house who were not there. My mother said they kept it real clean and we got sand everywhere. It was cold. There were 3 houses. Ours next to the water (on the right if it was behind you--left if it was in front of you). We were trying to pack up to go but we kept accumulating more and more stuff. The basketball court was 2 doors down. At center court was an adolescent girl just developing. They had her on the news and the bleachers were full. Kids were making fun of her and she was upset because the extra weight of breasts interfered with her swimming time (added seconds, kept her from winning). They used a stick pointer and pointed to her breasts and leered at her, calling her the best swimmer in the world, but they didn't mean it at all. My mother said, "Merri, go to the grocery store and get some bread," but there were 4 loaves already. So I told her that. I made 2 pieces of cheese toast and my mother said didn't I see the newspaper article? That cheese got a bad write-up. I let it keep toasting, not caring about the newspaper article. She rolled her eyes and shrugged her shoulders. It was time to go. A crack dealer tried to get me to give him my $10 so he would have an even thousand. I walked back through the door and he went through the door to the inside. I had to go to the gym and it was full of a few teenagers in Lazy-Boy chairs. The boys were all smoking cigarettes, holding them very awkwardly and believing that they looked very cool. The coolest kid was a shy one not smoking whose hands moved very specifically with accurate intent. It was cold and I said, "Rudy there's a sunroof and we've missed all the sun." It was our last day. ??? all this sun. I had to go get Rudy ??? and sun, and when he saw a different family and different furniture, he realized and came back outside. I was already going up to the sunroof over an open-air parking garage that stuck out (the roof) over the water. My mother was packing things to go layered between towels. A journalist was doing a story about a young tennis player and her family who'd sold many houses to fund her tennis. The girl was picking up rocks and labeling their type----volcanic, ore, quartz, etc. and the article drew a map of where the girl found the rocks.