We were at Aunt Joe's house. Me and Rudy. We were trying to get used to being there without Dora. Then real quick Rudy was a tiny little baby but he could talk. He was embarrassed. He said, "Merri, it's time," I said, "It's OK, it happens to everybody," and I looked for the diapers but when I found them he was all grown up again. Other people were in that weird room at Aunt Joe's now. The room with the piano. It was a group from the country church who were becoming Bible sellers and encyclopedia salesmen. One guy said, "When you first start the company can't afford to hire you. They lose money training you. But by the time you finish you can't afford to leave. You owe them too much so you have to keep working. Jack Nicholson was in the room with the country Christians. He was making faces. We were suppose to be practicing Bible sales pitches but I as practicing Mozart. I was practicing the 3rd movement (rondo) of the Sonata in C. (the part I don't know good yet) the music was all the way across the room and I couldn't see it good and a lady yelled at me to stop. I was sad to stop. I was trying to get the part above high C. ??? ???/ Bible sales pitch . ??? I lost it at the part ??? A girl was reading and memorizing a paperback book (worn out) called Bonfire Vanity for her pitch. It was laying near the piano. I picked it up and threw it across the room as hard as I could. It landed under the radiator. The cover came off and it tore apart. The girl said, "that's my book," I stared at it under the radiator. We left and we were in the car. Dora was driving. Rudy said, "Merri, I think I should tell you, I'm beginning to get a heroin addiction. I said, "uh-oh." He said, "You're the only person I know who would say that." I was looking at his strung out girl-friend. Trying to see her pupils. ??? and when we were walking. ??? said, "I want to show you something. ??? They're on the second floor. ??? nationally. I let myself get lost from the group and walked into a ??? in an empty room. There was a piano there but the lady at the desk said nobody had played that piano in years and they weren't gonna start now. ??? let us go up the stairs. Then when we left she was in the crawl space under the stairs next to the door and I said some people are just unhappy. I was completely lost trying to find Dora's house--walking up and down the sidewalk looking for people who could help me. There were lots of people but they weren't the right ones. One girl, I thought she was wearing me overalls with the physics laws written on them. ??? the TV guide and I was trying to find the Simpsons. I walked into ??? and bumped into the man and I said, "I'm sorry." ??? see a lady pulled her cape ???Evelyn. I asked Evelyn, "Don't the Simpsons come on anymore?" and she said, "Yeah, but at fucking 4:00 in the afternoon." We were mad together.