There was snow outside. Snow iced over on top. Crusty snow. Outside the side window that tracks had not messed it up yet. The hook was big. It held up Christmas trees. It was near that time. My mother picked out 2. They were delivered and they bent over scraping the ceiling. One-legged Delores spoke to me on the steps and asked me how I was. I said, "OK." She was talking about did I give blood at the hospital. I was watching for Bellow. His ear. One was mixing dough in the sink and I said, "Do you have to take this much space?" And she said, "Yeast needs warm water to activate." And I said, "That bread has yeast in it? She said, "Yeah, want some?" So I took a glob. It was shaped like the inside-out and the outside-in of a shirt. I was looking at slides on the light table. They were shaped like iMacs. They were of my art and were frothy pale colors and sanded down on the edges. On top were circles. On the back of the bookcase, packages from rocket toys were hanging, according to height. Tallest ones on top. Instead of saving them, the girl had saved the packages. I tried to understand. I forgot about rolling my film because of the slides. The timer was gone and I got all mixed up on my developing. I got so ??? I lost track of time. ??? 1:1. Stephen barged in and said, "Look at me." ??? developing. I got so confused I took the top off the canister. It was cracked and old. I hadn't even put the stop in. I realized over half the developer had leaked out and I mixed some in a plastic cup. I dumped it in and occasionally agitated when I remembered. Stephen was angry. Mad. Nuts. Screaming. Ranting and Raving. Trying to get me to look at page 18. I wouldn't. The sound wouldn't go. I forgot what I was doing with my chemicals. I took the top off. I rinsed with water and I had not fixed yet. Stephen started yelling at a guy named Mark. He (Mark) said he saw him, and he'd do karate. He (Mark) said, yes, he did think Stephen's capable of killing me. I agreed nonchalantly. He started showing his karate kicks and hits in the darkroom. 2 girls started rolling seductively on the floor and I said, "Silly girls,' because there were pictures to print and not much time. A party was at a loft--suspended from the ceiling on ropes and bunji cords--with only a minimum amount of stretch. I jumped up and down on the loft and it bounced like a boat on water. Nick and the girls got scared and I saw the girl as she overlooked the living room with fireplace below; said she'd invite me for dinner when it got cold. She said, "You can bring anybody." Nick said they photographed his chest for a poster for World's Gym and he never did weights. I knew Stephen might come back. I left the loft with folks, friendly. I was going across the bridge by myself. On the negatives were pictures of my art with some pictures I had not taken of the 1st Baptist church came out clear, clear, clear. A torn envelope with Jasmine's cancelled checks from long ago were in the darkroom drawer. They were pale green.