Darlene was standing in front of a very tall building. She was crying. She said after 59 years of acting she'd given it up. I told her, "That's good, I've never been happier since I gave up acting." She said, "Can you get me some grapes?" I said, "When it stops raining I'll go out and get some in my hand." The smaller ones were old, old grapes. Raisins. I was going towards there but ate most of the grapes. Then we were at a big, big loft. They were getting ready for a party. Food they were getting ready was all over the counter. A lady had a special roll (bread) and she dropped it on the counter. I picked it up and handed to her and she threw it as hard as she could against the stainless steel sink. She said she was not gonna eat it after I touched it! Then she started crying and she said she was a little upset this week since she'd just been arrested for punching 2 cops in the face and a black man. I said, "I can believe it. You've got a temper on you." The hard roll was soggy now from picking up traces of water in the sink. Joe Fong was writing Mayor Guilliani a letter about trash cans in the city. How the mayor put all these fancy trash cans all over the city, and Harper screamed, "Harlem, Harlem, Harlem." but James was doing a survey of the left out places and James had written down the East Village and I said Chinatown. By now there were jackets all over the concrete ground in front of the building. There were 2 little girls. When they were asleep the families did operations on them that changed them into each other. Their minds were the same but their faces were changed so they looked exactly like the other (Merri=Dora, Dora=Merri) when the little girls woke up they didn't know, except when people called them by the wrong name. Only when they looked in the mirror and saw the other sister did they know something was different. But in time we got used to seeing the other sister's face when we looked in the mirror. This was OK. Dora smiled back at me. But then the parents did another operation to put an old man's head on my body and when I looked in the mirror I was an old man. I had never seen a little girl with a gray stubble beard and stubby, prickly, gray, white, black sprinkles of stiff chopped hair on her head. She took the puppies out and let them run loose and play in the side yard. They were brother and sister puppies. I wasn't suppose to let them run loose but I did anyway. I was running under bridges instead of over them on the lower (upper) end of Manhattan.