At the meth clinic they were building 200. The real animals were falling off the school lunch. Not a bus you remember. And in the fall I met who's not coming and they cut ??? There were firemen hoisting themselves uphill on a pulley. 4 firemen. One was a woman. They had a bucket of water each and one had a plant waterer. They were waiting for the 5th fireman, a woman who would not use the usual route. Just then a very fat black woman dressed in Sunday clothes cut loose in a wagon pulled by 4 black horses, sleek and strong. They would not go up the hill toward the firemen but down the hill and crazy curve to the right and stop. They did this twice from the same starting point--where the uphill horizontal pulley started. The 3rd time she had passengers riding--a rich preacher she'd met on a Caribbean cruise and someone else. The horse went crazy and kept going right toward the picnickers down where the hill leveled off. I watched to see them hop up out of the way. It was funny but they were scared and she was screaming apologies. Finally the crowd, some in bulldozers and high machinery, circled around the worn out horses closing them in with the angry crowd and closing off my view. I'd been sitting outside the doorway, trying to catch some sun between the shadows and a man kept offering to let me use the headphones from his car generator to save my batteries. I went in the car with him and others --he offered me tapes to listen to too but I told him I had my own. We were going fast around a curve when my door flew open. He was yelling, "Shut the door!" An 18-wheeler got close up on his tail--inches close--because he slowed down too much. It was crazy for him to worry. When we got there I had a waitress job at a dark coffee shop that looked like a bar. After not-too-long a fellow worker started talking cult-talk to me and I realized they were trying to get me. I had tables to wait. A guy had asked about bagels and I said, "What's spread out all over the counter, that's what we've got," and offered him the tasting bagel to try. He said he'd have whole wheat toast, no butter just jelly, cut diagonally. I tried to cut it but the knife ripped it instead and there was nothing to do but toast the bread, torn into 3 pieces and explain. When it came time to get paid, the cult woman gave me $50 in Confederate money. I put up a fuss about it and said "I need money." She said it was probably worth a lot more but I turned it over and the price tag on each bill said 40 cents. She was in charge of the weekly office cult. That was the name in big letters on their church. Weekly Office. I started screaming about their no-good lying cult and walked off with Theo who'd asked me about some towels sewn together. Evelyn came by and we went to a thrift store where 3 blue jean jackets hung on backs of chairs. One had names in ball point pen--boys names across the back. One had a black sharpie drawing of a boy in a hood with rhinestone studs at his elbows. One had pockets in a weird place. Evelyn found a bright aqua teal blue coat she liked. I had to lifeguard. Mary was covered up to her head in the sand and she got up effortlessly as the sand fell away. I got a phone call that Ed McMahon was casting a movie in my home town. I walked to the Long Island watershed district and looked over the high wooden fence that ended. A patrolman said he couldn't arrest me for looking at the fence, but if I touched it to try to get over he would arrest me right then. I touched it and found a foothold to start climbing when he left. The only path I had not tried was one that looked not like trying--that it lead us nowhere--a footpath. The others were car roads. There was long since trampled grass and a shell from boiled peanuts with one peanut left inside.