I was with a stranger who was trying to convince me and everybody else she had the best sunglasses. She didn't have them with her so she would break into cars and try them on and say, "See these? Mine are like this but better." It started raining. I was making a collage with elements of the periodic table. It looked very much like the periodic table but helter skelter. The traffic cop pulled away and all my elements in different type weights and different industrial colors blew all over. I couldn't find some. There was a boat tied to a cement dam. I sat in the boat and rocked it in the water. It felt good. I lost the boat and was pulling myself, arm over arm, by the rope back to the dam but then there was a current swinging me in a huge counter-clockwise circle. The current was stronger than me. Rudy and Lisa were relaxing near a pool. Rudy was in the pool and walking back to the Isle of Palms-ish hotel. I started, hesitated, then Lisa came out and waved. I had a playground (grocery store) ball. I kicked it and asked Rudy to go get it. He was in the water. He said, "If you wanna be on the Oprah Winfrey show, you go get it." Oprah W. was doing a show about lovely city pools. We left the ball. Then Rudy went to practice swimming against the current in the lake. Troy and another guy were practicing too. I was picking up green beans from the dam and taking them to the front porch. When I went back 2 were all wet and flattened out. I asked the guy in the passenger side where my beans were and he said he'd been using them for band-aids on his ankles. Rudy and his swimming buddies were eating rice from stainless steel bowls. Eating from bowls the other one held. It made a little circle. One said, "We don't like to look like we work for a living." On the ramp a futzy girl in a huff brushed me aside and I said I'm not taking the boat anyway and started dancing like a leprechaun, singing. She imitated me and I started singing the Violent Femmes. "Just last night I had forgotten of just how sick I had gotten and just how sick I had become.........." She didn't know this. A guy chimed in and she flirted with him and they went away together. 2 snakes were kissing in the shallow end and a baby snake bit my toe. Alan said, "These 2 computers are bubbling--bubbling! Let me take a look.