There was a high cliff that lead to a long cave underneath. A lady said, "Look, roses." But I was in a hurry to get there and not sure if they'd let me in. Regulations were stiff. You had to be perfect. I know I wasn't perfect but that I had made some progress. I lined up. And older lady, a stranger who was sometimes my mother, was saying who got to go down the waterfall. I wanted to go down with no hands all the way. When I finally got to the bottom it was time to down the falls again. It was fun sliding down, but a long walk back up and so very steep. I carried some sheet music with me. 12 sheets with exercises and scripts. I went past the cliff and to the overpass. Too many cars were there. I had to get some ice and there were small 8 oz old containers with the ice all frozen together. A few have three ice cubes and six ice cubes and are melting, a few, and the lady at the counter said, "Here, why don't you take this?" and it was 2 huge trash can lids, beige plastic; put together and filled with ice. I didn't know how to carry it. There was a dance--and a play being rehearsed behind a wall. Empty chairs were lined up but nobody could see anything. People were sitting on the bed--4 people. Dora was trying to talk to Marion Woodman. The dance was in a circle and also divided into 2 sections. One was full. The other was space. Dora was sitting with a cereal box upside down over her head--a kind of kids' cereal that doesn't exist anymore. She had eye holes cut out. To see. I was dancing, sometimes in rhythm, sometimes not. They played the B-52's J(song) Rock Lobster and the dance floor was filled with rocking chairs. I didn't rock I danced slower to the slow-down part till I curled up on the floor. We were at the grocery store, me and Dora and Meredith, and we were looking for on-sale desserts. Most were the cheap yucky kind. We wanted to get something for my father, but I had a feeling it was for us too. Cakes went around on a vertical turntable. Some had pictures--one had a carousel but messed it up with stupid Cindarella-ish stuff. Some were green. I was holding 2 very small almost deformed tomatoes in my hand. At the dance Jo Anne Brownlee asked me to tell her what happened to Dora. I went back into the dance to get Dora to help me tell her. Then I went outside and sat in a chair and waited. Jo Anne asked me some things about my father and said, "Isn't he just such a good person?" and I said, "But when good is too good it's bad."