We were in a place that had to be Cleveland. In front of a brick project like building was a swimming pool with lots of chairs around it. From a far distance I thought it was a zoo and monkeys grooming each other. But I got closer and there were no monkeys just people. They were all doing each other's hair. I'd never seen this race of people before. There were all one. I walked further and it was a Bleffel family gathering in a room and at picnic tables. A lady I didn't know wanted me to draw her picture. I didn't want to. I told her I could write her name on a piece of paper. She told me her name but she wanted a picture too. People were making a mess. A guy fell asleep and let a lit cigarette roll across a beat-up vinyl couch with foam rubber sticking through. I handed it back to him. A guy yelled his name and my name and went to hug me. He was laying on the bed. First he wasn't him. Then I could see he was my cousin John just waking up from a nap and I hugged him. A clean-up crew came by with a clean-up poster offering to clean for $5. I thought there must be some mistake. That at least they left a "1" out. Then the family was off to 6-Flags to get the special deal before daylight. We rode the roller coaster backwards through water that was coming off the roofs. Then in the bathroom my mother said she saw a man's arm without the man in the front doorway. I got separated from everybody. They had cars. I had roller blades. I didn't know if they'd left buy it was 6:23 a.m. by now (it was 6:03 on the roller coaster) and now it was broad daylight. I skated down the interstate farther and farther. I passed exit ramps. Then I realized I was alone and that they were probably waiting at the gate till the park opened regular at 8 or 9 a.m. I knew that the further I went the further I'd have to go back. I kept going. I was later at a hotel room. Debbie was there. I had a small bed. She had a water bed. Little by little the room got messier and messier. Fruit rolled all over the floor. I found a xerox paper box. Inside under my bed, Debbie had put 2 open packages of sliced rye bread, the front pieces all clawed and mangled. Behind that was a bag of Thomases English Muffins, all soft and squishy. 4 of the 6 were there. I was watching a cartoon I'd never seen before and making the color and resolution change by hitting buttons on the remote.