There was a prisoner. He was locked in a room sort of in a basement, but not quite--a separate room--a pod at the high school. He was going to be released the next day. I could hear him over the intercom crying. He wanted to talk, so I said OK, come talk and he left the locked room. Before daylight I walked along down the hall I saw 2 women security guards looking at his cell. They were dragging the bottom of a drainage pit, with pipes. An iron gate was over it, to see if he had hung himself. I was walking in a mall and went in a store, when I thought it was a thrift store. An attempted too-sexy girl with red/white flowered, split-legged pants languished on the counter in a pin-up position with her middle-aged boss in a suit. The clothes were cheap and over-priced. I looked and left. At another store me and Evelyn were looking at bras. One was too big. It was green. Stretchy lace. The others were bright primary shades of cotton. 2 colors each (blue/red, red/yellow, blue/yellow) Rudy was in a swim meet, up on the starting block. I was cheering him on. The gun went off. The others dived in and Rudy stood ready. I pushed him in. I didn't realize it wasn't time for him to swim yet. I made him get a false start. After this happened a few times, he gave me a black waterproof time watch to wear on my arm. It was a watch too. I was sitting in the creek. My legs were bruised with some lacerations. I was trying to push a pill through my skin to heal. It was where my mother had hit me. My mother got a camera to take a picture of it. The picture showed one of my hands on my leg. But she insisted it was a boys hand on my leg and screamed. She said she'd only caught both hands on the film she'd know who it was. I knew she would not believe me, so I didn't try to explain. We were in a cavernous big auditorium, on the way to high school elections. There were 3 guys running. None of them were from our school. One of them was sitting on the floor voting for himself repeatedly. One was handing out bookmarks. One was drawing pictures of himself. People were forgetting to vote.