We were at Grandma's. In the front room. I had been very very busy and tired. I had hung one art show and taken down another and instead of resting, My mother wanted me to go to church. I paused to rest on the way under the railroad tracks at the creek. Railroad ties were stacked up under there. A strange lady wanted to clean them up but I said, "Don't, they're holding up the bridge." Then we went to Grandmas, me and my mother and Rudy. My mother finally said ??? we have to go to church. People were there and strangers. Grandma was there. It was the front room. I was tired. A guy I didn't know, divorced with 2 children, told me, "Why don't you get a beer from the window sill?" and I pulled back the curtains and saw beer bottles and glasses of orange juice. Grandma had put them there for people who wanted beer. I took some beer and forgot where I put it. I was tired. I wanted to leave and go to sleep. Rudy didn't go to church. ??? a dark skinned lady who was lying told Dora she needed groceries for her baby and Dora believed her. I don't. I was mad that Dora helped her instead of taking me home to rest. They took the car and went away. I was looking for a specific type face on the computer to weave a story about 2 women, 3 men. I typed the letters and the letters turned into their clothes. It said Happy Birthday ___________.??? A famous artist, woman in a magazine, had a photograph in a magazine of an old pink chair painted pale pink. She had a picture of a penis only painted pale blue. She was about 100 years old. Only the penis, not the man, was in the picture. Dora was not back yet. When they came back, they had just gotten back from the Office Depot, changed cars and drove all the way to Greenville and I wanted to go home. Then the lady was stealing a burlap bag of vegetables with maggots, flies from Grandma's porch. An old old man from India was leafing through a scroll of writing--and knowing exactly where. Then the scroll became his robe. The knowledge from his robe became a book in 2 volumes, each about 10 inches thick. Miss Pat was Keith. Hank Finley was with Keith. I went to hug Hank. I didn't have a bra on. He said oh this is what he missed; he'd been divorced 15 years. Me and Dora and Rudy got in the car and we stopped to roller skate and the lady said, "Couples only," and I was on the ramp. I said, "I can't go down the ramp?" And she said, "No." I took one skate off. Children with hardly any hair were milling around. The hair they did have was scarlet red and very silky and straight. Some were pale blonde--but hardly any hair. It caught the sun.