I reached underneath the piano--behind the music stand--above the strings, under the wood. People had stuffed trash there. Candy in baggies, used Kleenex, paper towels. I kept grabbing handfuls and always there was more. I was moving from 2 places. Grandmas and the log cabin. I had cleaned out from under the bed and nailed up what was in a closet--a board over it so it looked like wall. I said to Rudy, "Don't let me forget to take down that wall." Rudy went to take a shower and his hair was sparkly blonde like Marianna's. It was luxurious in the shampoo bubbles. My father brought a fellow over. I was wearing my overalls backwards because I put them on that way to see how it worked and then I didn't have time to change them. I was packing to move. The police were at the door. my father came and told me he brought this fella over and told him he could make a special milk shake drink. my father handed me the milk shake cup and ice cream. I had to stop cleaning. The police were knocking. My mother surprised us all by shouting from a hidden bathroom. She was taking a bath. We didn't know she was there. It was time for breakfast, she said. It was french toast. Stacks of it. Rudy put a piece (of French toast) in the sink and watched water run over it. My mother put 1-1/2 on my plate. Rudy got as many as he wanted. There were 30--40 pieces of french toast on a platter. One waffle square. And a 3rd tray of waffle-ish french toast. The man was still waiting for his ice cream. The police were still there. The ice cream man had a picture of a shadow of a wolf. He kept saying, "You can see the wolf but you can't see his eyes." Rudy and me looked at the picture and it could just as easy be a bunny. my father said the man needed to hook up his computer to see his e-mail. There was an electrical outlet in the closet, but I tried to explain to my father it needed a phone line too. There was a tray of plants. A man was asking me for Valium. I told him I didn't take that stuff anymore. The plants were dancing. Flowering, budding and growing leaves in comparative unison. They could see. They were facing each other.