There was a big concert. The band was other worldly but sometimes was Bowie. At lesser times it was the Rolling Stones and rarely Pink Floyd. I danced. Danced like crazy to "Hang on to Yourself." I had 2 pony tails on the sides of my head like handlebars. They were bouncing. I was dancing between rooms. The walls were thick, thick marble. Big and open. Between 3 rooms were 3 big wide open doorways. You could stand in the doorways until it was OK for you to go into the next room. I was in the middle room. Doorway to the front room. It was smaller, but still big and airy--thick marble. There were chairs in rows. Empty chairs. I was dancing. There was an old iron fold out tray with blue paint and sharp sculpture tools inside. Stephen had been acting crazy and I needed to keep the sharp objects away from him. My father had got an elephant. He also got a new young colt because Scooter died. He was living in a trailer and had a story telling class there. 4 people were there. Me, my father, a girl and a boy. Girl--about 20 and Spanish. Guy--about 25. black. He read his story and kept going faster and faster. He was saying things a pro football player said, talking tough and arrogant, then finished with words to Rappers Delight.......hip, hop, hibbidibihoppi and hip hip hoppin, etc. My father and the girl said it was real good, but I said, "I couldn't hear you. I couldn't understand you. What you say matters to me more than what a pro football player says and words to a song. I was feeling brave to give my opinion after being in Eileen's class, but his feelings were hurt. I went in the kitchen and there was a mouse-person scampering on the floor. I thought, "Oh no, someone's been sleeping with the hamster." And there was a big ear with dog feet. I said, "What's wrong with that dog? He's deformed." And my father said, "He feels bad because he's black. He looks how he feels." I thought that was rude of my father to say in front of the black guy, but really it was deep and empathetic. my father had a cheap internet print-out of tricks to train your horse. But I thought my father was better off following his own feelings than a so-called expert stranger. I walked down the stairs and through a crowded restaurant. I had been laying out in the sun and lost my top and I as looking for my flip flops. I walked with my arms folded across my chest and hoped nobody would notice. A natural disaster happened in the sea near Switzerland or Sweden. Due to the energy in the air--lightning--the energy of the waves. To avert mass destruction a group of people had climbed up on each other's shoulders and let the lightning electricity strike them, flow through them and into the water. One woman died--because she didn't believe she was strong enough to make it. She didn't believe. Her husband carried her across the beach by the legs--stiff as a mannequin. She had on lavender sweat pants. Then I had to go to the hospital--Beth Israel--to see somebody I didn't know who. I walked up 7 flights of stairs and didn't find them. One the way out I found Dora in a group of people and she said wait for her while she went into the Duane Reade. She came out with 3 giant candy bars and I wondered why. When we went out the metal detector she gave on to Ricky Shell who was the bully. I told her I'd go get one to replace it. He had taken her favorite. But she was giving them all away anyway. I was suppose to be going to Dr. Stastny. I kept walking with Dora and I didn't know where he was.