I was in a lot of rooms. Basement rooms. It was art school and there were parties and art going on. I did a few lines of coke with a girl on the floor. She had a whole lot of coke in a clear plastic round cylinder, the size of a film canister but bigger circumference. We left there. They wanted me to see some other artists' work at this school I had gotten a scholarship to. People would introduce themselves and give me their credit cards. I had a stack in my pocket. They were Dora's friends. A boy who'd just gotten his credit card that day wrote his number in red ink on the card and gave it to me. I found a girl under a table with more coke and did a little. She had pills too and a red glitter drug I'd never done before. A girl bought me a beautiful night gown of mesh white lace, purple and blue. She said she'd already called the doctor. That I was sick. I did not want to go to bed. So I left and went to a part of the art school. It was where new students hung out. People from my art school were there. Lessie Fitchet, Rich Godfrey, Annette Guilliano, Lisa Hack. I smiled, they smiled like no days in between. I mixed 3 drink glasses. Soda, soda with orange juice, and soda with OJ and liquor. I went to wait for Dora at a basketball court. A girl's mother was blindfolded, handcuffed and hung--dangling. I was teaching the little girl to paint. We were painting on a big white t-shirt. Azaela flowers. White and pink and fuchsia. She painted so thick the white paint glopped off and splatted to the ground. I said, "That's OK. It's just like bird plop and birds are always doing that near flowers. It looks just right." Then a little boy, 12 years old, was lead across the stage. They injected him before he knew it and he became calm. Then they electrocuted him--currents of 2000 degrees till he was burning hot and turned to a small lead statue. His hands were handcuffed behind his back. His hair was dark and shoulder length. His clothes were dark dark blue and black. I touched him. He was burning hot. They put him on a shelf to cool off. When he cooled off he would go back to normal size (the statue was about 12" tall) but his hands were still handcuffed and the handcuffs were double locked with a hardware store vice-grip saw lock that he would have to go ask them to cut off at the hardware store and then try to get the handcuffs off. He was accused of questionable behavior.