I was up in the tree house drawing on a J.D. Salinger book. I climbed down from the tree house. I got news that Tom Brandon was coming, so I went back up to the tree house and started researching books. There was the darkroom and so many activities to report on. Nick was not saying anything. He was waiting. Wrestling on the floor. Rolling around with some person who wasn't there. Tom and Nick and Wes were all ??? book ??? things are............ I was waiting in the tree house for William. I was trying to read a book but I was too excited to concentrate. It was Halloween and William was bringing two masks. Every year I was Frankenstein. I painted a big red gash on my forehead under the mask. You could not see it through the real gash on the mask. I had to leave and come back and in that time William had brought 2 masks. One was the usual Frankenstein. And one was a clown mask with crazy possessed eyes and kinky hair. I saw the clown and for the first time in years I wanted to be something other than Frankenstein. Usually I slicked my hair back and pinned it under a skull cap, but I thought I could pick it out with an afro pick into a frizz ball fro and wore big old polka dotted pants. A girl came up to the tree house to ask me to help her slick her hair back. She had black hair. I don't know what she wanted to be. I needed small bobby pins but all I could find was needles. I left and was riding a horse near Mount Gallagher church. It started raining. I ran into 2 fellows who said it was time to switch horses so we did. This new horse had no saddle. I had to ride bare back without a halter or stirrups. It was a beautiful horse. Smaller than a quarter horse, much larger than a pony. Dark brown--dark chocolate like. It felt good to ride him bare back. Marianna was waiting to do William's costume. I had followed with tracing paper. They had sugar cookies. William was tasting a big one. One was crumbled and bitten. ??? party. Harvey had gotten married to a woman named Ava who was young and not a U.S. citizen. She was pretty if she'd keep her mouth still. She constantly moved her lips around in every contortion lips can make--scrunching them up, wiggling them, puckering them. It was worse when she ate. She started eating a big plate of spaghetti with that mouth of hers going like crazy and I had to leave.