There was an open space with tables. Very low tables close to the floor. About a foot high. People were traveling back and forth the long distance in between tables. We were sitting on the floor, swaying to the music. A guy who seemed very happy left to go jump out the window. Rudy heard he was going to jump and went to talk to him. But there was a high fence all around the playground with rusty razor wire on top. We looked up and the top was caged in with criss-cross razor wire. I told Rudy, "I don't think I'll try to climb the fence here." A guy ripped up the fence from the bottom high enough to crawl through. He stood with his fists clenched like superman. my father was sitting in the car waiting for us but the car kept moving to different parking lots. Dora was sitting on top of a grassy hill with me. She had brought us gifts and disappeared. 5 gifts. 4 or 5. More than 3, less than 6. For me and her she had little see-through bags of make up we didn't need any more. Brand new, expensive make-up. We didn't need to open them, but I held them, knowing one was hers, one was mine. There was a little girl. She asked me to teach her to roller skate but we only had galoshes, rain boots and no shoes. We put our feet inside the rain boots. The boy who had seemed so happy had jumped out the window. The authorities were looking for Wes. They reported that he had sent messages filled with profanity--both intentional and intelligible. Spoken messages. They were mad because Wes said the Christ Child was no more than a toy in the attic. There was a knock off toy store that sold cheap imitations of kid cereal. There was an imitation of Cap'N Crunch called "Crunch Something," but I was looking for the real Cap'N Crunch. The fake one had a price tag that said $1.29. There was real Kelloggs Raisin Bran. It cost over $4.00. I looked behind the bottom aisles--trying to find Cap'N Crunch and found some toys. The ones on the left were useless. Cheap plastic toys. But there were arrows with Batman and Robbin on front. There was an expensive black rubber pencil holder with Batman and Robbin on it.