Me and Dora were playing tennis. Doubles. Dora was serving. I was at the net. We talked strategy. Dora told me something to do. Drop back and take the backhand side. The stadium was packed for a big baseball game. On a diamond. Then there were 3 small games going on. On long narrow rectangular fields with one batter each. A huge 50 ft. hippo escaped from the zoo. It was huge. At least 50 feet. It was big enough to crash through the stadium and onto the baseball field. They caught it and were going to put it in a swimming pool to keep cool. They pulled and pushed, but he pool was too shallow but it was all they could do. Then a bigger monster escaped and came toward the baseball field. They thought it came to see how the game was going. Just then, a strong, heavy woman from a church softball team came up to bat and the outfield moved back against the wall. "This woman could hit. Her hair was loose. Long. Blonde. (dyed, roots growing in) A small little upscale coffee/sandwich shop opened on Gregg St. I was working there. Bryan Hunt came in and ordered a muffin in a T-shape with mustard spread evenly on top. I was just smacking it on top, the mustard. The other boy who worked there, he was about 13, he showed me how to do it. He said you just go slow and take your time. This is how Bryan Hunt liked it. Bryan said, "Why'd you open a shop in this bad neighborhood?" And I said, "It's Clark and Division, isn't it? It stays busy." And he said, "It's not Clark and Division." And I said it looks like Clinton St. but Chicago and he said, "Yeah." Cops'll come in here asking for something and they won't wanna pay. They'll try to force you into the bathroom and deposit their sperm in you and Ackerman will get it all on film. Then I was at the high school. They were in the auditorium in orange, mad-flowered suits, re-using sentences from a health food company giving away free samples of yogurt. Very small containers. I took 3--vanilla, chocolate, cherry. I went in the math room. I kept walking in circles, and every time the students in the desks were getting older. 10 circles, 10 years. I was telling Nick the woman gym teacher/coach was in a scam marriage. He didn't know. I told him the story. The woman coach was a lesbian. The man was gay. So they just got married and both kept being gay, but the town people didn't bother them, because they knew they were married and this made everything all right.