I was suppose to visit Valerie's mother at 8:30 a.m. I called Rudy at 8:30 and he was at work instead of going with me like we'd planned. Rich had the ??? so I called Mrs. Snyder ??? On the way me and Dora were going to the grocery store or clothes store. Grocery stores had sprung up everywhere. I asked Dora how a town this size could support so many grocery stores. There were too many people in the grocery store so we went to the clothes store. She was picking out cat food for kitty, but I told her kitty wouldn't eat Friskies. She liked grape jelly better. But the grape jelly (1 quart) was runny and almost empty so we didn't get anything. Valerie's mother was getting nervous, and taking out art books. Learn how to draw books. The salad--I accidentally dumped it upside down in the fridge and there was white dressing and I tried to scrape it out with a spoon. Sitting down on the floor were girls to make paper dresses and paper underwear. I was getting ready to leave. Valerie had just gotten off drugs and my mother kept reminding Mrs. Snyder of the date. That it hadn't been that long. Valerie's dad was laying on the floor and I told him, "Yoga is a good thing." He said, "Yeah. It is." My father had a xerox copy of a story I'd written at age 9. The handwriting was neat. He had legal paper too. Uncle Nat and my mother had been collaborating on a business scheme. The code numbers said so. My mother said the patrolman didn't have my phone number and was trying to call me. I was helping some little kids get ready for church. But instead we were playing. I was throwing them acorns and was showing them what a pineapple was. We split the pineapple and were ripping the flesh out with our hands--tasting it when I realized we were already one hour too late for church. Their father came to get them. He was black. They were different nationalities. He came to get them when we were playing mid-stream and took them in up in the balcony. In the back of the balcony were portable toilets, but the door was fake wood to look like the church. Ladies in the choir were singing awful and I decided to go the bathroom to not listen. A guy opened the door and I stood up. Later I went to Elena's. She was asleep and would not wake up.