I was working at the pool. At the deep end there was a lady I needed to save and there was a swing set. On the side next to the swing the lady got out. After I swam over to the swing set. I was shaping the letters out of metal and adjusting them with a wire I clamped shut with pliers. I got finished attaching Linda's name to the swing set. I was clamping the hooks tighter onto the letters to make sure they wouldn't fall off. There was just enough time to swim to the deep end and look at light under a microscope. I had to be finished by 12:35 at night. A girl was coming on duty then. I wondered if Dora had been swimming too. I had forgotten one thing. It was quicker to dive across the corner through the water than to get out and walk across, so that's what I did. The school was P.S. "?" on 67 Street West. Corinne was teaching photography for 12 weeks. First she taught 6 weeks, then we agreed she needed some time off and I'd teach for her for 3 weeks and then she'd finish the 3. I said, "I'm gonna make those kids print good and I'll make 'em get the dust off the negatives." Then I realized I always got dust on the negatives and then I was a real slack teacher. There was no use. A girl was very afraid of her mother. So afraid she ran away and left life-size cardboard photograph cut-outs of herself all over the backyard. 3 of them. One was in the porch swing out in the back yard with her boyfriend. The cut-out was smiling and smiling. The girl was different ages in the photos. My mother came in tearing her night gown off. She was standing in front of the window. A knock came on the door. It was something about Dora. Something terrible had happened. The lady called through the door because the wind was blowing so hard it would blow the door into pieces if I opened it. Something happened to Dora. I had to go find her. It was cold. I stopped at a roadside fruit/vegetable stand and they had watermelons grown into the shelf like ingrown toenails. The were $3.99/lb. I took a silver metal pencil sharpener out of the kids' toy box as my free gift so I'd have an extra one just in case.