I was at Vicki Davis's family's house. They had so many pound cakes in the refrigerator you couldn't shut it. I thought there were 2 ways to get the refrigerator to close--eat some of the cake or take the pies out and re-arrange them. They fit nicely. The mother said, Aren't y'all getting tired of potatoes?" She answered herself, "Yes," while the others said, "No." One yes, three no's all at the same time. We were in a multi-level office. Dr. Stastny was there working away at a computer. He didn't look up. All I said, "You hit the letters. I don't know what you did, but it worked." He kept working and went to the other level. An older man art teacher came. Stuff was spread out all over the floor. He had linseed oil. He said, "Brush that on there real thick, real quick, then rub hard on there with colored pencils--browns and greens. Hard lead pencils. I did and the husks of the corn cob pipe kept getting deeper and deeper and spitting out Styrofoam with sparks. Then he knocked over the linseed oil. It smelled good. There was a little blond girl playing drums like crazy. She was keeping time with her feet and playing a great drum solo. Some hip young kids came in from a road trip and told the art teacher they'd been to Texas and did he know (they listed characters from the Simpsons). The man said he thought he knew them and they laughed even harder. They were making fun. I was on the sidewalk with a blond young man much like Tom Fink. We kissed on the sidewalk, just where ??? I wondered if time would re-arrange itself differently. Eventually he went his way. I went mine. We both made each other happier for the time. We held hands on the sidewalk. I had to cut 4 X 4 or 8 X 8 matts. Me and Enrique and others were at a 2 day county fair. We were walking and thinking and in the middle a lady asked me to go trade in her lotto ticket for her. It made me mad. I took the dog with me and went through a door that was closed. I found a souvenir suitcase that said, "European Tour, Fog." He had tossed it out. I was going to cook weird shaped spaghetti and dye it dark green. It needed 2 days to dry.