So many pairs of pants hanging on a rack by the side of the road down a hill on the left. Mostly blue jeans, painter pants, khakis and some nicer stuff at the bottom right end. Disguised royalty was picking out an occasional pair of pants. Not very often. I needed some pants and I found just the right ones and I put them in the back to hide them in case the rich guy wanted them. They were next to some large print fuzzy hounds tooth pants and jacket on the bottom right end. Linda said they were some designer's a few years back. She was tiny from the size of the jacket. Walking/running down West Main Street, I HAD been able to run, hop and fly (from very very long sustained hops) and it started to rain. A horse was beside me, walking toward the stop sign on Academy Street. We were in confusion. Structures were falling. A paint brush covered over the dirt with paint, a dust film anywhere were falling and ??? we'd communicating in the same room but through a phone. She ??? on the floor a few ??? from ???. Carlos came and picked it up. I was sitting next to Dora in a swing. She missed my father's eyes looking into hers, saying, "Look at me." Then Rudy was next to me and we were going to Dora's run. I had a broken blister but I was gonna run fast. I was riding on Dora's shoulders. Then she was a very, very old man. My mother kept taking Dora out of the grave to display once every year. She explained to people that Dora was dusty 'cause the dust built up underground. That made me mad. Dora was beautiful no matter if she was covered in dust or an old, old man. We were in a picnic line for Dora's run--me riding on the old, old man (who was Dora) his shoulders. When I got to be too much to carry, I still held onto him/her but I picked my feet up under theirs (his/hers) and helped lift their feet. The hot dogs were almost done. Many people were standing around, waiting for second helpings. I had been waiting in line. The hotdogs were almost done. I had to go first. Dora and I had gotten separated.