There was an organic salad to be made. There was a photograph of just how to do it, with baby red cabbages and chick peas and garlic that looked just like chick peas and artichoke hearts and celery and other stuff. We had 3 weeks to make it. It was suppose to be organic. Rudy was in charge of the project and had an insulated bag to carry the salad all over the country and to London if necessary. In California there were organic vegetables at every shop--but there was a beach and we wanted to spend our time there. When it was time to leave I couldn't pick my clothes up off the floor. I stayed at the beach house. There were security guards making the rounds. One fixed a big plate of grits and breakfast meat. I was trying to tell him we grew up on grits nearly every day. He was not listening to me. I was talking but nobody would listen. Then it was time to get back to the salad. Rudy came back and we went to Aunt Joe's and Uncle Gene's. Their house was changed into a summer camp for rock and roll kids and the other side for Christian youth. There was a sign out front that was orange. It said, "Fishing @ 90 m.p.h." I was confused by the sign. It seemed too fast to be fishing. Uncle Gene had painted a sign and a "Anderson" coat of arms on a black board with white paint. The letters were blocky like he made them with masking tape. It made me mad that he took our name for his yard. The crowd was getting bigger to make the salad. Dick was in from London. Lots of hip rock and roll kids talking with Rudy, laughing, getting lost in his stories. The Christian campers had started moving in on the other side of the house. They were--each group--trying to sing their music louder. A lady, a boy's mother from the Christian group, was next to me, working out on the weights. When she yelled, "sliders," a guy with big, black army boots would slide down the pulley and kick me. I asked her what they were doing. She said if I was not gonna listen about god they were gonna beat it in to me. I was getting sunburned. Very sunburned. My hair was getting white from the sun. I was waiting.