I was getting ready to go to a birthday party with Dora. I was trying on different shirts. She was sleeping in the hall, sitting against the wall under a light. She was past being concerned with such things as appearance. K-Mart was said to be having a sale on old Halloween masks from the 30's. The masks were wax metal, you could put them inside your mouth, bite down and the mask would grow out over your face. But when I went to buy some, and buy extras for friends and experiments, K-Mart didn't exist any more. It was as if K-Mart had never existed. I went back to get ready. A black boy with a fairly new dope habit was on our front porch. He needed a fix and was getting antsy. He started yelling at his friend. He was getting desperate. I went to take another shower in the outside shower. "2 showers a day?" a fellow said, who was trying to get a conversation started. "Yep," I said. And that was that. I was wearing a 1950's, early 60's one piece aqua-blue bathing suit to take my shower but I wanted to be naked outside in the world. Stephen had been up at the green house, sitting inside a red car, holding $10. out the window, hoping a dope dealer would pass by. I still had to get ready. I put on a black shirt. I took it off. I was wearing a blue shirt, very high on the waist, and I put on a bra under it and an olive green shirt of Dora's over it. I could see down my shirt and it was sexy to me. Before I left school, I was helping some very small children get down the steps of the church. One little boy was not any higher that 4 inches. His leg joints and bones, one--one leg were made of wire. A dentist did the operation, and instead of attaching a foot, he attached a huge index toe to his wire bone leg. He went down 2 steps. They didn't have a teeny foot his size. Minutes to work. Gauze and overwork were everywhere. The little toe-boy's father came in and picked him up, because coming down the stairs had worn him out. I was living at Grandma's house. The case workers were coming out to make sure it's alright--clean-wise. Grandma had left it pretty OK. I didn't know how to give them directions to get there. All I could think was Grandma's house. I'd never needed more that that and didn't know how to say.