We were walking down a dirt road, me and Dora and a stranger, to see/hear the Backwoods Charleston Philharmonic. A WW II bomber was flying low and aiming at us. We ran for cover. Because it was raining, the orchestra was not sure if they were gonna play. Too much trouble to get down the dirt road. They were still undecided. While they were deciding a few case workers strolled through and sat in chairs, occupying these chairs. While the philharmonic was deciding whether or not to come. They piped in Aerosmith and Ozzy Osborne and Black Sabbath, AC/DC. We were dancing in the balcony aisles, me and Dora. I was freer in my dance and was finding strange rhythms within the music, using my hands like rudders to a sailboat. I had taken a shower in the kitchen and the living room carpet got all wet underneath. It was someone else's turn to take a shower when the Charleston Philharmonic came to the backwoods. I went to the basement to use a computer. Alan was there. He straightened out many tangled wires that were my thoughts. He was working on a project. Trying to update a system that was archaic. He came in and announced to the staff that he had something for them. He waited till all 4 staff members came to sit around the table (after they turned their TV game show off) and dumped K's and Q's out of the bowling bag. Inside was mostly some of those pale ivory folders, some colors, he was holding in the bowling bag that was broken in just right after many years of use and a satchel that was somewhat falling apart. Alex had been working part time freelance at an ad agency. I knew something was up because of his attention span and his preoccupation. HE had lots of money. He was in and out. There was a young boy and a young girl. The boy was photographing the girl. I told her to hold the cat so she'd get some real expressions. The family was staying at the beach. When we got back, Alex was standing outside in a towel. He was hiding out. They were after him for something. I tried to get him to tell me. I could see worry in his face. He brought belongings. He told me to get all the damn animals out of there. He couldn't think. Eileen was doing a class and asked us to act out cleaning. People acted vacuuming and sweeping and scrubbing. I stood leaning against the wall. My father came in to get rid of Alex. He took a shower and stood in front of class in his towel that didn't reach all the way around. I went and told Alex he had to leave. He panicked and told me they were after him. The cops came. He disguised himself and a black man claiming to be him said wasn't I gonna kiss him good-bye after all that time we spent together. I didn't. I said goodbye. Then Alex, disguised as an old man, started running knocking things over with a gun inside a stocking cap he held in his hand.