There was something going on. Criminals had escaped, 100 or 150 of them and they were traveling in pairs. There was a front little porch room--but bedroom because a bed was on the porch, that had screws and a screen door. You could see outside and outside could see in. There was no light on the porch so I screwed a light bulb in a cylinder that came from the wall -- so my father would have a light next to the bed to read from. There was no lock on the door but my father was not scared. When I was staying there, the criminals were on the loose. When I was screwing a latch onto the door, the 2 criminals came to the door. They asked if they could come in and rest. They were very nice and quiet, so I said OK. I told them I was just on my way out and asked should I go by the police station and tell the cops they were there. They said, "No, that's OK." And they sat on the bed against the wall waiting. Alan came by and brought me some Xeroxed sheets of music but some of the music was absent. Just empty spaces across the page. Music and nothing. I had taken a present to Raymond. Alan was sitting in the only ??? I was on Prince Street with Rudy. Topless sunbathing with Lisa. I didn't go with Lisa. I stayed where it was raining waiting for the rain to end. I could see the shacks--a lot of roadside stands. I tried to make instant soup but it clumped up. The case worker said if a cup was missing it meant someone had escaped from prison and ??? A train set and all the rush hours were different. A favorite "Little Rascals" episode was on. ??? I was scared of my mother. I wasn't looking where I was going and I ran off the road down the hill. Down and down and down to where there were strangers. She said sweetly, "She's alright." The strangers they were tall. A very tall, slender, ebony beautiful girl. Another girl had already punctured her with a huge hook, but not on her. The guy was wrestling with a steer that was trying to poke holes in him. They were fighting it out, the 2 tall, tall dark women were gonna fight it out. ??? She said she knocked that bitch out in 5 seconds. After it was over she was telling me reminiscent stories about her home town and fading (her head was falling, her voice dropping off). Her boyfriend was carrying 2 sets of works in full view. He said she needs a fix. I was afraid they were giving me a shot. The needles were used and sort of yellow. I started walking away and it took so much effort I walked with my body leaning at a 45 degree angle. My feet were weighted down and heavy. I was walking away, leaning into the frontward direction.