Jasmine was in an office in front of the darkroom. She had come there long ago as an intern and began telling stories. Even about a roll of art tape. She had lots of stories to tell in one day and the other girls, at recess, crowded around to hear them. Years went by and now she had a big office and a key to it. As soon as I finished moving and cleaning my room I could go to the darkroom and print. I went ??? It was big and nice and I looked for a way to make the oblong and ??? Jasmine had to leave and looked at the new darkroom. My mother came by and was putting lady-ish touches around. I got on the train. I went to see Ziggy Stardust. The next show was at 9:30. It was ???. Nothing could be. I got dressed in the only clothes there. A plaid skirt ripped off short. 2 young girls--Lolita types--were giggling and dressed like school girls and an older man was list--giving them a ride to school. It did not matter they were late. They might not get there anyway. I walked by the church where little girls in green girl scout uniforms were lining up. Lots of them. Little ones, taller ones. There were lots of other little girls--little--4, 5, 6, 7, 8 years old. Not much older. They were sitting in the church yard around a tent, when they lined up there. Across the street. Hundreds--thousands of little girls, little, were sitting in the grass at the Presbyterian Church. More were coming. They all sat on the grass and clapped their hands fast as hummingbird wings and the dresses stayed still. You could see thousands of blurred little hands clapping, the girls cheering, there bodies still, sitting in the grass. In their spare time they sewed on patches, squares divided into triangles. I walked out a door into the snow. When I was returning to the inside of the Woolworths, a foreign family that spoke no English was coming out. The little girl, about 3-4 years old, was ancient. I accidentally bumped into her as I was coming back in. Since they didn't speak English, I didn't say anything. Then the child said to me, "You could've said excuse me!"