We had been pole vaulting down a river. There were patches of sand and rocks. Sometimes you'd get your feet wet. It was cold in winter. This was the way to get downstream and across to the other side (river bank). We were going to have a picnic on the highway at a rest stop. There was a newsstand. The walkie talkies didn't work. There were no "no picnic" signs. We decided to live at the picnic. There was a teeny little trailer for me. Very teeny and very, very small on the inside. There were dancers, enough to make a tribe. Mess, clothes, used towels scattered around and NO BATH MATTS! So I went to the store where they had lots of bathmats. Pastel colors I didn't want. It was small and square and almost black. Then I saw the one I wanted. It was like a shammy with Velcro all around the sides. There was a history pageant. A trip back to the 1700's. People were walking across a stage. People walked across the stage--a line of them--they were not used to wearing clothes like that, and looked more like a herd of cows than people. I stuck out my feet to look at my silver slippers. They were beautiful. I went to show that I knew how people walked then--wearing all those hoop skirts and everything. The girls in the pageant were vain. With the centuries old, and dresses they wore in the latest styles. Then I went to Linda's store. A guy who was Linda's partner had hurt his back. He had called a special cab to come in the middle of the historical pageant and pick him up. The historical pageant had to start early because it was mostly old people in the audience and they were falling asleep. When I left Linda's 2 people were there. A man and a woman. I knew but didn't know. A different guy connected??? There was a man, a politician, wearing a suit standing in the ocean in his shoes. Waves came over and he would run. Campaign promises he wrote in the sand and the waves wiped them away. The politician laughed like crazy people. I had to go to an address in Chicago. 330 something north side. A strange cab stopped. There are not yellow cabs in Chicago. I was working on something and when I looked up we were on the inter-state--an abandoned parking lot outside the south side of Chicago. The cab stopped there. I had been putting make-up on in the car. Now he was going to rape me and kill me and I knew this. When we passed a sign that said "69th St. South, I tried to jump out of the car. He locked the doors. I honked on the horn--reaching over and fighting and hoping another car would help. College kids packed in a car looked and sped away laughing. I started praying out loud and saying Bible verses, because I'd heard this sometimes diverted killers. Some of the words I got wrong. So I knew he'd know I wasn't really a dedicated Christian. A girl called Rudy from Chicago. He remembered 2 cab services that he suggested she try. Metro Cab and Mary Alice C