I had a job working at a restaurant. There were 3 of us. It was getting to be summer time so we had to crank up the ice cream machine. It was a big machine with gears to make it run. You had to pull out the trays, fill them with dirt and plant little seeds inside. The growing plants would give the ice cream machine power to run. There was a box of chemicals I wasn't sure if it was fertilizer or poison. The guy told me to shovel it into the trash can and it would disintegrate the trash. The customers had finished dinner and ordered ice cream. They told me what they wanted. I couldn't remember. We didn't have that many flavors anyway. Then you had to fill a paper cup to put in the metal slot and it worked like a water wheel or windmill. When one was frozen you had to take it out and fill the spot to keep the balance. Then the shift was over we had to do prep work for the next day. Since it was ice cream season, the snakes were sleeping. Hibernating in a box. A bunch of them all in the box together. A lump of snakes. Still and breathing just barely. We had to pick out a mat to frame a picture of flowers. They were saying "Match the art? Match the art and I believed in only matting in black or white but I didn't want to jump in because they were so frantic. I watched an old back and white TV show. We were on the way to dinner. W had been on a ship traveling. Rudy was on the upper deck. There were some dolphins swimming right next to the ship. Jumping in a circle--one after another, like a backwards water wheel. Then I called Rudy to look at the dolphins. He didn't hear me so the dolphins jumped onto the boat and turned into penguins. They tried to go up the ladder to see Rudy, but they couldn't maneuver the rungs with their flippers. They were trying. We were walking with the picture framed. A lady was taking apart the frame and mat and art and back all to be carried separately- "What are you doing?" I yelled and I put the frame back together. Jasmine was now disappointed in the green-beige mat and went to paint it white. I was learning to skateboard. While I was waiting I learned skateboard tricks. Doing OK too. The older man was trying to set himself up with me--pair off, but I just concentrated more on skateboard and playing Evelyn's guitar. Dora was going to get a haircut. To the place she always went. Since we were still on Mott St. I decided to go to Wendy's and get a salad. The college girls working there wore bathing suit tops. They had all been laying out topless and their breasts were very sunburned. They took off their tops at the counter. I asked for a salad and the girl was not paying attention and she put it in a paper soda cup. I asked for a glass of water and it tasted like toothpaste and I asked for another cup. A teeny baby toothbrush was attached to the lid of the cup.