We were having class. I had showed some of my dream drawings and sat back down. A girl in front of me, who would not turn around to face me when talking to me said, "These schizophrenics get so obsessed about their projects." A girl in class who was absent, recovering from her schizophrenia. I wanted to tell her it was big art, not schizophrenia, but I didn't say anything. Aram liked my project. We had a break from class and I went and put on some huge white socks with fuzzy green stripes. The socks were the size of snow boots. I had a pale green cotton warm-up jacket too, with a hood. I figured if it was too warm, I could fold up the jacket and use it for a pillow. I went to the bathroom and a girl was in another stall. I thought the seats were too high, but she said they were just how she liked them. I fell to sleep sitting on the toilet. I woke up and the girl was gone. I was late for class. I went to get a soda and rushed to class where they were all watching "The Ten Commandments" with Eileen on a black and white static-ky TV in a garage. My father was moving from the Franks house. I took a shower. The tub overflowed. The shower stall overflowed. The sink overflowed. There was lots to pack. Jessica and another girl kept hanging around, asking for candy. They said they knew it was there from last year's Valentines. I told them I didn't have time to look for it. They found it under the sink. It was all stuck together. Jelly and candy apples and red-hots They were happy. The were going to shave a dog under the house. They were euthanizing a dog who'd lived there a long time and I didn't want to leave. Dora was sitting with the dog. The dog's puppy was playing and didn't have any idea what was going on. Water had flowed over everything so it was hard to pack. Nick was cutting things out and working very hard on a little art project. my father packed up the 18-wheeler and Aunt Linda, Uncle Bob and family, My mother and me got in the truck. Going down a big hill, my father picked up speed to make it up the other side. Just when we started going up the hill on the other side, Aunt Linda said they had to get right out, because Uncle Bob had spilled his soda and because he was diabetic, he would lose all his energy. I thought this was selfish of them, as we would not be able to make it up the other side. My mother's lower eyelid was stuck in the steering wheel. It was pulled out 3 or 4 inches away from her face. The steering wheel was pinching her eyelid, stretching it out. I knew it must be very, very painful, but she sat without showing any expression. "You know I don't have any lower eyelids." She said when she finally got her eye pulled out of the steering wheel. It looked painful. Back at the house I was packing up the last stuff. Nick had worked all night on an art project to give to Raymond as a present. He had covered a piece of my paper with pale green paint and written a note to me asking me to give the project to Raymond. I told him (Nick) (that) I didn't want to give anything to Raymond. He said that Raymond had a bigger name than me, I told him that was not true and my name would be big, and I rubbed the note out. I told him I was an artist, and he said Raymond was the closest thing to an artist he knew and that made me mad. I was ranting and raving. He had worked all night. I said, "He wasted a whole night on a no-good artist and you didn't even see my work spread out in front of him there." I had gone home. When I got there I sat down to play the piano. The Halloween and Christmas music got mixed up with classical and the notes were mixed up. I was trying to play it anyway. Dora came in and wanted to play and I told her I'd just sat down, to let me finish first. But then Dora was gone and the lady from the library was trying to take my picture and I was crying so I asked her not to and she said, "Why?" And I said, "Isn't it enough reason to stop because I don't wish to have my picture taken right now?" People were donating parts of their bodies to bring Dora back. A black man showed me his certificate that he had donated his skin. I hugged him from the piano bench. When Dora came back she didn't look the same. Her skin was drawn too tight over her mouth, nose and eyes, so it looked like she was always screaming. The TV news did a special and made Dora look awful. They accused her of being on drugs because she had to wear 3 different pairs of glasses to see the world how it was--one pair of bifocals over her chin. She rolled her eyes and lifted her head and they showed that close-up and over and over in slow motion. It was a football game promotion and I was ready to kill that camera news lady Betty.