I was at a funeral reception. Fancy food was there and people from my home town. 4 high school-age girls inside there said it all made her so nervous she had to go to the studio and do her carpentry project for 2 whole days. She drew/painted rows of little animals on long boards-they looked like paint blotches till she cut them out and pieced them together. They were beautiful. I went outside to have a cigarette and walked over slushy snow pile ups on the side of the road. We opened the door and there was snow/ice all in the car and around the driver. We asked him for a cigarette and he gave us one and he asked us to come on--he had to get the car started. He had been sleeping there. I held the back door opened and pushed. I was not going to ride in the car. He said he was going to Nice. (France) Dora had lived there, so I wanted to go see. Back at the house ??? Inverted bell-shaped glasses could fit inside each other. The answering machine tape had been pulled out and was tangled up and old. It was pointless to try. A guy had a boyfriend cat for little kitty. He was a huge. He wanted kitty in a sexual way. She got scared and ran away. I had been watching ??? There were 2 middle-Eastern boys sharing a hotel room. They lived there. I didn't want to because I knew they were after me I don't know why. I was suppose to take a cat to the airport. A girl and her dog and her friend who was a boy ???. Jasmine's sister, in her bedroom, was little medium size cage of drawers that was gold-ish yellow. I said it's so beautiful, you think you're seeing a cat. We all agreed. By now the Eastern guys had woke up and found me waiting. One of them had left a pair of pants, a shirt, and 2 jackets in a fold out satchel. I thought I'd take them to him. I talked to a lady who was very interested in the arts. She was a healthy, strappy woman, and wore a blouse unbuttoned enough to show the swell of her breasts. They were beautiful. She asked me what I had been doing. I told her I'd been posing naked for artists. She asked me which ones and we talked about Raymond Kushner. I found a little girls sandal. It was after a yoga class. Women were talking in the locker room of how they felt good about their bodies. I found the sandal on the square wooden porch with a roof. I picked up the sandal. I wished it would fit me. There were words written into the leather. The brown beads were wooden. I had to go work at the county fair, stacking trays of food. My mother was after us 'cause we were late. It was the "famine-feast" at the fair and there was a huge feast. There was a black boy who was looking very sexy. I had to keep putting more trains in the stack.