There were backwards earthquakes. Spots--way under the earth would lose their gravity for a moment and huge boulders flew up out of lakes and oceans. One flew up out of Greenwood Lake and landed right on top of Sotheby's. To try to prevent this in the future Sotheby's was getting a surveillance camera to photograph their places once every hour. I was in the army. There had been a huge flood. Disease was rampant because of the heat. We hiked, looking for damage of the flood and possible survivors. The flood happened because of the drought, the water couldn't seep into the ground. After the flood there was a fire. I went to a group of psychiatrists' offices. I had been there before. Behind the reception office was a door. Behind there was a long hallway and then it went in a big, big square, the hallway. I started walking around the hallway square counter-clockwise. I looked for a door that I had been to before. Some of the office doors were open. All the psychiatrists were men but not the psychiatrist I was looking for. There was a rack of round shirt collars, cut off from the shirts. They said, "20's, 30's, 40's, 50's, 60's, 70's. You could buy a t-shirt collar to state your age group. It hadn't gone over as good as they'd hoped. At sunrise I walked down a road where the water was. Fog was rising over the water. When I was walking Dora appeared and I wanted to hug her, but my arms were full but by the time I emptied them, she was gone. "It's like this every morning," I said. As I was leaving the psychiatrists office, walking the last half of the inner square, the heavy cloth pillow case filled with onions broke and landed on a pile of harvest display nuts the secretaries were getting ready. They could keep them in the display with the various nuts and squash and gourds, but I wasn't sure if the pilgrims had onions . In a Volkswagen bug the engine and seats had been taken out. I was at a residence beach where there were private schools only. ??? ??? I went up to the top of a very steep mountain. At the very top was sand remains of an ancient village. The sand was beautiful colors and was moving slightly. There were volcanic geysers barely active there. I knew to walk on the edge because the sand could shift and give way and swallow you. Around the top I dug a trench in the sand wall to watch the sand slide down. I tunneled a little gap in the sand wall, but there was enough of a ledge to walk around barely. There was a shelf of damp sand around the edge that would not give way. A girl was looking for the laundry room of the mountain. Stairs were built into the mountain, a stairwell tunneled into the dirt. The natives inhabited the mountain. The holy chief of the natives was very, very dark. He had a headdress of white feathers around his head in a circle. He was very wise. His body was concise. The most valued possession of the natives was a pick-up truck, but the chief was the only one who knew how to drive it. It was old, black and smaller than the average pick-up truck. Me and a guy got in the pick-up truck with the chief. The sun was starting to go down. It got very cold on the mountain top when the sun set. The guy asked the chief if he could borrow a jacket, and the chief gave him a beat up umbrella. All bent up and ripped, but you could tell it was a generous gesture, and hard to part with. About half way down the mountain, I got out of the pick-up truck, because I wanted to see the stairs inside the mountain. They were circular stairs, and there was only about 2 feet space between the floor and the ceiling. Since the handrail was circular, I slid down it and ended up in a swimming pool. I wanted to cut my hair one inch long. I had been waiting for her. Waiting for Dora. People were either working overtime or going to lunch. I couldn't concentrate on anything else because I was waiting for Dora. She was getting a salad. I knew this. We were meeting my father at the city Park to play tennis. I got there and saw the bus. The courts were full so we went fishing. my father caught a big one and the kitty was walking right in the water, looking for fish. She did not mind getting wet at all.