There was an office building. Very tall--over 25 stories. Hannah high school played their home games there. On 46 St. was another office building. Irmo high played their home games. I was roller skating home and went to cash a check. The girl at the window needed quarters so I was giving her 8 for $2--but instead she gave me 10 tokens back. The tokens were the kind of coins like Underdog bit. They were soft and hard--soggy dried crumbs--like wet, dried cardboard that was dried in particles. Slightly damp. They would not go in any turnstile. I was at a McDonalds to get a soda. One girl in line there was very sunburned in the middle of winter. Another girl was there with one normal leg and one real skinny leg. She was wearing shorts. When I went out, a group was doing an escape from McDonalds. They had been working and living at McDonalds. A black woman, a white man, and his 2 little boys. The woman was sad to leave McDonalds but she knew it was what she had to do. The little boys came out carrying duffel bags. On each end was an insulated Dominoes delivery box--insulated. They were packed and ready to go--waiting outside in front of McDonalds for the right opportunity to escape. They had a plan. First they would act like they were getting in a car. Then they would get out and get in another van. The man would walk and run, and I would skate. Odds were, some of us would make it. We figured it out scientifically, with a chart on the temperature butter fat disintegrated. I stopped and got 3 cans of soda. I was eating a banana. All mushed up. The kitty licked some chewed up banana out of my mouth. At first I thought she liked it, but she didn't. I was practicing piano and when I got up to go to the bathroom an older lady took over and was playing dance hall music. I went to iron some clothes and I wasn't wearing any clothes. Water was leaking from a big tub and dripping down the ironing board to the floor. I had been ironing naked. When Jay Mills came in I said, "I guess I should at least put on a towel." He said, "I guess." In the back room, inside 2 cans of bright colored near fluorescent paint--one pink, one green, Jack had hidden 20 pills. They would calm you down. I didn't want them really. He thought I still needed them. A woman asked me if she could have 2 pills and a Rolling Rock. I told her I'd go somewhere and get it for her--I wasn't sure--since it was late and all the stores in Tribeca were closed. A young girl looked over her shoulder--waiting to see if the older man she thought she loved was coming down the street.