I was in another time. The land was rolling hills. Sort of like an 1800's ranch or pasturelands. The work day had ended and the cowboy came back to his one room wood shack with a little second story like a loft in a barn. A hay loft. He slept up there. This time a girl was with him. While they were digging she had on work pants, blue jeans, and when it was time for bed he told her either she could have the little shack barn next to his or she could sleep with him. The girl had never married. She looked up at the place that would be hers. ??? I would sleep out in the open by myself. I knew Rudy was going to come soon. I decided to try to cook something with what was at hand. A big hunk of pork, zucchini and milk in a brown-in-bag. There was no room for a lid on the pork and it was bubbling up everywhere. I found a smaller lid to put on the pot and turned it off. It would keep cooking. We had a town meeting concerning Dora's death. The man who killed Dora and his family were speaking. A postcard had come from Europe. A lady on the ??? wrote on the postcard she was trying to lose weight because she could only see 16 of her toes and not all 20 of them when she looked down. Near the cash register, I had snot on my hand and I slung it off on the man's back who killed Dora. Then I ran. And jumped into a bush till he went away. He went up to speak on stage. I came in. His wife was there with the slide projector and I couldn't help but make snide remarks in response to what he was saying. He said, "We all loved Dora." I said, "YOU DIDN'T EVEN KNOW HER!" I was mad. I got out my camera to shoot pictures of him while he was talking. I really wanted to shoot him with a gun. I knew the camera would make him nervous because he was lying already. His foot was tapping nervously. So I took a close-up of that. Then I got in tight on his face and he sweated. The film would not advance. I'd made him so nervous with the camera that he'd forget what he was saying. I announced to the crowd that I didn't have any film in my camera anyway. I said, "Dora was a little girl too." The lady removed the picture. She had been projecting slides of their children, and mumbling, mumbling. I climbed over to huge steep hill and slid down the moss. Deep in the caves were little leprechauns. The colors were green, purple and orange. Rudy had come over for supper. He had come on an underwater jet that swam like a dolphin playing. It was the newest of planes. There was a home-furnishings and art store I'd been in. I went in again and looked at the art painted on the walls with distance. A hooker followed me and on purpose hugged me, but I paid no attention. Maybe she thought I was cold. Aunt Linda had drove us onto the wrong road. The man who killed Dora asked me, "Are you a leader?" "Are you a leader?" because my house was up there. I did not answer him. U.S. Army reserve.