There was a special meal catered by a Chinese staff in the Bobo Chapel. There was a choice of 2 things. I didn't know what they were. I wanted a soda. I asked for the whole can but she said no, so I went up to the refrigerator and got one myself. John Harrelson was at the table and he said he'd met a boy, 30 years old who was cross country skiing 12 miles to come see him. Across from me were 3 gay guys and 2 sharing one fold-up metal chair. Then I saw the boy in question riding down a huge steep hill on a dirt bike with dust flying behind him. We were on a train. There were 5 extra stops on the line to transfer from. On the 5th stop was a ladder of metal rungs going up a huge cave wall to transfer to another line. When I transferred there a time before, I hadn't seen the ladder and had climbed up a tree limb through a window. A park bench was in our front yard and 2 guys were sitting there drinking water. Ackerman and another guy. They were talking about tennis courts. The other guy said he would never make kids learn to play tennis because the sun would get in their eyes. I said you should learn to be able to play no matter where the sun is. They filled up their plastic water cups with the spray nozzle on the hose pipe I'd turned on the night before. My mother came and yelled at me about the wasted water. I got defensive and said Ackerman was drinking water too. She said she was gonna squirt water under the skin on the back of my arms and I'd have cancer if I didn't make an appointment like she said. I was trying on some blue jeans that had tiny, tiny patches of cloth the size of snake scales sewed on in a vertical pattern, ringing in very muted colors of greens, blues and purples. Like Joseph's coat of many colors. I didn't know if I loved the pants or just wanted plain Levi's. Aunt Linda said, "If you keep running your butt will get smaller. You will look good and the town people will talk nice." There was a huge, huge pencil drawing--too dark--on the table in the basement of the church. It was huge overall but each individual section was the size of a fish scale. The drawing was underneath, but smudged over and I had to carefully blot it with an eraser to reveal a big, huge delicate drawing of Dora's face. On a tiny coin was a cartoon face I'd drawn of Dora as a little girl in first grade. I had drawn her hair very black.