I was sitting in a group. We were discussing crime writers. The teacher gave examples. Corinne was sitting there asleep. I wanted to tell someone about Corinne's writing and introduce them, but she was sleeping. I threw my blue pencil at her shoulder to wake her up. But the pencil missed her arm and almost shot her in the eye. She got out the blue pencil point and went back to sleep. She was a sleepy crime writer. The study session was almost over. I decided to leave just before the end. I left through the basement of the church. There was a maze of rooms. For the first few days I stopped at the beach ??? but I forgot my jacket. Home was in the church office. I kept looking. She had a pencil sharpener in her office. I saw her pencil, my pencil, she pencil, ??? office, with the blinds drawn. He was afraid to leave the church. A maze. Stones to write about the house. Down a hall way I was asking her, I had to get clothes ??? piled up old clothes. The preacher's son was Phil and he uttered an off-hand remark about me skipping church with my camera. Counter point. I got lost and tried. ??? or just as ??? I ran. There was a sauna for a few minutes on the way. I went in--it was a place to think. But I saw the urinals and realized I had accidentally gone in the men's sauna. I ran out. My project was a trampoline. I jumped in the shower, not haven taken a bath for a week. Christian applauded me. Keith sat behind the blinds there scared to talk. I nearly bumped right into Stephen. He screamed a notifying full of anger. I was terrified. I ran. I hoped to escape. I was in a movie theatre. Names and ratings of films flashed across the screen. I did not see any things I wanted to see. Me and Chuck were sitting in a car that wasn't moving. We were planning a trip. I was bringing up other people who might want to see Chuck, but he wanted just to go on the trip, me and him. A woman held up a doll to the window. I took a picture of the doll's face. Her face stayed the same. ??? When we were driving a guy tried to open the door from the outside. "You can tell he's never experienced death," I said. He doesn't take it seriously. Me and Chuck were so comfortable in the front seat with each other. All stretched out and touching, right up against each other, not sexual. We drove past Miss Flora's house. It had been torn down. Trees had been uprooted. The swimming pool was still there. Chuck said, "Betty, you're as relaxed as a boy with the whole day in front of him." I was leaning against his chest. We pulled into a family campground. Cars with trailers pulled behind them were lined up at the exit. A patrol man was talking on a walkie talkie about the leads. One driver, he said, only had $20--taped to the inside of a tire to get home on. But the car was dependable, he said. A guy was sitting in the car with his girl friend and the patrolman went to ask him to roll down the window. It was major league baseball autograph week. It was Derrick Jeter, also called Black Jack Mulligan, in the car. The patrolman went to the window to ask for an autograph. "You're Derrick Jeter, some call you Black Jack Mulligan," he said. They had to go to the bathroom. He was changing clothes inside the car with his girlfriend. I caught a ride back to the campground with a man and his wife, and wanted to go to the bath house to go to the bathroom. I pulled up young bamboo shoots and planted them so they'd grow into trees around the new lake. To make it look more natural. Derick and his girlfriend were trying to think of the right thing to say to each other. They were in the lobby. They were asking if I was gonna eat there at the diner. The girl and Derrick were trying to say the right thing to seduce each other. A waiter brought a dish--3 fried eggs and toast, called, "3 eggs on the run." The girl I didn't know, she said, "I always try to join in on today." I said, "What day is it?" and she said, "It's Thanksgiving. Identical plates were helped and a table stood, full of them. From memory: Dora was sick. Very sick. She couldn't speak or move. I picked her up and carried her to the airplane. There was only one seat available on the airplane. I put Dora on the plane, because she had to go to the other place to get better. Then I tried to get on the next plane. Stewardesses were in the restaurant of the airport, because the next flights had been canceled. I waited. A stewardess was complaining about having to serve 7 kinds of salad dressings in first class. In coach she only had to serve 3 kinds. I finally got on one plane and transferred planes and got back to Dora. I carried her and laid her down gently on the ground. I sat next to her. Ackerman had been watching us from a parked car for 8 hours. I didn't know if he had been taking pictures, and I didn't care. I had collected 2 kinds of balloons for Rudy. Shiny mylar balloons and regular ones. Only one red shiny balloon was left. Nanny didn't want Rudy to have the balloons, but I went around on the merry-go-round and kept them there, tied to a tree.