I was in a swimming pool. Swimming around. my father was in the pool at first. Far away I lost sight of him. I looked around and across to find him, assuming he'd gotten out of the water 'cause he didn't like swimming so much. Outside the water I went to the church playground. The camera was suspended on arms and rotating as they revolved. I was on a drive. A silver stand-on wagon. There were so many ???. Then a gyroscope type of camera. It was treacherous. Every time it came around it--it nearly chopped your head off. It was world windows II. A church game and learning test typed label with a typed 2 under a handwritten 1 and 3. I made a phone call. A famous film was nowhere ???. He was here--there--just a message from him. I was ice skating in a big lake near a shack on a pier. The owner had spray painted "CAN LIVE IN," on it. I skated around in circles. I had moved to Florida. There were pictures in the paper of house boats for rent. One picture had a picture of the house that was painted with: "CAN LIVE IN" Another newspaper article said this apartment building was not gonna kick out ladies for questionable characters. I was lying in the bed. Sidney came in with some groceries. I was in a boat. A huge boat. There was a water test. From the deck high overhead I watched a guy do the test--gather all the inner tubes and tie them together after they tossed them out en mass from a speed boat. It looked easy, but then it was my turn and I learned just how hard it was. I was treading water in the ocean. First they tossed out a herd of pigs. Pigs were swimming. One pig's curly tail was just above the surface of the dark water. I thought, "Oh, great, the sharks will love this. They probably never had pork before." I waited to fell sharks at my feet. Finally they tossed about 30 inner tubes in the water. They were bigger and clumsier up close than they'd looked from the huge ship deck. I slowly commenced gathering them on a string together. Waves were lapping and rolling and cuts were leaking air out of the inner tubes. In the building the mayor was coming. There were lists--lots of lists. A list in 15 minute intervals with room numbers and allotted times. I could not find my room. I forgot my ticket. Inside the front door handle was a huge stack of bills--mostly ones but I saw a ten too. They were behind the handle. People's money to get back in.