I had an i.d. card with a picture of me and kitty together on it. It was also a pack of 10 MTA cards. Orange. Expired on April first 2001. I had a pack of 10 of these. Laminated in plastic. They were orange. I went through the turnstile. Tom Brandon was visiting. He wanted to see Tommy Sublet too. He had a bottle of blue pills--some broken in half. There had been 30. Now there were 20. He was passed out. I was afraid he was gonna die. So I started counting to see how many pills he took. I picked up the phone to make a phone call. It was Tommy Sublet talking. I was in a grocery store. Lisa could not understand the difference between Coke and Diet Coke. It was on sale for 99 cents. Limit 6. My shopping cart was full. I was waiting for Eileen. Finally Gail said Eileen took off a day from working to have an affair yesterday and she was in the hospital over-tired today. Gail and Helen started making rules about the class--splitting it up into 2 groups. Smoking section and non-smoking section. Those who wanted to discuss art, certain pictures for each half. Gail rolled out a huge paper reproduction of a wall-sized mural of Mary and Jesus. Jesus was a little baby. It was on cheap paper like a kid's birthday decorations. Class was no fun without Eileen there, so I wandered off. I walked past a fancy doorman building. Sand covered the concrete sidewalk in front--under the awning. I noticed an army man in the sand. I picked it up. I kept finding more of them. Larger than usual. I found one with a guy shooting a bazooka. Just then a beautiful little 3-4 year old boy came out of the building. They were his army men. We played together in the sand. I used a moving toothbrush and a 12 inch high skeleton with hinges to be alien monsters to attack the army men. I touched the top of his head when we finished. Rudy had gotten a tattoo exactly the shape and size of a banana sticker in the center of his chest. It said, in tiny letters: "LISA ADOXXXXXX IN CORPURITUS" He didn't know how to spell Lisa's last name, so he just had tiny but fuzzy blurry spots put on.