I was visiting my father. He was living at a trailer at the lake. His dog had run away. The lake was beginning to overflow. It had started raining. It was not raining that hard but it had already flooded. my father's dog had run off. Another dog that looked like him was chained to a tree. I went to pet him--it was not my father's dog. There was one more night of flooding to come. Britta and 2 other women had come to talk about Dora. We were walking across the field. I realized I was not wearing clothes. "I'm butt naked," I said. There was a very little boy with a very high IQ. They were studying him and comparing him to video tapes of a little girl with a high IQ. She was born in 1956. Her IQ was 202. His was 206. They had videotapes of her smoking a cigarette at the breakfast table as a little girl--4 or 5 years old. She was trying to smoke left handed and it felt clumsy to her. The little boy with 206 IQ. tried this and he smoked effortlessly with his left hand. When they questioned him about this, he said, "I'm left handed." They asked both of them how long they figured it would take them to read Beethoven's lifetime of compositions, read through as in play once, including each symphony part. The high IQ kids both agreed it would take about 6 months. They did a retina scan on each of them. A girl was taking photographs of Rudy swimming. On the front porch a drunk lady was holding onto the column. Another lady was trying to find her pink raincoat in a pile of clothes in the front yard. We were sitting at a diner table. 2 sisters--one lady wanted to get drunk. The other lady had left her 2 year old daughter when her sponsor had come onto her from AA. She was recovered now. It was the day she'd meet her daughter. The other no-good but trying sister was rubbing wood shavings from her forehead with a butter knife. Her head was wood inside. A guy across the table was doing tricks with quarters. The man brought the little girl. I watched the little girls hands. I watched the beautiful light and shadows in her hands as the sun caught them as she reached to grab her mother's arms. I kept the pictures in my head because I didn't have a camera.