My father had been living at the Franks house. He'd been sick, he said. His feet were taped up. The Franks' side yard was covered with ivy through thin woods down to the road. Part of the area was for derelicts. When you passed a certain point to become useful to society a man gave you 5 dollars to proceed up the steps and think before continuing. Me and Tommy got $5 and went to think separately until we moved on. Dan visited my father and told him some crazy reason his feet were sick. my father told Dan it looked like the wind would blow him away. I was in a truck. A girl on a bicycle, not looking in the direction she was going (her head turned backwards) and rode right into the truck, but my father stopped in the nick of time. I was frantic. "Look where you're going," I yelled. Another guy was riding a bike. I yelled, "Hey John," but his name was some other name starting with J. I was at a grand opening and a big mansion. I was sitting on the floor. When I got up to leave I looked in the fridge for a soda. There were 2 cans, but I decided not to take one, because they belonged to somebody else. I didn't know who. When I got up I could see that there had been 2 people, sitting on a couch behind the column watching me. They were watching TV too. I had turned the TV off and turned it back on. A girl came to talk to me. I thought at first she was the younger sister. I told her this. She was happy she appeared younger. But by now her face was much older. She suddenly got tired. She showed me a big swollen scar on her left temple. Hair wouldn't grow over the scar, so she had an odd asymmetrical hairstyle. I was in class. I thought I recognized a guy from last semester, but it wasn't him. Because the girls were clustered on the left side of the room, and the boys on the right, they asked me to move my seat over to the boys side. So I did. When I left class I was roller skating down a wall. A guy was making me take my skates off, put high heel shoes on and jump down. I told him it would be much easier to jump down in my socks--a waste of time to put on shoes and take them off. We were in a hurry. We stopped at a rest area to go to the bathroom. The place was crawling with transvestite teen hookers of both sexes. I went to the ladies bathroom. The line was so long I went in the woods. Because of all the hookers, I told the European girl there was no need to use a rubber to just go to the bathroom--she screamed at me-- "Don't tell me how to go to the bathroom--I'll decide that for myself." I walked away. The teen hookers were strolling or sitting on the curb with hip bones showing over low-slung skirts. They sauntered languidly. One was sitting on the curb playing with his little puppy. It was weird to see that thin young boy--all elbows and knees, with a skirt and a bra and all that make-up playing so gently--just a young boy with a puppy.