I was at a high school football game. It was night. Just before the game was over I got up and left. I did not know the score or even who was playing. I was suppose to go to my high school reunion, but when I walked down through the gate I decided to go play the piano instead. It was 11:00 p.m. I had played the first 2 pages of a Chopin Nocturne (in E flat) when Andrew came bustin' in that I woke him up and he was gonna write a complaint to the landlord. He said instead of me playing could we go look at my art upstairs. I said, "Can I at least play the last page and then play the whole song once more?" He said he would call the police. And could we go look at my art work or watch the TV. Then I said, "NO. Because you're being a JERK. I thought you were a nice guy but I wouldn't even want your eyes looking at my art." He said, "Well can we watch TV?" And I pulled all the electric cords out of the power strip at once--a fist full of electric cords. It was getting late. At 4 a.m. Evelyn came over and asked me to go to watch the Butterflies of Love video shoot. They were shooting at a bar on 13 St. Between 1st and A. I said, "Are they about to start?" and Evelyn said, "About 6 or 6:30 a.m. they'll start shooting." I said, "Evelyn, that's so late (early?) and I'm so sleepy." But I decided finally I would go meet Evelyn. I walked into the bar. There were many rooms and hallways. I went into one and it was a huge dark church--very dark, with velvet movie seats--dark, dark blue. Evelyn was wearing a dress like a little girl and had to go accept her certificate at the front. After Evelyn got her certificate I had to go home and boil some water before I met them. It was getting later. When I met them and it was a dark big room. Cameras were rolling out. Film cameras. I didn't see them, but I heard my name. They were at a table. William, Evelyn, Ackerman, a guy I didn't know and a girl there with Evelyn. Evelyn was entering a boxcar derby and talk at the table was getting serious. What could she build a car with? She didn't have much money. "A shopping cart!" I said. Evelyn wasn't sure she could win the box car derby in a shopping cart but then I started breaking off the legs and bending the parts to show how it could work. Everyone thought it had a good chance. Ackerman was happy that I broke and bent the legs of the shopping cart. He said he really admired the way I did that. I was filled with new confidence. I said, " Evelyn, it's getting late," and Evelyn said, "We need you for a party scene," and then it started. They were using a quarter horse in the shoot. He was buckskin colored and beautiful. They needed me to walk the horse down a long, long pier through woods with sand. The horse was tied with a long long strip of ripped canvas (like to paint on) about 9 inches wide and 100 feet long. I knotted it around my hand. I was talking to the horse. We got along just fine. I tried to tie the canvas around my waist--so not to lose him, but his lead was getting too long. We came to a swimming pool with steps. The horse wanted to go for a swim, so I led him in the water. William said, "Merri--you and that horse are gonna be seeing a lot of each other!" I was glad. I liked the horse. It was time for William to start singing. Their back ground dancers were warming up--gyrating madly. Girls of all races with proud belly buttons and long skirts. Hair pulled back from the face. I still had the horse. I walked back and forth on the long pier board walk to the shoot. I lost my balance and fell into a shallow-ish end of the lake. I could see the bottom covered with small dead fish--gold fish size. I didn't want to step on the dead fish. William said, "Merri, don't be playing in the water with the dead fish. We're about to start shooting. Come on to the set." I went, but I was all wet, having swum above the dead fish without stepping on them.