There were plans for a new building. I wasn't sure if it was new plans for the old building or new plans for a new building like the new building. There were elevators. I saw Theo. She was very happy. She was getting an electric keyboard. The building plan drawings had a drug treatment program located off to the side within the same building. "Drug Treatment Unit" was in lettering across the side. In the drawing a man leaned over petting a little dog. A notice was posted that doors would be fixed on Tuesdays and Wednesdays, if anyone knew of a broken door, or if anyone just wanted one propped open--guards would move huge planters with plants (tree plants) to hold the doors open on Tuesdays and Wednesdays. Andrea White had been cooking for 800 people. It was a big event for the building with dignitaries. Oprah Winfrey had on a guest who made a quilt out of dough. It was called "Baby" because she worked on it the whole time she was pregnant. It was ivory and navy, with patterns sort of like bandanas. Then it would turn to a natural (neutral) color. It was patterns. In the ink, on the dough, were the daily notes the man had written to his wife while she was pregnant with their baby. There was a meeting in the auditorium. She (Andrea) had cooked a native Mexican dish. Oprah tasted it and screamed. It was hot. She kept fanning her mouth and exclaiming. She had very long fake acrylic nails. I saw the quilt. I did not think it would be very warm and comfortable--old dough. I wanted to make my own quilt. I had seen bad art--terrible art and was determined to do something that mattered--took a year. Dora loved my quilt idea. The paintings I saw made me mad--terrible--a man dressed as both groom and bride, on the floor wrestling with himself. It was a bad painting of a good idea. The paintings were done by the people from the drug treatment unit. A man was feeling power over others. He had been intimidated too long. He was mean to a lady who didn't have any teeth. She cowered, but laughed contagiously. She had no money. Another guy was leaning--he tossed a drain into an empty grocery bag in a fire place--a quilted and non-working gold house. I had to do my taxes. I sensed calm. The man from Tibet's alps.