I went with Ann Applegate to be a hotel maid. There were charts that told you what stuff to touch and whose not to touch. We were working on the 10th floor. Sometimes we worked in the type shop too. There were more than enough maids to do the work. In the hotel room were 10 guest beds. They were not all from the same family. These were the cheap rates. It was still daylight. My mother was in bed--waiting for sleep to come. Rudy was in another bed. He was cold. I tried to pull the window shut and close the many layers of blinds to block the wind, the cold air, and the light--so he could go to sleep. He said, "That's better," and drifted off to sleep. I had made up a bed the chart said did not have to be made. I had lifted a glass shelf and brushed away crumbs and debris--the chart said this did not have to be done either, but I could see all the specs under the glass and it bothered me. "What are those?" I asked Ann, holding up stretched-out weighted foam sort of mittens without thumbs. "Don't you like your toast hot?" Ann said. "Yes," I said. "Then you should know--they're toast mittens. They keep your toast warm." I had worked 2 hours and not done much. There were so many hotel maids this didn't matter. ??? maid. He was dead. Ann and I had been pilfering loose objects--we had a bunch of useless stuff. Corinne was cleaning a room for Captain Kirk. He was staying in room 1134, but I had trouble remembering it. I had put hospital scrubs in my bag and other stuff. It was too much to carry. I was weighted down clumsy. I was trying to find a freight elevator, but I could not remember the way. I couldn't find it. I had forgotten. I found the exclusive hotel sauna club. But I could not find the exit. I knew there was a freight elevator. Finally and share a beer together. By this time I had given Corinne the motel key. Corinne and Captain Kirk. They were going to be happy. But when I visited his room again across the hall there was too much to carry. Plexi-glass from ??? A guy with rape eyes offered to help me carry my stuff from 10th to 11th floor on the steps. We were on a fire escape. I shut the door. I told him I'd carry it myself. There was plexi-glass left from years ago. We just had to revitalize it for art. Ann Applegate wanted to shop for bras. Ruffles--sleek like roses--smooth crimson bra with swirly cone breasts.