I was going on an all-night bus trip to the beach as part of a group. We had a package deal. A whole hotel was rented to us and there was lots of waiting. The bus trip was long. Part of it I walked. Part I rode a bicycle. I had a mixed tape for us to listen to and a whole raw chicken to cook at a barbeque. I rode my bicycle carrying the raw chicken from the handlebars in a plastic bag. A man who cheated on his insurance was in a side car next to the cab of the 18-wheeler. He lied about everything. When we got to the hotel, the signs and carpet were green. First we sat in a huge auditorium, then went to our rooms. My room I shared with Elena Allen. She was sleeping. I went to wake her and point out the rainbow but I went to the next room and told the Asian girls I didn't know. They didn't understand English. When I went back to tell Elena I accidentally ran into her head. When I told her she didn't care about any rainbow--she went back to sleep. Day and night were all messed up. I left to check something at the desk and realized I did not know what room I was in. They gave me a chart to look at listing the girls' favorite make-up colors next to their names. I thought maybe I was on 7th floor or 11. I went to the asphalt playground. 4 butch girls with hockey sticks were playing hockey. Boys marched up a hill solemnly to play football. I walked over to tennis courts. They were just putting up the nets and hadn't spread clay onto the courts or put the lines down. They had learning rackets of Prince aluminum. The handles flew apart when you squeezed in. I told them I couldn't play with a racket like that, much less a beginner. They said they didn't know if the courts would be ready in a month's time. I went back to the room. An extra bed had been put there. A stranger's. They had put in a bed much bigger than the tiny ones for me and for Elena. I went to the beach. The day had disappeared. It was now 4 p.m. Young Asians, some with bleached blonde/yellow-ish hair were walking on the beach. An Asian girl and boy--both with bleached blonde hair were holding hands singling Olivia Newton-John songs. They could sing good--especially the girl.