Jasmine was running a photo group. There was a large group of kids. Mostly college age. We would go back and forth from my father's station to shoot. There were aluminum lounge chairs. There were pedestals. We would shoot and go back to the restaurant to work out our shifts. We could leave from the station. We were on my father's boat. Another boat was tied to it. We would drive back to the station in the boat. When I was driving I couldn't see. I was going fast. And suddenly lights appeared from the boat and I saw a traffic island with parked cars and trees in the middles of the lake. I went up in the air and ran into a tree house. There were kittens there. Little kittens. Just learning to walk. They lived on the second boat but when it filled with water they came to the main boat. We were taking pictures. A guy from the photo group, as we were going in a line around in circles, touched my neck gently and breathed on it. It sent shivers up my spine. He said, "Should we go back to my room to sleep?" and I said, "My neck is just very ticklish." Another guy went to make a drug buy. He was buying dope but called it another name. He and another guy went down an alley to make the buy. Cop cars appeared. I thought they'd been busted. An old lady had her pink glasses knocked off. They were shattered. She was sitting on the floor picking up the pieces of her glasses. She had a pink matching necklace that had been her mother's. It was intact. The cops put an old black man in handcuffs. They had not seen the drug deal. In the car the guys were driving and trying to do the dope. They didn't know how to open the bag efficiently. They passed it up to me and I was trying to do some but the dope came out in clumps. We were driving. I said, "What you guys need is a plate and a razor blade to cut this stuff up with." They did not understand. Cop lights came on following us. I picked the dope flakes off my sweater and ate them so when the cops came it would be gone. I doubted if I'd feel anything this way. We were going back. Jasmine was there. The kids were getting ready for the big prom. I went to use the computer we took turns, starting at 10:00 p.m.