An Asian couple had escaped. They were in hiding. They were not lovers. A little boy and a little girl sat in top of a pine tree singling. They (the Asian guy in charge) ordered Chinese take-out. He ordered Thai for himself so that people couldn't track him down by his nationality and his favorite food. I ran with them. The girl was kind. The older boy-man was not. He was brutal. The little Asian boy stayed alone sitting high up in the pine tree crying and saying his name aloud. It started with an "S." We ran down the hill--hiding and looking for hiding places to hide during day time--in tree tops where they couldn't find us. The capture came to an unlikely end. Just that it was enough to have a lingering sad, silent aftermath. The food he left untouched. Then an Asian cleaning lady said ??? in observance of National Secretary's Week. We had been running and hiding. We finally got to the ??? in the top. When it was time to run again, the girl gently removed the bowl from my hands in the tree tops to eat. I was so tired that I fell asleep with the bowl in my hands. I was astounded by her gentle touch. She hid the left overs from our meal in a different tree to hide the path we'd taken. ??? in case they were right behind us. We just ran in front of the school. A guy who whined and constantly played a pathetic victim stuck a tube through ??? so I could not shut it. I tried to reach through the car window to lock it. He blamed us for his future suicide. Finally I managed to peel out and peel off. Just then Kay Smith tried to reach us and drove in a car--waiting to meet me. I never showed ??? the phone because of the escape and the guy's ??? escape with his suicide. ??? heard Kay Smith's car go by and would I please answer the phone. We were still running, but far enough ahead to play a little. Rudy was with me. I had a fly fishing rod with a kite attached to the end. I cast out and reeled in childhood memories. Sometimes they got snagged in the swamp. I had gone on a vacation to the lake with the people who had originally helped me. First it was an escape. Then they left me and had to drive the car. The exhaust pipe jammed with a sweet potato stuck in the pipe. ??? Eeeked just over the edge of the rock. I thought I'd park the car up on a rock to park where I had to park. It kept going forward. I could see the car on a ledge, but the usual parking space. ??? car where it was suppose to be--but it kept, but it kept getting a little more over the rock till it got half way. I tried to go forward one more. This time pushing the car from outside instead of driving the car and the car crashed over the ledge. The table fell too and I tried to fit it back together. It was notched iron like a bed frame. The brothers came. 7 brothers. I was suppose to be with one of them. Marry one. But it kept changing which one. They loved music. I had wrecked their car. The little 2 room cabin they had was on the rock. A little bathroom where you had to climb through a window on the roof to get in was at a slant on the side. When I went in I pulled on the roof to climb into the window and the rock tower. The cabin was attached and came crashing down. First I thought it would fall on me. I stepped aside--it crashed to the street below--a winding mountain path. It took out most of the bathroom and their color printer that was in there. I went back and they were marching to the Barnum Bailey Circus music. I wanted to hear my father's swing music he had calm in his body. He leaned quiet against the fence. The brothers said they had not woke up enough. One brother who had been badly burned and had cancer and took to his bed. The other brothers marched around the perimeter of the field. ??? She was crying because the last year of college had been so special for her and she wanted to share it with a classmate who had been there--but was suppose to bring a date instead. The children were coloring a sewing instruction. When brushed with water, woven patterns would appear. It was beautiful.