We were in the parking lot of Laurens Plaza. It was very late at night. 3 or 4 in the morning. Kids were there, black children, as part of an after school program called "Sign Out." They had to stay till their parents signed them out. I was watching and playing with Will's group. She was an inquisitive little girl. We set up mathematical games on the ground of the parking lot. When William came to help she was mesmerized by him. He sat and played games with her--letting her figure out how to put things together. The Supervisor came to check on things. All she noticed was the state of the physical door. A door frame was sitting next to the doorway, not attached. She pointed at what part to saw off and fix it inside the frame. She did not notice William and Will. Me and Kevin were on our bicycles. One was a new mountain bike. One was an old clunky 10-speed with most of the pedals fallen off. First I took the mountain bike but then Kevin said he meant the other one, so I took the old 10-speed. We rode. An army surplus store was in the mall. We tried to spell its name. By now there were mean older tough black girls in the parking lot. One really mean girl got in the car with me. I told her she had to get out. I tried to lock the doors without appearing rude. We rode bikes up the hill. Steep. Mary Ganther asked me to call and send flowers to her brother on Mother's Day. I knew it was a busy florist day. She said, "Tell them anything. Tell them he has rabies and needs flowers." I skated toward a pay phone down hill on the 76 by-pass. A boy on the D train asked the conductor a question about a stop. He asked if there were 3 train changes ??? It was Christmas. We were at Aunt Jenny and Aunt Bill's house. Pictures had been moved on the wall. Chuck was there. He wanted to go to Atlanta but I wanted to stay with Aunt Jenny longer. I went later by myself on a train. When I got there it was night. On the train they had put an oxygen mask on me. When I slept at the house a doctor had put the oxygen mask on me too. I was feverish. The Brady's (Mr. And Mrs.) had a bedroom there. 2 walls were pink. 2 were white. There was an old, old cook stove from Grandma and Grandpa's--a wood cook stove with feet. Chuck said if you lived in NY too long you lost your touch. He said you had to get away to nowhere and find it again. Aram was growing roses on a trellis. He said they'd g row about 2 feet every day. The room was about 3 feet wider on all 4 sides than the bed. We wanted to cover the walls with climbing roses and let the leaves grow all over the floor--so the room was only one bed and a million climbing roses--so thick you couldn't see the walls. An elementary school had 10 principals. The children loved them. Dr. Seuss had drawn a character next to each principal's name. They were printed on plastic see-through bags.