I was going with my girlfriend and my mother and I to see a house that my father had refinished inside. This was a duplex. I drove up in the driveway with my Ford, and we all got out and went inside the house. We looked around. We saw the job that my father did. We were all talking, and then we all left, my father and I and my girlfriend all left the house and got in my car. Then the girlfriend and I were going back to the house. I don't remember what we went back for, but after we left my parents off, we went back to this house which was vacant. As I drove up in the driveway, there was a fifty-seven, fifty-six Ford station wagon pushing another '56 Ford station wagon. There was no one in the first station wagon, but there was a man in the second station wagon. As I was just pulling into the driveway, this man pushed this other station wagon up besides my car. He seemed to be mad about something, so I didn't know what it was. He was mad at me, but I don't know what he was made for. So we had a discussion and then I started to get mad, so he said that if I didn't calm down, he would call the police. I still remained in my car so I got madder, and he just left. The other station wagon just seemed to disappear. I don't know what happened to it. In about 5 minutes the police came. Then I told the police--the police came to the outside of the house, and I told the police I didn't do anything. He should call my mother. So the policeman, my girl, and I went inside this house and he called my mother. My father drove my mother to the house, and she went inside and she was in a room with this policeman talking to him. She was in the kitchen, and they were having coffee. I couldn't see them because the door was closed. I seemed to be able to see under the crack of the door. I could see their feet. My girl and I were in this other room and we were in bed. We weren't doing anything. We were just laying there. She had her dress off. We took her dress off and we were laying there. She still had underclothes on. My mother was still talking to this policeman. I don't know what she was saying. Then my girl said I better put my dress back on because you mother's getting ready to come out of the kitchen. The way I could tell she was getting ready to come out was because I could see under the crack of the door. I could see her feet starting to move, and I could see the policeman's feet starting to get up off the chair. Then they came out. We were just sitting there. My mother said everything was alright, and the policeman left. After that my girl and I and my mother went back into the kitchen. The kitchen I remember was very detailed. Everything was built in. It was all French Provincial. The cabinets were French Provincial. The stove was painted white and gold. The floor was white. It was a very elaborate house, duplex, I mean. The living room was very spacious and everything seemed to be white and gold. Then the policeman left, as I said before, and then my mother and my girl and I walked outside the house. My father was there waiting for my mother. Then my mother got in the car with my father, and they left, and then my girl and I left.