I was on a journey, and I didn't know where I was going, but I was. I started to walk down this road which was a dirt road, and I began to walk and as I began walking, I saw different sights around every turn. The distance that I walked was approximately 50 miles, but the time factor involved was, it only took me about 15 minutes to walk that distance. I was walking at a normal pace but in the dream it only took me 15 minutes to reach approximately 50 miles. Anyway, I began walking and I walked over sort of a causeway, and on the left hand side there was a motel with a swimming pool. I didn't stop at any of these places. I just walked by them and I kept walking and around the next bend, it was like there was water on one side. On the other side. I can't remember what there was. At the next bend there was like a motel with a few boats and a dock and this big giant about 10 feet tall was there. He just looked like a normal man only he was this real big. He didn't say anything. He just looked, and I just kept on walking and I got to a place, the terrain was like a desert. No, it was like the plains out in Kansas, real flat and dry, and I walked thru these plains and it was about half the distance. And I got to a fork in the road, to this crossroad, it was all, as far as I could see, it was just flat plains, and in this crossroad, there was one house on one side, it was a white frame house, and there was another house on another side. There I saw my girl, and my girl was staying with her girlfriend that stayed in one house and her mother lived across the road, not my girl's mother, but my girl's girlfriend's mother lived in the other house across the road, and this girl and her mother haven't seen each other in two years, even though they lived right across the road from each other, because they weren't on speaking terms. So I got mad at my girl for staying at a place like that, and we were standing outside discussing it. I told her why she shouldn't stay there. But nevertheless, I told her I would pick her up the next day. So I began walking back, and it took me a shorter time to walk back than it did to get there, and everything was in unison like the place I saw when I was walking there, the same place I saw when I was walking back, and I walked thru the plain and I saw this motel with the boats with the big giant, and he was sort of standing right in the middle of the road this time, but he didn't say anything, so I just walked around. And I remember I had tennis shoes on and a pair of dungarees and a t-shirt. It was a dirt road, and then I walked back to the place where I saw there was a motel on the right hand side going back. Then I got to a bridge. It was like a bridge crossing a river and it looked like when you get off the 79th St. Causeway bridge and you come into Miami. It greatly resembled that part, and that was the end of the dream. Colors in the dream, there was blue and a lot of green, there was some grey and there was white. A little while ago my girlfriend was talking about staying with another girl, and I saw a movie called America, America, and it sort of resembled this movie in a way. This person in the movie had to walk to his destination something like I was doing.