It was a hot afternoon on a Sunday and my friend and I (a male friend) wanted to go swimming. We couldn't find a place to swim, so we decided that we'd go to a hotel where I used to work in the summertime, go to the pool. So someone told us to ask for the pool manager because he was a new manager, and I didn't know him. We went to this hotel and we walked around the side of it through the pool. To get to the pool, we entered a sort of lobby and then we went on to a patio. The pool man was at the far end of  the pool and he was vacuuming it, the bottom of it. The pool was extremely dirty. There was algae on the bottom. It was about half full. We went up and asked him about the pool and he immediately started talking about politics, about the presidential nominations and senators and just general political talk. But apparently he told us to go to another hotel, the DeLido Hotel, which was, we could see it from where we stood. It was down the beach. So we talked a little more about politics and then we got ready to leave to go to the DeLido to swim. Around the pool were lounge chairs. They were about half filled with people, but no one was in the pool. It was a very hot day, and as we started to leave, we had to go through two doors, one had a little square window in it. It was a wooden door. The window was about four inches square, and then there was another heavy wooden door. Then we were back in the lobby. As we opened the first door, the pool man kept on talking about politics and we couldn't seem to get him to stop. So we finally had to sort of shut him out in the pool area, so we could get back in the lobby in order to leave. So as we shut the last door, there were political figures in the lobby, politicians and mayors. There were about three of them. They were going to consult with this pool man on some problem that they had. My friend and I thought generally that he was an expert in politics. As we shut the door, the politicians got mad at us because they wanted to go out to speak to him and we were shutting them out. All this time while he was talking, he had a broom. First of all he was vacuuming when we first saw him, then he had a broom in his hand when we left and was sweeping the patio. So as we left he was talking to these politicians, giving them advice, and then we walked out in the big lobby. The lobby was in the back of the hotel instead of the usual lobby which is in front. We walked out to the car, which was my car , but it was a convertible, a white convertible. That's all I can remember.