I had a '49 Ford. It was blue. It was like a Ford that I had when I was in high school, and I didn't have anything to do this night so I was just driving around. I went to a place that resembled the buildings around 12th Ave. and 13th St. These are the federal buildings where the jail is and stuff like that. I pulled over on a side street right off 12th Ave. at night, and I was just watching the traffic. I was real close to the Miami River bridge. I came back to the car and found a ticket on the windshield saying that I had parked crooked. When I parked there was no one there, so I didn't know. So I parked at an angle, and didn't know everyone was supposed to parallel park. I was the only car parked at an angle, but this ticket was not written on the regular form of type ticket paper. This was written, I had an old piece of paper laying on the seat, a piece of loose leaf paper, and the ticket was written out on that, and it said to report to a certain place in Coral Gables. I knew there was something wrong because you don't go to Coral Gables for a parking ticket, but I didn't question, I was going to question the matter, so I was going to walk to the jail, to the courthouse where I was and ask them about it first. While I was walking, there was a bus in front of me, a Miami Transit Co. bus, and on this bus a little side door opened, like on the Greyhound bus where the baggage goes. Anyway, there was a side door on it. This Volkswagen 3 unit car. It was made out of all stainless steel or aluminum. It said Volkswagen on it, and it was like a little bus in itself. It had three units on it like three little cars. This thing drove right into the baggage compartment inside it, drove right inside the baggage compartment of the Miami Transit Co. bus. I remember that because it turned right in front of me to drive into the compartment. This is why the compartment was made, for this little other. There was a compartment on the big bug and it was made for this little Volkswagen bus which was about 3 feet high and about 15 feet long. So I saw this and I didn't think much of it because I thought it was something natural and then I went to ask about my ticket. I got up to the steps. It was very confusing inside. They were just letting a whole bunch of prisoners go, and a bunch of bums were just walking outside. So I figured I would just forget about it and go over to the place where I was supposed to go. So I just walked back to my car and got in and drove away, which was the end of the dream.