I was climbing down a very steep mountain with a girl whom I don't know and going to see some friends of ours in a jail, apparently during a war or something. While walking along this narrow path, I told the girl to watch out because there was a quicksand pit up ahead. We walked around that, and then when we went a little further, there was this 6 ft. wall on the left, and it had bars like the bars of a cell. There was warm lava coming down the mountain and in order to keep from falling down, we grabbed onto these bars and started going hand over hand to this jail cell. When we got to it, I climbed down to the window that was guarded by bars and I felt kind of guilty because I wasn't in there with them, and I asked if there was anything I can get for them since I was outside. One guy wanted a bottle of wine and told me the exact name of the wine and I remember writing the name on the wall next to the barred up window. Then I retreated from the window and found myself in a 4-walled one-story building with only part of a roof. While walking out of this building I saw some men running at me who were part of an army or something. They were running at me with machine guns because I had been talking with the prisoners. They were shooting the guns. I had a bottle of wine on me for this man, but I don't know where I got it from. The wine turned into a pint bottle of Vodka. I know Vodka was combustible, so I threw it out the window of this 4-walled structure and I figured that the army would keep firing at it with their bullets and it would catch on fire, and it did. It got on fire that which spilled out of the bottle, but the bottle itself didn't catch on fire. One of the men reached over and grabbed the bottle and threw it back into this four-walled structure where I was. Figuring it would go off, I ran outside and found myself in the company of this beautiful young German blond. Apparently she was a ballet dancer or a girl who was interested in gymnastics or something. She was very graceful in her movements and she was showing me certain movements and certain steps and said she could show me these steps better if we would go inside the gym. There was a half-constructed gym, it still had sanded floors and wooded beams supporting the interior of it. We went in and she started showing me these graceful movements and what not.