This dream started in the prep school I used to go to. It was Sunday evening and everyone was getting ready for a vespers service. I cannot remember just what I was doing. It could have been photographing the service, but anyway, I was up in front of the congregation. The man who was leading the service (it hadn't begun) said he wanted one more person in the choir. He pointed at me. I had to share a book with two other boys, and I didn't sing bad at all. I even remember the man who sent me up smiling at me as if to say, "That's good." The choir then filed out and went into another room. There was another organ in there, and the director began to have us rehearse. He then announced that we would not be needed for the rest of the service (which was going on in the next room) and we could go. I can then remember a few images of a rather dreary, dull dorm and my room. The scene then changes and goes back to the room we were rehearsing in. A few of us are telling about some injustice which has been done to us. The group splits into two opinions over the matter and tempers flair. It seemed to have something to do with the lights. The group I am in decides we must get to a control room to do something to the lights. We then start running down a long tunnel, but have to fight our way along it because the other group is trying to stop us at all costs. The tunnel was large enough to stand up in and in our point there was a stream running through it. I got the idea that I might be able to carry out the mission if I could run ahead and then unscrew all the light bulbs. I did this and it worked. The tunnel ended in my grandfather's basement. I rushed over to a large switch box with one other boy and we tried to figure which switch it was that controlled all the lights in the school. Finally I just began pushing buttons, but I got the one which opened the garage door. I quickly pushed the next button which closed it, but I was sure it had made enough noise to wake up my grandfather. And I was right because soon I heard some noise upstairs. I remember I took a whole flight of stairs in one leap, got my friend and started for the tunnel. But it was too late. My grandfather was coming down the stairs 4 at a time so I saw I had to speak to him. We explained we weren't trying to steal anything, but just had to do something to the lights. He accepted this. About this time the others all started coming out of the tunnel. One good friend said that I had a good idea when I unscrewed the lights, but that it was a little painful--he was rubbing a bump on his head. Finally, everything turned out fine and we all returned.