The first thing I remember was having difficulty here at college with my studies. I couldn't seem to get the right courses. A small co-ed boarding school then offered to take me and I accepted. The school was located in a large house right by my home in Vermont, and it was winter. My present roommate Tom also came with me. We first met the headmaster and then Tom met a girl he really liked. He talked to her for a while, then we went to our room. There we met another girl--one I went after. My only problem was that I fell asleep talking to her. Tom, however, kept the conversation going. At first I thought he was going to try to take her, but he said he wasn't interested. He still liked the first girl he met best. It almost seems that the rest of the dream was during the next day, Sunday, I think. The first thing that I remember was a boy standing outside my door looking out of a window. He was wondering how to get out of the building without being caught. Tom and I told him to jump out the window (3rd story). That didn't really help him much. We then started talking about the girls. Tom reminded me that I was class #12. He said all I had to do was find out the girls in #11 and I could get any one of them for the date at the end of the day. I went downstairs to find out who was in my classes, but couldn't find the list. I then decided to go outside. At the door there were several boxes of fruit. I said at first that they were a product of Florida, but someone behind me said that they were from Canada. They turned out to be yellow melons which were a little frozen from standing out in the cold. When I went out, the first thing that happened was a tennis ball landed right near me. Even though it was snowing and there was a strong wind, there was a doubles match going on. I threw the ball back, but it didn't go too far. The guys on the court were mad at this, but I just said that I couldn't throw anything with the mittens I had on. The boy who was doing all the talking was one I had known from prep school and he wouldn't accept my reason. The ball came out again and this time I took off my mittens and threw the ball right over the court to show him I could do it. I decided to go home (which was just a stone's throw from the school). Before I left, however, I remember watching some of the boys from the school playing. They were aged from about seven to ten. At home I asked my father what he was going to do. He said he had just got a phone call from one of his friends who opened up a club I belong to. The club is way out in the country and surrounded by some beautiful scenery. My father's friend said that since my father hadn't showed up, he had closed the club. I looked at my watch then and found it was 11:40. I couldn't figure out why dad couldn't have gone earlier. I then remember thinking about the club. I knew it would be cold, etc., but I still would have loved to have gone there. The dream ends here. All through this dream I kept wondering why I had come to the school. I was by far the oldest student. I also wondered what my record was going to look like to an employer.