This dream was about a series of things which went on while I was at home in Vermont. The time was in the present, and I had just come home. The first thing I can remember was coming out of a neighbor's house. In the house I vaguely remember talking with a group of people--who I think I knew. I then got an old piano stool and began to ride it down a small hill. After a few trips down I got tired of this and looked over to another neighbor's house. In his yard there was an old racing car. I then took the piano stool, which had somehow changed into something else on four wheels, and tossed it into the pile of antiques I had taken it from. I thought I might have bent one of the wheels, but I didn't take a closer look. I went to this second neighbor's basement (which was open--much like a garage--however, not in actuality) and started looking around then at antiques. There were about three cars there and boxes of other things. I picked up a slot machine which had been used to figure out income tax. It worked this way. You pull the handle to spin the dials. Whatever numbers came up is the amount you pay--unless you hit the jackpot, then you get money. (Wow!) I remember this thing was light and looked as if it had been made in Japan from tin cans. After looking at a few more things, I left. I went home because we were supposed to go with my father to see about getting a new Jeep or Land Rover. My brother was shaving when I reached the bathroom. After he finished, he told me that he had been down to see the Jeep dealer and found that Dad could get a Jeep fully equipped with all the accessories he wanted for the price of the bare land Rover. I told my brother that this wouldn't work on Dad. He had his mind made up on a Rover and it would be almost impossible to change. He agreed with me. I then came into the bathroom as he was finished shaving. I noticed that the toothpaste tube was floating in the toilet bowl. My brother said it had slipped off the sink. My brother then began talking about changing because he wanted to wear an undershirt under the shirt he had on if he was going to see this Jeep dealer. I told him that was foolish. In Florida few students wear them because of the heat. I then remember thinking that it was probably 95 degrees in Miami and clear (it was cloudy and cool at home). He agreed with me, but then looked and found he was wearing one anyway. I then remember cleaning a large plastic tube about _" in diameter and 10' long. The part I was cleaning was a fitting on one end. It seems somehow that this was part of the razor, but I am not sure. I got a lot of water on the floor from cleaning it as it ran through the tube. I then began to talk to my brother more about the Jeep deal. I said that surely the dealer could offer the price he did for the outfitted Jeep--all he would have to do is to take the stuff off the old Jeep and put it on the new one. The same thing could be done with the Rover. I cannot remember much beyond this. The last scene in my mind before I woke up was something about a hired girl we have living with us and some bunnies she had.