I was in an elevator. I believer there were two other people in the elevator, perhaps a man and a woman, but that's very unclear. So is the whole setting of the dream. I don't remember a particular elevator or the building or what I was doing there. But we were going down in the elevator and all of a sudden it started falling. I remember I didn't panic, but very quickly went over to the control board. It was a self-service elevator, and there was one button for the light switched off, which I switched off, switched off the light, although afterwards I could still see in the elevator. But I remember switching off the light switch and hten I pressed the alarm button. There was no stop button, but there was an alarm button. I kept pressing it and I remember very clearly hearing it ring, not only in the elevator, but it sounded as though it would ring through the whole building, outside the elevator. Finally after some oscillations up and down, the elevator finally stopped and we were saved. Although this whole experience wasn't too emotional for me, I wasn't too afraid when the elevator was falling, nor was I too excited, exhilarated about being saved. I remember asking the foreman, the one who performed the saving operation, how he had done it, and he described it to me. I sort of pictured the whole thing and it was as though I was seeing how we were saved. That part is very hard to put into words, but I saw a line of about 6 elevators in the building. Ours was the last one over, and somehow the elevator shaft was pushed off, all the way to the end of a kind of line it was hanging on, as though there were six beads, say, on a string and the last bead were pushed to the end of the string. Then somehow it was flipped over. This whole thing is very hard to explain. It was a visual image and not at all rational in our sense, that is in my daily experience sense of the term, although in the dream it was very plausible, and he showed us how he pushed the elevator to the end of the line and kind of slipped it over the string it was hanging on and saved us all. The time of the dream was indefinite time. It was black and white. The setting wasn't familiar. This dream seemed to take 15 minutes perhaps.