Dream took place in the morning between the hours of 8 and 9 a.m. I was waiting for a bus at a bus stop in a big city like Philadelphia. It was night and the weather was summer-like. My best friend Bill was waiting with me, though he wasn't going with me. My destination was a market place. I believe it was referred to as the egg market. My friend Bill insisted that I take along several cardboard boxes in order to carry my purchases. Several buses had come and turned the corner one block from where I and several others had been waiting. I decided to go down to the next block to catch the bus, seeing that obviously they came to that point with greater frequency than to the point where I was waiting. Bill said or implied that I shouldn't do so. While he was saying this a bus came along, and it was marked Hudson Street, and around the marking Hudson Street there was a kind of green glow as if there was a green light behind this marker. Meanwhile a girl, I believe it was a Puerto Rican woman, though her skin was not dark, it was tannish, had come to the bus stop and had gotten out of a car. It was a white convertible Cadillac. Somehow her intention of going to the egg market had become known to me. There was a large crowd of younger girls clamoring about her as though she were a movie star, but I felt more as though she was a clever and shrewd opportunist, possibly an agent Provocateur. We were on the bus, and as we got underway, I slowly noticed that as the bus turned a corner about 3 blocks from our starting point, that the crowd of girls was chasing the bus, waving and yelling their maudlin goodbyes. The Puerto Rican woman sat in the very back of the bus and I saw these girls out of the back window of the bus. At the point where I saw them clearly, many of them had fall coats on and were open at the front. They were kind of slapping open. In the background I saw what appeared to be Independence Mall, that is Independence Hall with the mall in front of it. At this point it was daylight and there was what appeared to be snow on the ground. The bus in the course of its trip up to this point had taken a somewhat devious route. It had gone over many curb stones and sidewalks, bumping the bus, and yet it was staying predominantly on the road. The girls that were following had been following, continued to follow the bus which was going very slow. <br/