This is the 2nd dream. This dream took place in what seemed to be the basement of a very large hotel dining room, although the dining room was detached from the hotel. Possibly more like a banquet room. The basement was where all the food was prepared, and myself and my very good friend Bill and a host of other people -- not a host, but rather several other couples -- had somehow snuck down to the basement in order to steal some food which we thought might be there for a banquet that was apparently going on, and we did find some food. It consisted of large slices of chocolate cake on paper plates distributed about in this kitchen area. By the way, we had gone down a very wide flight of stairs in order to get to this kitchen. It must have been about 14 feet wide or so. There were also small containers of milk. We just began to eat the cake and drink the milk when some official came down and saw us. He asked us, "What are you doing here?" or something to that effect. At this point we all grabbed our cake and took off in different directions. I ran out and had the cake folded under the paper plate so I could put it in my pocket or something. As I ran out we were running through huge crowds of people who were apparently getting ready to or were already going into the banquet room. I was running at a moderate pace and all of a sudden found myself in a huge, open yard. This yard was for the purpose of repairing locomotives. It was all concrete and very open. The locomotives were gigantic in size, and the wheels were rather diminutive in comparison. It seemed that all the repairmen in this huge, open concrete-covered yard were Negroes I looked around to try and get my directions and for some reason I started to stride off in a specific direction, and I was confronted with a young Negro boy who in some way was trying to impede my progress. He had a rather sarcastic manner of addressing me, though he had a grin on his face, and I didn't feel intimidated with him, but rather bothered by his presence because I didn't want to be impeded. He said a few things and then as I was approaching a bus stop, he tried to trip me, but I avoided this and somehow got to an area where the bus was due to arrive. The locomotive repair yard was a rather grimy place. There was no conception of any time sequence. Rather possibly it might have been in the past though. Possibly a year or so. This dream was somewhat unpleasant. There was some feeling of having gotten away with something. This was a good feeling, but again it was a very low level of satisfaction. There were some very vague colors in the dream The sky was kind of grayish-blue and the concrete pavement in the yard was grease-stained. The chocolate cake was brown. The coats and dresses on the people were blurred colors. <br/