This dream took place in Key West. I was with my brother and his family. I had come down there with them in order to show them the sights of Key West. My brother was driving a vehicle which was as large as a bus but which was made into a camper suitable for housing his whole family as well as myself for at least the duration of the Key West trip. This is just like a similar vehicle I did see in Key West while I was there. I recall that we visited the beach upon which there were a number of people who were digging for antique bottles. My brother and I decided, or rather I decided that I wanted to dig in earnest for some of these antique bottles. I was in my bathing suit. It was a bight, warm, sunny day and before I discovered any bottles, I managed somehow to cut my foot on a very, very thin bottle. Actually it was the bottom part of the bottle. I don't recall experiencing too much pain, even though it was a slow, deliberate cut I received, rather it was just bothersome. At any rate, I proceeded to dig and I very quickly came upon a very large, clear glass jug which must have been at least 2 to 3 gallons in capacity. It struck me that it was very old because it had some specific markings on it. The markings were embossed on the glass and it was in very good condition except for tiny chips at the neck of the bottle. I was very happy with this discovery. I carefully placed the bottle on the sand and walked back to the car for some reason, rather the bus. On the way back I passed this soda stand, a little wooden shack on the beach which I had passed on the way down previously. Inside there were one or two boys, I would categorize them as wise guys. They were making some sarcastic remarks, but I just completely ignored them. There's some recollection here of picking up or seeing 2 or 3 other bottles but none that I had dug up. I didn't pay too much attention to them. Previous to all this occurring, I had cautioned my brother and his family to be careful on the beach because of all the broken glass. For some reason or another I had gone back to the bus, and a towel comes to mind, perhaps I wanted to dry my foot with it, but at any rate after having done what I wanted to do, I was walking back over the beach in order to get the jug. I arrived upon the scene and discovered that the jug had been cracked in about 5 places all the way around. It was not like that when I had left it. I presume this was the work of the wise guys from the soda stand, but again it didn't seem to bother me too much. I simply picked the jug up in one place just to kind of reassure myself that it was truly cracked, and it was. I put it back, that is I put the broken piece back and just left it there and walked away. Then we proceeded to another part of the island. I believe we had stopped or at least driven past, and I pointed out Hemingway's residence. At one point in the dream, I don't recall exactly where, I remember distinctly saying, "This is the Atlantic," pointing to the Atlantic. One or two miles west on the other side of the island is the bay or rather the Gulf. Now this is what I literally said. Eventually we were driving on a highly elevated, I would say approximately 30 ft. in the air, an elevated asphalt roadway. There is no such roadway actually existing on Key West. This roadway slowly descended into a garden court community in which there were very small houses arranged in two long rows with another few houses at the end of the two rows, like a squared U. The houses were not connected. In the center of the court upon which all these houses faced was an equally squared U-shaped walkway, but apparently this walkway was wide enough to drive the bus onto, which we did. I was quite surprised to find lying in the area between the two walkways, which was more or less the garden type area, a great number of women, many of whom were dressed in their evening clothes. That is for bed, a few of them had peignoirs on, white and light pink and light tan, but strangely enough in some way they were all sick or lame or ill. Many of them had very emaciated looks, and they stared somewhat longingly with pale disinterest at the bus as we drove down the walkway. This struck me as rather incongruous, that is their rather emaciated appearance and being dressed in the fashion that they were, although it was not inappropriate to the weather as it was very hot. As I said before, it was bright and sunny. After a few minutes of this, my brother and I became rather disturbed with the scene, and we wanted to get off of this walkway and out of this community within the community so to speak, but we had a little difficulty in finding a place for the bus to turn around. Finally we did. I believe one of the women asked me, "Why have you come here?" I was rather lost for words. I think I fumbled out something like, "Well, I really didn't expect to find this here." I believe there were a few dogs and several children who were running too. This is not too clear. I recall once having turned the vehicle around, we stopped at some kind of a stand again in order to do something, but I don't remember what. At any rate, it didn't take long and we proceeded out of this community. There was quite a bit of color in this dream. The sand was sand-colored. The sky was very blue, and there were many green trees and shrubs. There was some color in the bathing suit I was wearing in the first scene of the dream. <br/