I was in a house next door to a house in which I had lived in Westmont, N.J. In this house next door to it, my mother was there. I had gone there to visit her. Something previously had happened in the dream that had caused me to sense that I was a rather unruly student in school and a great discipline problem, and had been arraigned before some sort of authorities on several occasions. This aspect had saddened my mother, but nevertheless she was sort of standing by me, so to speak. I went to this house, and I don't recall the reason, but I was leaving there shortly thereafter to go to visit a girl. I recall having on a white shirt with a peculiar green stain on the collar, and I had on a very bright green tie. I arranged it so that the tie covered the stain. I also needed a shave. My hair wasn't combed. Nevertheless, I went to see this girl. I had to go by bus for I had no other transportation. This girl was a rather commonplace sort of girl, a plain Jane, but I was going to see her because at the moment there was no other girl that I had. So I had the attitude, well, it's better than nothing. I vaguely recall having taken her out once, and then on a second arrangement for a date. No, I had gone over there for dinner once, and for some unusual reason we arranged to meet for dinner the next night. And this was the next night now. I was on my way over and in order to get to her house, I decided on one of two alternative routes. The quickest route would have required my hitchhiking for a short distance, and I remember walking down the street of a town. It was Camden, N.J. Although it was necessary for me to hitchhike, I wasn't really doing it. I was just walking down the street and eventually I came upon a, passed a neighborhood bar and it was a signal to me that I was very close to her house. This was rather strange, but I didn't know the peculiarity of this in the dream. I continued on till I got to her house. Oh, that's right, she had moved, and this was the new location of her house. I got to the address and walked into the building. Apparently this was an apartment building. There was an open door, I believe, and her father was there. He was a rather meek and mild sort of man, and as a matter of fact, he had an apron of sorts on. Apparently he had been doing the dishes or something. He sort of explained to me that his daughter wasn't home as yet or something like that. She walked in the door. She had a trench coat on, and a conversation ensued in which she got the idea across to me that she was rather, that is this idea was gotten across indirectly that she was rather disappointed that I had shown up because even though she had made the date she seemed that there was some confusion about it and she gave the impression that it hadn't been made. Nevertheless, I pursued the real reason behind the reason in my most diplomatic fashion, all the while thinking to myself that I really didn't care that much, but what the hell, I was curious because I don't particularly like rejection in any form. So it came out that a boyfriend she had, not really a boyfriend but someone she had been going out with, just recently was rather well-to-do financially, and I was quite poor, and this fellow was taking her to shows quite regularly. Something she had never had happen to her before. Also this boy was quite jealous. I believe his name was Granger or some such odd name. She liked this whole idea extremely because she was sort of being wined and dined. It was absolutely unique to her in her rather poverty-stricken circumstances. She had some rather innocuous job. As I said, she was very plain-looking. She had at this particular time, there were small blemishes on her skin, two around her mouth and two on her forehead, exactly where four had been on my face earlier this week. Very tiny, but nevertheless there. As the conversation continued, the point was made by her that she would rather not go out that evening and maybe we could make it some other evening, though I got the feeling that this was just a weak bit of diplomacy on her part. In reality she was very anxious to go out with this boy to a big show again. By show I mean a stage show. That is a play. So in a way I was thankful for being able to get off the hook, which always seems like a problem, as well as subtly disconcerted because I felt there was some chance of eventual intimate physical involvement even though as I say, I wasn't too anxious. I figured if it was easy, I wouldn't mind. Then again, if there were any problems, I would just as soon forget about it. I think over and above this slight discomfiture with the idea of not making it with this girl who I construed as being eminently easy to make it with, I was also rather delighted with the aspect of using to their fullest or at least having at my discretion, the full use of my intellectual processes in analyzing and reacting and responding to all aspects and nuances of this relationship even though it was an innocuous one. This was a pleasant feeling because at the time in which this was taking place, which was in the past, several years in the past, this had not really been the case.