This dream took place at what seems to have been a wedding party or some kind of a party. I had decided I would not drink until I had something to eat, and actually this was before I decided to eat the meal. There were hors d'oeuvres, hot hors d'oeuvres, and they were meatballs. There were two kinds of sauce. This was a regular sauce and a mushroom sauce. There was a large tray of meatballs that were all wrapped individually in aluminum foil, and they had mushroom sauce on them. Next to this tray was some kind of rare-looking roast beef, although it didn't look too much like roast beef. I ate quite a few meatballs. Some of each, I think, that is each kind of sauce. Then it seems I was in an apartment, and the party was still somewhere around nearby, and the apartment seemed to be like the one in which I previously lived at 251 Bayshore Drive, except that instead of the bedroom being where it was, there was the kitchen, that is like the one in the apartment next to mine. In the kitchen there were several men and we were all sitting around a table, and I think we might have been playing cards. After a little while I decided I wanted to go back and get something more to eat. At this point I sat down at a table at the party again across from a woman, and I had gotten myself quite a number of these meatballs, and I was stuffing them in my mouth at such a voracious rate that I looked up and said to the woman, "You see, I try not to be a slob all the time, but when you get hungry, sometimes you just get hungry." And I continued to stuff meatballs in my mouth. Well, at this point I believe I went back to the card game. Somehow or another there was some meat and things to eat there too. That is on a table right next to the game, and I offered to slice some, I think what was roast beef. But the strange thing was there was a knife that did not at all look like a knife. It must have been about 10 inches long, but about 8 of those inches looked just like a regular blade, but on the end of the knife, it flared out so that if you looked at it from the end straight on, it looked like a bit of long cattle horns. While I was slicing the meat, I somehow dropped the knife directly on top of my hand and cut it, cut it where at the present time I do have a bandage n the back of my hand, but it's not covering a cut. At any rate, I looked at it rather astonished and I put my hands on the cut around the edges of it to see if it was deep, and I pulled it back and there really wasn't very much blood at all, just a very small amount. It didn't appear to be deep at all, hardly even broke the skin as if the knife had bounced off the back of my hand. Though what I had been cutting, it's rather strange. It seems as though it looked like roast beef, but then too it almost looked like an orange. I'm not really too sure about that. At this point the game stopped, and I think it was my brother who went to get me a bandage. Whatever game was being played, one of the men quite commandingly called it to a halt and proceeded very intensely at another table with someone else to count out the money that had been used in the game so as to distribute it equally. At this point there was a bit of a hubbub about taking me to the emergency ward of the hospital to get fixed up and apparently I had gotten there and it was fixed and for some reason I said, "I can see now how people resist being helped, even though it's to their own benefit." This was in reference to the emergency ward. There was quite a bit of day residue. The meatballs were quite like the ones I had at a party very recently, very delicious, and I did possibly overeat myself with them, and the roast beef confusion with the orange situation, yesterday I was looking at some roast beef and then very shortly thereafter I had an orange. It was the first orange I had in quite a while, so it sort of stood out in my memory. Recently I have been thinking quite a bit about my brother. I read an article in Life Magazine about a hospital, though not an emergency ward, it was an emergency situation. Also at the party at which I had the meatballs, I also decided not to drink until I had a little bit to eat. Just yesterday I sort of made a mental note to myself as I was using some aluminum foil that I have been using a great deal of it in the last couple days. This is in reference to the meatballs being wrapped in it. Of course, the cut on the back of my hand was possibly due to the actual tension of the band-aid that was on there during the night, and the last couple days I have been in my apartment at 2951 Bayshore Drive, and I happened to look into the kitchen of the apartment next door. The door was open, that is. Overall, the dream was, oh, more pleasant than anything else, though not too much. Actually now that I think about it, the only color that I did see was the meatballs which were brown and the aluminum foil was silver, and the confusion about the roast beef and the orange, I actually saw an orange color. I think now possibly it was an orange. The knife had a silver blade and a brown handle. The dream seems to have taken place in a very close past.