There was an earlier part of the dream. I'm not too clear on that, but in this earlier part someone had been murdered in the United States. I associated myself with some sort of government agency that was working on the solution of this murder. It seemingly was impossible to solve. So we went to England to meet with a man who was supposed to be very famous for his ability to solve crimes and murders. This man was very old, and he was a character sort of like in Mr. Chips or Charlie Ruggles. We arrived at the place in which he lived. It was like a large estate. We knocked on the door, myself and another man, and we were greeted at the door by a butler who ushered us into an anteroom and cautioned us that we would have to be very careful because he was very old and weak and we shouldn't excite him or get him too upset. Well, he came in and it was rather obvious that he was old and bent over, but very cheery of disposition, and we told him our story. He pondered it and began to talk about possible solutions when he collapsed and presumably died, but at the point of his collapse myself and my companion or my associate panicked and ran out of the place. Somehow at that point we were aware we would be immediately accused for causing this man's death. As we left, we heard sirens going off and we presumed we were being hunted. This was at night, and it seems that in no time the whole countryside had been alerted and huge rewards were being offered for capture. Somehow we got separated from one another momentarily, and the other fellow was in front of me somewhere. We were on a narrow street. The side of the street which I was on, there was a white 1954 Ford station wagon and in the back, part of it was just loaded down with leaflets which were announcing our being wanted for causing the death of this old man. It was offering a very huge reward. In the car there were three girls, rather drowsy, but there was a group of girls and some women on the other side of the street, all having come into this area in an attempt to find us and capture us for themselves so they could get the money. They were just about getting ready to chase my companion because they saw him. I figured even if they do get him, I'll prevent them from taking him because I'll get the keys out of the car. So I ran up to the car and punched each girl in the mouth, but one of them I punched in the eye, rather methodically and knocked them all out. Then I took the keys. Then somehow my companion and I escaped in a car that we had found. We were driving it along the highway as fast as we can being chased, and the highway was extremely busy. The traffic is very heavy, and I'm having a very difficult time in keeping ahead of whoever is chasing us. But there's one car in back of us. It's a blue 1959 Chevy, but it's not chasing us. It just happened to be going rather fast and went out of control, swerved off the road and into a huge wooden garage door on the side of a great big building. As a matter of fact, it must have hit in such a way as it struck itself on the door, it was at a 45 degree angle off the ground with a front end against the door. It was at this point that I felt we had alluded our chasers. Then all of a sudden I seemed to be alone. It's still night and I'm on foot. I'm trying to hide. I'm in a walled-in city-like estate, though it's not that huge. It's just like a low wall surrounding a kind of community, a small community. All the homes in this area have been equipped with a flashing white light outdoors with which they could signal bands of roving policemen and constables in case anyone spotted us. That is, they just turned the light on and it would flash on and off. Suddenly a light near me started to flash and I ducked into an alley over a fence and through a yard, and then another light went on near me. I ducked into a garage. While in the garage I seemed to see a policeman came up to it and started talking to a man standing nearby. They didn't know I was in the garage. At this point I was very dirty and disheveled. I think I had a pair of Bermudas, green Bermudas and a green shirt. I ducked out of the back of the garage and into a building that was rather Spanish-looking. It looked like a casino and a general store combined. One saleswoman asked, a fat saleswoman, if I would like to buy something. I said no, I wouldn't, and I'm heading upstairs. By upstairs I meant __________________, and I was fully aware that she knew that I meant that there was a kind of place up there. It was a sanctuary for people in trouble with the law as well as some gambling going on. This rather upset her because not everybody was supposed to know about this and go up there. Before I could go up there, she asked me if I had any knives or hand grenades on me, and I said, "No, I don't." I pulled up my shirt to indicate that I didn't have anything in my waist or anything like that. Then I said, "You want me to show you more evidence," and I grasped the tops of my Bermudas as though I was going to pull them down. I said this rather sarcastically. At this point a very attractive, sexy Spanish woman, about thirty years old, dressed in a black evening gown, appeared on the scene, and she was the owner, owner-manager of the place. She said sarcastically to me, at the point at which I was threatening to pull my pants down, "Do you want a measuring meter?" And I said, "Okay, come here," equally sarcastically, but with a wry smile on my face, and she too was smiling in a rather accepting manner but with the expression that sort of communicated, "Well, you're a wise guy. Okay, go ahead anyway." That is, go ahead upstairs. And she said, "Always trouble," rather in tones of resignation. I then proceeded upstairs where I expected to clean up and rest for a while. As I was going upstairs, I awoke.