I was with my girlfriend somewhere, and I was eating some chocolate cake. This cake had nuts in it. As I was eating it, some of my teeth began to come loose and six of them approximately fell out. So I was very dismayed and upset by this. I had them in my hand and I quickly went to a nearby dentist whom I had some previous knowledge of. This took place somewhere between 7 and 9 at night, I believe. I was very distraught by this and we found the dentist's house. It was an old house frame house, and there was a lot of wood inside of it. There was the floor, the door jams and the various doors and they were all finished off in natural color. As I said, it seemed that I had been there before. He was wearing a tan jacket with elbow patches and his mother was somewhere in the house. I told him what my problem was and he said he knew it would happen eventually and he wasn't surprised. He intimated he knew this because of some kind of a diet or it had run in the family or something like that. I'm not sure. "I'm not surprised it didn't happen sooner." This statement surprised me very much. He looked into my mouth. He gave me a very cursory examination. He kind of just turned away then and went out a door to talk with someone else who was out there. I think it must have been another patient. He seemed very not exactly short-tempered, but well, just as if he didn't care and he wasn't bothered by my presence. This further depressed me. I was surprised because I couldn't even get angry at him. My feeling was one of futile helplessness. Finally he came back and I asked him how much it would cost, and he said $90. I asked what did he mean by $90. He said, well $490 in 3 months or 3 years. I'm not sure which. I said well, I still didn't understand what he meant. He said, "Well the bandages cost a lot of money. It was very expensive," and at this my thoughts immediately turned to, "How am I going to pay this money? I don't have it, but I'll have him to do it and I won't pay him anyway, and I'll get away with it this way because he can't do anything to me. This is the way I'll get back at him in this," being a vindictive thought. But then I realized what I was thinking, and I felt that I really wouldn't do that. My feelings were just as though I were not in control of anything that was happening in this particular situation. I felt that I really had been visited with a plague of some sort. I was defenseless too. It was meaningless to even try to fend against it. In the meantime, though, I was thinking these thoughts, and he was getting a syringe prepared in order to inject his poodle who was running around the hall with whatever he had in the syringe, some kind of a medical serum. It was a large black poodle. By this time my girlfriend had been in an adjoining waiting room. When I finally entered, she was there eating some candy which she had brought with her. This waiting room was very disheveled and messed up. Magazines were strewn all about. The doctor's mother seemed to be somewhere in this scene and cast disapproving glances about. The doctor said he couldn't do anything for me until Wednesday, and this was Sunday. This distressed me because I wanted very much to have this corrected as soon as possible because I was very, very embarrassed about it. I was aware that these were feelings of vanity, but nevertheless they were still very strong and they were there. I pleaded with him to do something that day but he just said he just couldn't. The thought of waiting those three days was really unbearable, and finally in despair I left with my girlfriend. We had a difficult time finding her car which we parked in a parking lot. There were several parking lots and we were looking for her car, a black car, and we passed by a parking lot in which there was a part of it was covered with a large aluminum carport. Under this carport there were several cars parked, and also it was a grease rack. On this grease rack there was a black Rolls Royce, and right next to it, in the adjoining parking lot, there was a silver Riviera, a brand new one. The grease rack was down very low to the ground, about three feet away, but in such a way that it was crushing part of the right hand side of the Buick Riviera. My girlfriend observed this, and was rather puzzled by the whole thing. There was a large, heavyset woman nearby who appeared as if she were the owner or the manager of the parking lot and my girlfriend said to her that this was a bad, very poor way of parking a car, and this woman gave a look, looked at my girlfriend as if to say, "It's none of your damn business and don't bother me." Throughout this whole dream my girlfriend was very _______________ and very understanding. As a matter of fact, in the beginning she even kind of blamed herself a little bit because of giving me the chocolate cake with nuts in it. There was also, I recall, now that I asked the dentist to, if he could put the teeth back in my mouth because I still had them in my hand. That is if he could somehow cement them back in, and he said no, it wasn't possible, but I don't believe I got rid of them. I kept them. The teeth that came out were two in the front, my two front teeth on the top and several molars in the back. One of the ones in the front, only part of it came off, but enough of it so that at some point in the dream I saw myself in a mirror and this looked quite ghastly. This is what gave rise to the feelings of distress, great feelings of distress that I had. The end of the dream which I just dictated, I don't know if that was the end of the dream, but I woke up at that point where we were just in the parking lot. <br/