REM IV. There was part of this dream that I don't remember too clearly, but I'm at the Howard Johnson restaurant and motel. In the earlier part of this dream I had secured a great deal of money somehow. I think I stole it, but I'm not sure. Really not sure. I  intended to buy a new car. I intended to give it to Rohrer Chevrolet in Camden, N.J. I was at home at this time, and I was thinking of buying a tan 1964 Chevrolet, but then I said to, I believe it was my mother and my niece and nephew, that maybe I could get hold of a new '63 and really make a good savings, but then I thought this wouldn't get us to N.Y. much faster because the car still had to be broken in and we were all going to go to New York because this was where my sister-in-law was, and she just had a baby. Then I think somehow we were on the way to New York. I'm not sure of that, but at any rate, this next scene in the motel pops up where I steal a large package of cups. Now these cups are sitting on the sidewalk next to a storage building. I'm walking down the sidewalk looking at this very large bag of cups. There's a female or male coming at a very great distance. Seeing this I get scared and I pick up this big package of cups and put them on the motor scooter. I'm now driving a motor scooter and ready to go, but before I do this, I look inside the bag and the cups are kind of staggered. I'm taking cups from somewhere else and putting them in the bag, but these cups are smaller than the cups in the bag. Then I say to somebody as I get ready to leave that they're going to have to get to the bank before it closes. It seems there was a bank very nearby. But somehow the reason for wanting to get there is not to steal anything, but to deposit something. When I was at the Howard Johnson restaurant, I was a little extra afraid because Howard Johnson has just passed a new policy, a new administrative policy, whereby they were not going to allow their employees to give away so many cups. They had been giving away far too many.