In this dream I was a waiter. I was hired sort of on an emergency basis since the dinner meal was well in progress when I came in. Someone, possibly the maitre d', handed me an order pad with the orders for one section of the dining room. I went into the kitchen and placed the orders and then someone told me I was needed downstairs at once. I went downstairs to work with another waiter. We were setting up a large room for a cocktail party that was to come off very soon. Soon we were working very frantically setting up glasses and other things. This activity seemingly occupied about 15 to 20 minutes. Then I rushed back upstairs to the dining room, then into the kitchen, and picked up some of my orders which I carried out by hand, i.e., I did not use any tray which is somewhat unusual. At this point I realized what a mess I was in for. The waitress who had taken the orders must have been very green because she only wrote down everyone's entree and put them all on the same order, and therefore I didn't know who got what or what went with each entree. At any rate, as I got to the tables with my armful of orders, I began asking who ordered this and this and each time I would mention one of the courses I was holding. Everyone seemed disgruntled and I took an attitude of "Just let me get this darn food served and to hell with what they think," but I was very calm outwardly. One of the guests complained that his vegetables were not with his entree. I told him I was getting them. After having emptied my arms, I realized what a mess I was in or in the trade that I was up a tree or stuck. I rushed back to the kitchen fighting back a panicky feeling. I quickly told the chef my problem. He was a young Frenchman and very nice. He was not the chief chef. I told him what dishes I needed and I reached for a pile of trays to get one. I first picked up a long (about 3 ft.) narrow (about 8") tray and thought how ridiculous to make a tray like this--so impractical. Yet before I quickly put it down to reach for another, I saw an image of myself having used it and placing it fully loaded on a tray stand so that it hung over about 1 ft. on each end. Then I grabbed several other trays and saw that none were any good to work with. I told him and he threw me a suitable tray from behind the line. Then I quickly called off the orders and he handed me the meat looking at the ____________ time because this was absolutely not allowed. I.e., the chief was supposed to place every order on a plate himself. There were about 7or 8 orders written in longhand. Some were in French. One was a vegetable called Parrish another, and the last thing that transpired in the dream was potatoes elegante. I said, "What are the potatoes elegante?" and he said, "Oh, they are really elegant. They're stuffed with meat." An image of a baked potato with a frankfurter on it arose. At this point the dream ended. <br/