This is a dream from about a week ago. This is a dream that took place about two weeks ago. It takes place in a drug store, and as I walk into the drug store I recognize a girl at the counter who I went to high school with. Next to her in a small cradle of some sort is a child, very young child. I went over to her and asked her, "How are you getting along, and to whom are you married? Who is your husband?" She said something to the extent that, "Well, I can't have one." She couldn't have a husband. I then got the impression of two guys who I knew that had been dating her. Someone at this point carried a large rack of cakes past us. They were all rolls, like jelly rolls, but they were slightly bigger. She continued our conversation and said she had remained alright in spite of the situation. I looked at the baby. It was about 1 year old. This situation, meaning that I felt certain that this was an illegitimate child. Thoughts then of making a play for this girl pass through my mind. She looked into my eyes and asked, "How come you look that way?" I knew she was referring to the dark rings around my eyes. I said, "That's because I've just finished studying for a big exam, and I haven't been getting much sleep for about nine days." Her comment was, "Well!" Then I said, "You should have stayed in school like me and avoided getting involved with anything." She said, "Well, we didn't let them get to either one of us anyway." By this she meant that we really didn't let people get to us anyway and hurt us. The faint impression that she was wrong about herself passed through my mind. For some reason I had to leave and we parted very friendly. I then thought, "I can really make this girl. Then so could anybody else who wants to. So what's the big deal? She's not that hard to make, and why don't you pick someone who's not so easy to make?" While in the drug store I had seen several people there - the waitress who was dressed in a white uniform and the policeman who was dressed in a blue uniform and several customers sitting at the counter. As I left the drug store, the setting was identical to a corner drug store in Audubon, N.J. where I lived for many years. <br/