This dream took place in the Seaside Hotel in Atlantic City, New Jersey, where I was working as a waiter. There was also in the dream a playhouse attached to the hotel. For some reason they were having a play and one of the cast was not able to participate, and I somehow took his place. The play that was being presented was Hamlet, and I was to play Hamlet's brother. That night that the play took place, only the first act was presented and the next two acts were to be presented the next night. I didn't remember the actual play at all. I do remember immediately after the play. Two of the young owners of the hotel, Barbara and Bernie, came back stage and were congratulating everyone, and they especially looked to me and said something to the extent that, "You did a great job. We're very proud of you," or something like that. At this the star of the play turned to me with a very jealous and enraged look on his face, but at this moment the curtain went up for another bow. The audience was cheering quite loudly, and myself and the star took our bows. Then we presumed that that was the last curtain call, and I started to look around for my jacket. It was a green jacket. I couldn't seem to find it. I also remember seeing the audience very clearly as a large group of people. I was looking for my jacket and finally I suppose it was about five minutes later and the theater had pretty much cleared out, and I opened the curtains thinking it might have been left in the orchestra pit or something, and there was a small row of boys left still cheering for some reason. Must have been about 12 of them all sitting very closely together, and there in the orchestra pit I did find my jacket lying on top of the piano. While I was taking one of my curtain calls, a woman in the audience spoke up and asked me if I was a graduate student or an actor, and I said I was only an actor as a hobby. I took this as a rather flattering question. In the beginning of this dream there was something else that preceded this, but in trying to remember the dream while I was still apparently in a sleep-like state, I was trying to recount the events of the dream and just before I started them, I dreamt that Dr. Hall came into my room and said something to the effect that, "Roger, I hear you have a dream." I said, "Yes, I'm trying to remember it now," or something like that, and he somewhat indicated to me that he knew some of the contents of the dream, that he had them typed out on a card, and this rather amazed me because at this point I felt if this was so, then he must have sent them to me by ESP. Having recovered from my amazement, I said, "Well, I'm going to have to try to recall the dream now to get it nice and clear," and I went on to recall the dream, but 10 minutes later I woke up, fully awoke, so apparently this episode was either part of re-dreaming the dream a second time in an attempt to recall it or possibly it was just an additional part of the dream. It's very hard to say. Many of the events that I have described are real life settings such as my having been a waiter at the Seaside Hotel in Atlantic City. In fact, there was a playhouse, not attached to it, but right next to it. It belonged to another hotel and a friend of mine was in a play there, but none of this is really day residue although it all comes from memories of the past.