This dream begins in a courtroom. There's a group of people filing into the courtroom taking their seats, getting ready for the trial. The title of the case is announced and it's something like Brown vs. U.S. or something like that, or Brown vs. some other party. At any rate two of the principal characters that appear first are two women who are in some way related, and they're rather haggard-looking, but they're heavily made up and quite frankly they look like a couple of prostitutes, but they still bear some elements of attractiveness. They seem to be talking with their lawyer, and the other party in the case seems to be a person who is a former lover of one of the girls, or at least used to go with one of the girls. He's on the witness stand. He has a very long, long nose, hooked, like Geo. C. Scott. He's giving testimony and it goes something like this: "Yes, I cared for this girl and I liked her very much. We used to rendezvous on the river or lake in a houseboat. I enjoyed being with her so much that I didn't try to work, although I've never worked in my life, but I didn't care to after this because I enjoyed being with her so much." That's roughly about what he had to say. It then seems the scene switches and it's a kind off flashback to what led to the courtroom trial. In this scene we see the man who's on the witness stand and the one girl who was ______ to rendezvous. They are in some kind of boat, and they're rowing or paddling out to the houseboat. In the boat there seems to be some kind of a heavy sack, something very heavy, and it seems to be essential for their enjoyment that evening. I don't know what it is, but anyway they finally arrive at this houseboat and this trip going across the lake is taking place at night, and it's during the wintertime and there's ice, not ice but rather snow fallen and the houseboat seems to be anchored somewhere near a coastline, but it seems like a deserted coastline sort of like an island in the middle of this lake because right nearby are a lot of debris, dead logs and pieces of wood that seem to have fallen or accumulated there near the island. At any rate as he pulls up alongside, the girl gets out first and seemingly true to his statement that he never works, the girl drags this very heavy sack out of the boat and it strikes me that it weighs about 100 pounds. She's dragging it on up to the front door of this houseboat, which is  very unusual houseboat because it sits very low in the water, and this house is kind of modern looking and furnished very contemporary. There's a fireplace in it, I believe. It had large glass sliding doors and before the guy gets out of the boat, the next scene I remember is someone else, another man has entered the scene. I believe it's my friend Bill and he is explaining to this guy that, yes, his girl's gone. He's not going to tell him how, but she has gone. He's seen to that very quickly. This guy runs all over the houseboat looking for her, ran out the back of it to kind of a back porch, and looks around the river, which is all dark and snowy and seemingly Bill is there to get this guy for something. His first thoughts are, "He's overwrought about the girl being gone." Then finally he realizes that he has to get out of there himself, maybe this way he can find the girl also. So he somehow takes off and Bill takes off after him. The next scene is back on the mainland and it's daytime. They're coming into the large hotel. It seems to me that the guy with the long nose is beginning to seem like me and he starts to walk up an outside staircase that's like the one on the Ashe Administration Bldg. at the university, except it's got, not, it's about like that, yeah, and he's walking up it very slowly like he's trying not to draw attention from Bill who's not too far behind him. Yet I seem to be stepping not from step to step, but landing to landing somehow. On one of the landings I meet someone I know. I engage in an extremely short conversation, I just forget about what, and I look back and I believe Bill is beginning to discover my presence, and he's suspicious of this person he sees climbing up the stairs. So I continue to climb, but I start climbing the stairs and sure enough, Bill runs up to the stairs and I dash into the nearest door into the hotel and I contemplate taking the elevator, which is right inside the door, down, but since I'm on the 4th floor, it would take quite a while for the elevator to come up because it's on the 1st floor. This elevator looks just like one that's in a building on I don't remember the name of the road, it's 42nd Avenue. It looks just like this elevator, and anyway, I decide that if I wait until the elevator comes up, he may catch me, so in the meantime a Negro porter who works in the hotel -- possibly a bellboy -- has come upstairs and he pushes the elevator button, but I just run past him and this is the beginning of a very grand chase through the hotel. I recall running through a hallway and around a bend, hallway curves, and there's a woman with her two children and her mother. She seemed Italian. She seems to recognize me and I say something to her like, "I can't talk to you now," and I continue to run by. The next scene I recall clearly is running up to an area near a stairway and I stop to rest, and a Negro woman who is also an employee of the hotel, and I believe she's a waiter, but she has bedspreads over her arm, making me think in the dream she is a housemaid, I mean a, well, at any rate she says to me that, "Why did you leave? You know there was a young girl here in the hotel that was interested in you. A lot of people missed you. This girl was going to stay only because you were here, and I've got some tips for you that people left." This whole conversation then seems to induce in me feelings that I was not too long ago a waiter at this hotel, and it seems to me this is a hotel in Atlantic City where I was a waiter. It doesn't necessarily resemble it though. I have taken off one hat that I have on and there's a small cap on underneath the hat. I'm sitting down on the carpet and this woman is sitting in some kind of a chair or the sofa next to me. I'm looking kind of over her lap at the elevators, watching for Bill. Sure enough I see him appear and I take off again. I run downstairs to what appears to be a very old synagogue or some kind of a religious meeting place. It must be a synagogue. It was very dark because all the wood is all mahogany or walnut or something, it was all very dark. The pews as dark as the walls, the altar, the heavy old-fashioned staircase leading down to it. I'm down there and somehow Bill enters from a different way, from the ground floor. I dash through the building and through this room and upstairs and as I get upstairs, lo and behold, there's a lock on the door with a key in it, and it's on the outside so that I can lock the door, and Bill will be stuck downstairs. I just casually turn the key and kind of "that's that" sort of attitude. I dash out the back door, run over to a car and started to take off. Then that's where the dream ended. <br/