There is a previous part to the dream which I do not remember. The part I do remember began at night. It took place in the city of Camden, N.J., my home town. I was driving a lightweight Honda motorcycle. It was the lightest one they made. The purpose of what I was driving to, my friend Bill's house which was outside the city of Camden where I was to meet with him and another friend of ours for dinner. It seems to have had something to do with the previous part of the dream in that I had been talking with Bill and this other friend of ours about the arrangements for dinner. I'm not completely certain of that. At any rate, I was driving around and getting very aggravated because I was beginning to get lost. After a while I believe I asked someone for directions and they gave them to me, and without too much help I got lost again. About I did finally end up near a street that was vaguely familiar. At this point I ran into Bill's brother who was somehow there. For some reason or other he was there. I told him what I was doing and would he please tell me how to get back to his house. For some reason or other he said, "I'm not certain," or something like that. I said, "Well now, isn't this street here the one-way street that leads into the bridge and the street beyond it the street that leads out from the bridge?" This bridge being the Benjamin Franklin Bridge. He said, "No, no, it doesn't work like that." There was a friend with him who agreed and I said, "Well no, you're wrong. It's absolutely true that is the one-way street that leads to the bridge and the other one leads away from the bridge." The more we argued about this, the more surprised I was that they didn't agree with me because this was an absolute fact. Somehow or another we finally parted company and I proceeded on my way. As I proceeded, I came upon a street that is just slightly within the, or slightly beyond the area of the toll gates o the bridge, but nevertheless you can take this tiny road that leads past the toll gate without paying toll because they realize that this is still within the city limits of Camden. It's a very narrow winding little road, but as I began to take it, somehow or other it was beginning to be daylight and a group of boys on bicycles began to more or less get in front of me, on the side of me and behind me, and I became surrounded, enmeshed in this group of cyclists. Finally we got through this street and came upon a street corner on which there was a store, I believe, and all these cyclists began to park their cycles and I became entrapped and unable to get out. As I tried to ply my way through on foot pushing my motor scooter, which I believe had a blue gas tank, I just began to get very frustrated. There were so many of them and they were parking their bikes so close that I couldn't seem to wade my way through. They were all French, the boys. Finally after making some slight headway, I came upon a person who seemed to be in charge. I made conversation and as it turned out, these were a group of young boys from France and this was their commander who was actually in charge of a private school. These being the students of that school and they were on a bicycle tour of the United States. Somehow I thought it would be the perfect thing to do to engage him in a short conversation in spite of the fact that I did want to get away and get off to meet my friends for dinner. He was bald-headed and reminded me of the candidate for Governor in California, Al Cranston, in appearance. He began to tell me about this school, and he also introduced me to his second in command, a younger man, but still considerably older than the others. He was about my age. He was his right hand man, so to speak. This young man, it's not too clear except that he was very hairy and yet it was still obvious that even though he was hairy that he had acne over his chest. Then the commander, the leader of the group, told me that he used to run a military school in which he was the commander and his right hand man had been what you would call a commander's commander, but he meant this as a lower echelon position, not as a higher one. He told me that he did not run it any longer as a military school. The reasons were not quite clear as to why he had made this change. Nevertheless, we continued this conversation and I was getting quite aggravated in a way and I was being polite. Then there seemed to be a slight change of scene. Inasmuch as I wanted to get rid of this fellow after a while, this slight change apparently provided the opportunity because all of a sudden I was in the presence of Dr. Hall, and this gentleman, Monsieur something or other, began with a D, he and Dr. Hall became engaged in conversation. Dr. Hall asked me, "Do you know any of the other guys?" and he said, I forget his answer. Then they began to talk about Europe and made references to various places to which they had both been or were familiar with. Then Dr. Hall said something, "Well you can speak any one of the 16 languages that you speak," and he said, "Yes, it's true, but I don't usually." At any rather they continued in this conversation, and it wasn't long thereafter that the dream ended. Throughout this dream there were a couple of times when I had difficulty in shifting the gears of this Honda. They were three or our gears, I forget which, but I was quite angry because a couple of times they seemed to just lock and I couldn't shift them. So I would have to push them, push the motorcycle. The motorcycle was of such a nature that it could have been their biggest motorbike or their lightest motorcycle. It's rather hard to believe. The roadway through which I had to go to get beyond the toll area of the bridge, one small section of it was cast in a red light or actually painted red. That is the roadway in the curves. As I was talking with the commander a little earlier in the dream, I was wondering, although I think this was just before I woke up and as I was talking with Dr. Hall. I was thinking what a shame he and his boys couldn't see the, or I felt hadn't seen the west because if they were traveling around the country on bicycles, it didn't seem right that they could cycle quite that far. I presumed that they might just cover some of the eastern states. I was thinking of all the things I could say to them about how beautiful the west was and how unusual and how different from the east. He wouldn't have seen a true representative, a picture of the United States unless he actually had been there out west. What else strikes me as I was getting frustrated and trying to wend my way through this multitude and bikes being parked around this store, all these boys despite blocking me in were very polite and very courteous. I would say these boys ranged in age from about 12-17 perhaps. I recall they were mostly dressed in white. I think most of the bicycles were white. The strange part of this dream is that I'm quite familiar with the city of Camden and even at night it would be a very rare thing for me to get lost, although I do not know all the names of the main streets throughout the whole city, I can easily find my way, and it would be most unusual, especially in the area in which I finally ended up, that I would become lost. Another strange thing was the argument that I had with Bill's brother and his friend that there were these two specific roads leading to and from the bridge. In fact, they really are, and they were maintaining that this was not so. Even though this dream took place in Camden, N.J. and seemed to be in, slightly in the past, the fact that all of a sudden the leader was engaged in conversation with Dr. Hall did not appear strange to me. The notion that I was riding a Honda is perhaps due to the advertisement on the radio that I constantly hear, the tune of which I actually like. The whole way the advertisement is done I've thought about it as being well done. This group of cyclists, there is nothing that's happened in the last day or two, but however quite a while ago having read, as a matter of fact, it was in the city of Philadelphia. Yes, I recall cycling about the city and they were from Europe, and I actually saw them one day cycling through the center of the city. It must have been a group of about twenty of them. They were from France. It was a rather impressive sight because it was something you don't often see in Philadelphia. Their commander appeared like Alan Cranston, I guess it was just due to the fact that I've read about him recently in the papers, and I was surprised to read that he's a stronger candidate than I had originally anticipated he would be inasmuch as Pierre Salinger has actually lost ground to Cranston, and just the reversal would probably be true.