My wife and I were living in an apartment, the bedroom of which opened out to a courtyard on the other side of a small store fence which surrounded the courtyard. A teacher (professor) gave lectures to his class. He (the teacher) could see into our bedroom and it appeared that he spent more time looking into our bedroom than at his class. My wife complained about this. We were both in the same bed, and I looked up and he was watching us. So I went out into the courtyard and told him to mind his own business (words were exchanged and I got the best of him verbally, although I can't remember the exact argument). Later a girl in a yellow dress told me that this same professor said I was sleeping with a woman other than my wife. He said that is what he saw. I went out in the courtyard again, but the class he was teaching went into an uproar and laughed at me. I went back into the house and into my desk and got my .22 automatic and walked out with it under my shirt. The students gathered around when they saw I had a gun under my shirt. So I took the gun out and held it in the open. I was walking down a cobblestone street looking for the professor. The students (boys and girls my age dressed in many colors) tried to dissuade me. They got close and I fired a shot at their feet. The shot was weak, more like a b-b gun than a .22. someone mentioned this fact in the crowd, so I fired a few more times and the .22 acted more like a .22 than a b-b gun. I found the teacher walking down the street with two of his friends (both rude, all of them older than myself). I fired a shot in front of him and was going to fire another shot, but I realized I was out of ammunition. (The gun clicked empty.) So I tried a bluff. I went over to him and told him to take back the lie about my sleeping with someone other than my wife. He refused. I gave him the count of ten to change his mind. He refused and closed his eyes. I counted down from 10-9-8-7-6-5. At the count of ______ or between 3 and 4, I placed the barrel of the gun against his forehead. He was visibly shaken. At the count of 2, he said he would change his story and then said he couldn't really tell who was sleeping with me. With a little further argument, he said it must have been my wife. Then the alarm went off.