We were at my house, and these people from up north came to visit us. There were approximately 4 women and my girl, and these women constituted my aunt and her friend and my girl and her mother. My girl didn't know my aunt being they weren't related. So they came to our house at night and supposedly they came a year ago too, but this time they came they expected to go out and my father refused to go out. So we were all at the supper table, and they were hoping to go out to drive around the town, but my father wouldn't go. So I got real mad and went in the bedroom. I was sleeping on the floor. Everyone else was mad, but I tried to get attention, but nobody would listen to me. They just went in and out, in and out. So finally everybody wanted me to get dressed, to put on some other clothes. So I was outside taking some clothes off the line and I went back inside the house, and they almost decided to go out. So I was in the bedroom and I couldn't make up my mind what kind of shoes to put on. They were either brown loafers or black loafers. And then we ate supper. We had some kind of meatball stuff. So we were eating supper and my girl was mad at me, and her mother didn't say anything about my aunt and uncle. My 2 aunts were mad at my father. They said they weren't going to come again and all kinds of stuff like that. They said that I caused half the trouble. So I just went back inside and I was looking at some more shoes in my closet. I went back into the bedroom to look for more shoes in my closet. It was mentioned in the dream, the beginning of the dream, that the same incident occurred a year ago in the dream when everyone came in to visit my father and he wouldn't go out. When I got mad and went in the bedroom, I was half laying on the bed and half on the floor. My feet were on the floor, and I couldn't lay on the bed completely because there were a lot of cameras, a lot of fur coats and other articles of clothing. During the supper time my father was wearing a white shirt and a blue pair of working pants and white socks and a blue pair of canvas shoes. The whole evening my father was quite satisfied and he couldn't understand why everyone was mad at him was because he didn't want to go out. When I was in the bedroom I was just retreating from where they were in the livingroom because I was sick of the whole argument that they were having and someone came in and told me to go outside and put some other clothes on so we could get ready and go out which we eventually didn't. Some of the specific things that were mentioned were someone told me that I may as well come into the living room and eat my supper. The base of the whole dream and my general feeling was that everyone was mad at my father for not going out because everyone expected to go out, but he just didn't see any reason why it was necessary. He just wanted to stay home. Someone said distinctly that they weren't going to come again, and they didn't even have a decent supper. The setting of the dream was our house, but it's not our real house like it was in real life. It was just our house in the dream, but the clothes line was the clothes line like we had in our real life.