I was on Flagler Street by my house and I was going toward my house in my car. Then I stopped the car and saw all these girls that were on the corner. They had real short short short on, real sexy looking. They were young. They were only about 16 or 17, and I was just looking at them. One of them, she had a pair of greenish shorts on. She was by this street sign that said what street it was. She started doing pushups on the sidewalk, and they were looking at me and sort of giggling, all kinds of stuff. So I crossed Flagler Street and it seemed that I ended up at the dormitories of the University of Miami. There was a bunch of my friends there that were in a fraternity, and I was talking to them about these girls. They were all eating cake. I didn't feel like cake, so I wanted to get some beer. So I asked a friend of mine how the beer was, and he said it was alright. So one of them went next door to get some beer, but where they went was a U Tote Em, which is right by my house again. So this dream went from the university to, in other words, the U tote Em was right by the dorm, but it was actually right by my house. So they went over there by the dorm, but it was actually right by my house. So they went over there and we had beer and were just sitting around, just talking. Then the scene seems to have changed and I was with a good friend of mine who's been in some of my other dreams. He isn't in the fraternity. All of my fraternity brothers seem to have disappeared and we were in a show. We were sitting in a show and the lobby was very large, a large lobby. There were these girls sitting in the movie yelling at us, giggling and all that. We just left. Then we found ourselves back in this U Tote Em store which is like a 7-11, but it seems to have changed because there are little counters, booths where you could sit down. So he was sitting with his girlfriend. She went to Barry College. We were drinking beer again and he kept bothering her so they were just talking around, talking. So then the scene changed again, and I was sitting with him alone. She wasn't there. This girl that I seen around, I wouldn't know her name, she was a prostitute, and she charged about $10. So there was this new apt. house across the street from the U tote Em. So she sat down with my friend and I. She was sitting next to my friend. I was going to pay the $10, but he was just sitting there talking. So we had a bill that came to $10, or his bill came to $10. There was a man next to us and he was in charge of a cash register and he was just sitting. He wasn't at a counter. He was at another table. So she took this bill over to him. She took my friend's bill and he crossed out $10 and he put $8. This was to do him a favor so she could drum up business and gave him a break on the beer. This bill I can remember vividly. It had $10 crossed out on the bottom and I think it was 800,000. She had 8 and 5 zeroes, but it was supposed to be $8. I don't know why there were quite a few zeroes down there. She was there and I was there. I was getting ready to go with her. Then she scene seemed to change again. We were in the same place, but my friend's girl was back and they were just talking. She was drinking beer again. We didn't seem to move from our seats. It was just a different person there. That was the end of the dream except I can remember this prostitute. I don't know who she was. She had a yellow dress, a real bright yellow and that was it.