I also had another dream. This took place at the university, definitely not ours, in which Dr. Munson, the Social Science Director, out at the university, was in charge of it. He was a pretty popular man and every time he showed up somewhere, there was a big crowd that gathered and TV cameras and people trying to ask him opinions. All this happening. The scene opened onto a thing like this. After this we went back to our room, my roommates and I, none of which are people I know in actual life, and we were sort of talking about this and pretty soon we noticed a big commotion in the hall a few rooms down. We went down there, and this is a big room, and Dr. Munson was in there with a whole bunch of people. We walked in and thought we would try to talk to him or something. We couldn't get anywhere near him. Well, we talked to a few other people in the room and everybody was quite surprised at me because I came in with my electrodes on. Evidently a little bit of the lab here somehow got mixed into my dream. This was a big joke and it was quite funny to everybody, and the TV camera switched around to take a picture of me to tell them my story. Then the scene shifts and we went back and were watching the TV set for while. Dr. Munson was giving out a few awards. He was giving out some awards for achievement in sports and all that. I sort of hoped I was going to get one, but I didn't. I knew I couldn't. Then the scene shifts again and Dr. Munson and a few of his close friends or aides are in part of the school building, which they are thinking of replacing or modernizing. This very strongly represents the courtyard at Viscaya with Dr. Munson standing up in one of the corners on a upper level. At the time it was full of students, about 5,000 probably were in the lower courtyard and in the upper seated around, and they were talking about, as I said, modernizing this building. Dr. Munson then got up and assured all the students that they would not at all be cheap in this modernizing and they would give them the best possible building that money could buy. The scene shifts again. It's night and I'm in somebody else's room, I don't know whose. I've got a rope ladder in there that I've taken off one of the playing fields around the college. I guess I've stolen it. Anyway, I'm thinking of throwing it out the window and climbing down. I'm on the second or third floor of this building. I'm looking out the window and have the ladder in my hand. A light hits me in the eyes. I drop to the floor. I don't know why. I just drop to the floor. It's a reflex action. I was behind the bed, and I take a peek out the window and it's a policeman. I don't think I really have too much to be afraid of from the policeman. The rope ladder doesn't worry me much. I can always hide that. So I stand up, take a look at him, and the light hits me again in the eyes. So I just stand there and he comes jumping out and he's got a pistol in his hand, points it right at me, asks me what I was doing. I said, "I'm not doing anything, just looking at you." He says, "Alright, stay right there. I want to talk to you." I do and I keep the rope ladder under some paper and pretty soon he comes up, and I let him in, and he's saying he's sorry he frightened me that way. He said they were looking for somebody who was stealing books or something. I said ok. He never asked for an I.D. card or anything. He left. This is about then where the dream ended. On this dream again I don't have any idea where it came from None of the characters are familiar except Dr. Munson. I really can't say what the meaning of it is either. Both of these last two dreams were for the most part pleasant. I do remember some color in the turkey and the rough grouse in the 1st dream. They were natural, which is a brown with some red, a beautiful green, just a bunch of colors. I can't really describe it. Take a look at a picture of a wild turkey sometime. The only color I can remember in the other dream is the color of my wires. That's the only thing I was conscious of. The dream involving Dr. Munson was actually the first one I dreamt, and it seemed to last quite a long time. I would say at least 20 minutes. The other one was shorter, perhaps 10 or even 15.