I was with a friend of mine, Jan, who came down here to the lab last night. I brought him down to take a look at it. I was out in my car and I was having trouble. I had to jack up the rear end of the car to change the tires. I guess I had to change two tires, both of them on one side. We also had along my roommate's scout, which is more or less like a jeep. I don't know how it came along or who was driving it. Anyways, it was there. I remember one thing, the car went into a ditch. I guess that was intentional because then we could tip the thing and get at the wheels. I didn't work out too well. I remember the scout was also in the ditch, and it was full of water. When I pulled back the matting on the bottom of the thing, I pulled out some drain plugs to let the water drain out. This is something that is not in the scout right now, and it fills with water every time it rains, and I keep telling my roommate that he should do it, put in these things, but evidently on this trip they were in there. We went to a farm house. And now it was the scout that seemed to be having the troubles and my car disappeared from the scene. I backed up onto an extremely steep ramp and there both rear wheels were exposed and we could do our work on them very easily. The farmer that came out just wondered what we were doing and we told him and he said, "That's all right, go ahead." I guess we finished whatever we had to do. Then I went and talked to the farmer. He was a young man about 25 or 27. He wasn't saying too much. I told him that I had worked on a farm and loved it. This didn't get much of a rise out of him though. Then I told him that I noted that he had Holstein cows. We thought a Holstein cow was the only way to legally water down milk. This made him split a gut, he was really laughing. He really thought this was funny. Just in the way of explanation, Holstein cows have a very low butter fat content in milk. In fact, it's lower than the minimum standard permitted by the state. We left the farm house and in the next scene I was alone in a very large house which was full of lamps and couches and all kinds of things. I guess I was an interior decorator's house. I remember in particular he had two small girls and they were playing near staircases and there was no railing around these and I kept wondering why they didn't fall. It didn't seem to bother him at all. There was a lack of protection for them. They never did fall. There was also something about me doing some work on my car there, and when I was through I remember I came back into the house and handed him back his shirt evidently which I had been wearing. I don't remember  ever taking off mine. I just remember handing him back his. It was a sports shirt, cotton sport shirt. After I came out of the house. I drove off and had to come back. I remembered something. I can't remember what it was, but I ran over and saw his daughter. His daughter was sitting in a group with three other women and speaking German. I have had very little German and I couldn't do much in the way of conversation with her, but she spoke in English and said something. I went back to the house and got something and then left. The way I was going, however, I thought I knew the way back. It was an expressway, more or less. There was about a 45-mile speed limit, but I was doing much faster than this. I was unhappy because my car seemed rather sluggish. In fact, a motor scooter passed me. Well, this motor scooter, which was a Vespa with two guys on it, slowed down and they talked to a, the driver talked to a black and white '57 Chevy. Then the Chevy dropped back to me. In it was the daughter that I had just talked to. She said, "I thought you knew your way back to the university." And I said, "So did I, but I guess I'm wrong." She said, "Well, continue on straight ahead." When I got up there, I saw that I had just made a complete circle because there was a toll booth I had just gone through. When I got up there, she explained what had happened. I pulled a $20 bill out of my wallet and 2 guys in the toll booth both grabbed it and they both handed me back a $10 bill, slapped me on the back and said ok. I said, "What happened," you know, because I got back all the money. He said, "We're letting you go through free," or excuse me, an 8-year-old boy said that to me who was also in the toll booth. I guess one of them in there was his father. So I said, "Great," but before I started out, another car came up and a guy asked me for change. I remember him handing me some, but I also remember him scraping his little finger through my wallet. I know he didn't get any bills, but I remember I thought he pulled out a 25 cent piece or something, but I had change all over the seat from something. I said, "Oh, the heck with it," and drove on. I was on a large expressway and had the car up to 85. I was listening to WFUN, the Rick Farragen show, I guess it was, and he just won some contest and just about this point I woke up. Hall: REM II, good recall, unusual features of the dream, backing cars into ditches and up the ramp at the farmer's house. Time for the dream, present time. A little anxiety in the dream. The blue Vespa for color, black car. An unfamiliar setting. The day residue: Ed brought Jan down to the Institute to look at the place. About 15 minutes to dream.