This dream seems to have taken place quite a bit in the past, almost in, let's say, the 17 hundreds just for the heck of it. The beginning of the dream is a little weird. There's a scene of people all gathered around a snowy hill, all in a very happy mood, watching a barrel. A metal barrel about six feet in diameter and 10 ft. long with a bunch of kids in it sliding down a hill. This is quite a great convention and down comes a man roaring down on a barrel stay and goes over a ski jump. He falls flat on his face. Everybody roars down the hill and they are all on barrel stay skis too. It turns out most of them go over the jump and land right on top of him. They pull him up and brush the snow off him.  Everybody as I say is in a real jolly mood. The thing is for skiing on this place, you always had to hike back up the hill. Because this is a little bit hard, it would make things so much easier if they had an automatic way to get up the hill, a ski-lift. The guy that everybody just skied over on top of things, he's going to build one. He's going to have the idea. The next thing he does, he goes over and takes a look at where they have put some logs up to hold a bank back, the idea being that he is going to try to make a ski lift on much the same principle. That is, taking a bunch of logs and building a straight inclined plane right up the slope, and then attaching a rope at the bottom so it can pull up, let's say a cart or something so you can always get up the hill and ski easily. Now it suddenly becomes dinner time, and everybody begins to leave the scene. Myself and another few people are left talking there about this invention when one of the members happens to hit a tree. A turkey, a wild turkey comes out of the brush. Well, he's in real thick underbrush and can't really do much, so we want to get him for dinner. I go around in back and poke at him with a ski pole while the other members of the party get in front of him and grab him. This is an old man and an old woman. They get him and they take him back. The scene shifts to a barn, and in this there's a bird about the size of a partridge or rough grouse. I start going after this one. Finally I corner the thing and grab it. Take that in too. Also in there I find a chicken, after some work and holding onto the rough grouse, I get the chicken too. I manage to come back with both of these and in a pretty jovial mood. I bring these into a big kitchen which is somewhat of a modern kitchen. There the lady of the house has got a small chicken she has just bought in one of the stores, and she likes the thing a lot because of the way it's been dressed. She thinks it is a very good buy. Here the dream ends. I have no idea where the dream came from or any interpretation of it. The characters well all unfamiliar. I was not the principle character. The principle character I would say was the man who was trying to build the ski lift. There were several people in the dream. The woman who was happy about the chicken seemed to have been my mother. I'm not sure about this. This is just the impression I got.