This one happened when I was out selling brushes, and I had one customer. All she liked to do was talk. She would get me into her apt. and talk. I talked with her I think for three quarters of an hour the first day I went out. I thought, "Boy, I'm really going to get a sale when I go back." I was real nice to her. She said she was quite sure she would buy something the next time I came around.  Well, I knocked on her door and she was very happy to see me. She let me in and said, "Sit down." She started right over to a table, and I thought, "Oh boy, this is wonderful. She's going to have me write out orders." Then she started talking about a car accident she was in, how she was getting insurance now. This rather perturbed me because I thought I was going to get a sale, and so I began to try to sell her some things and remind her of things she might need. She sort of looked at me and laughed, and said there wasn't a thing she needed, and I wasn't going to get a sale at all. She went on and I finally made the excuse that I had to get to work because I didn't make money that day. She said ok and went next door to her daughter's apartment. Now I was just going out as she opened the door to this apartment. It was dark, Victorian decorated. Her daughter was going to the supermarket, and some woman asked her to buy her a brush, a hair brush. I was about halfway down the stairs at this time, and this got me a little mad. I said, "What's wrong with a Fuller brush?" She said, "Oh, they don't make the kind I like." I said, "We make three kinds. Have you tried them all or seen them all?" She said no. She wasn't aware that we had all those kinds. So I came back up and I showed her the catalogue. She found the kind she wanted. She was somewhat reluctant, but she said, "Ok, you can order this one for me." Finally I got my sale from her, and the dream ended there. The dream probably just stems from my desire to get a sale, especially from this woman because I was quite disturbed the second time I came back to her, about a week ago, and I didn't get a sale from her. As I said, this was a short dream. It probably only lasted five minutes. I do remember some color, certainly in the catalogue there was one of the pink brushes, the yellow page. I guess that's about all.