I didn't have this dream immediately. It was a while back, and I'm not too clear on all the details, but I'll do as best I can. The dream took place on a farm I worked on last summer and the summer before. I think when it started I was driving my car around, that is the present car I own now. I remember parking it in the front yard. It had a lawn there and a stream, but they don't have one in actuality though. There were several other people working there. All of them my age. I can't place any of them right now. They seem to be some of my friends. I seem to know them all anyway. I was working out in the fields most of the day. After working for a few hours, I stopped and was doing something. I could have been working on the car. I'm not sure. At any rate, I wasn't working for the boss. Soon after this, it seemed everybody gathered in the front yard, and everybody was just fooling around, playing games as it were. I remember there was a very large, well like a weather balloon. They were kicking back and forth. I joined in this also. Then I waited on the sidelines with another friend of mine because I knew we shouldn't be doing this. We should be working. The boss came out then. He didn't seem too mad, but he wanted to know how to get everybody back to work. I just suggested that he say no pay unless you get back to work. He said it and everybody got back to work. I was just about to go to work then. I looked at my car and noticed it was all covered with sand. The hood was up. I looked around inside. I was afraid perhaps that somebody dropped sand down the carburetor or filled up the air cleaner with it. There was sand around there, but all the fittings were tight, so no sand could get into it. So I put the hood down and went back to work. Then the scene shifts to a room in the farm house and I was working on a term paper. This term paper was on the development of automobiles. On the European style vs. the American style. I can remember doing a report on these and taking pictures out of a booklet that I had then subjecting it to the farmer to read. For some reason I was passing it to him. Maybe it was just for approval. I'm not sure. At any rate, he liked it and the dream seemed to have ended there. I really can't interpret this too well. He seemed to be consistent or acted just the way he always does. I noticed that his children never appeared in the dream, and they were certainly always around the farm house when I was back there. As for colors I do remember vividly the grass was kind of green, and the big beach ball, weather balloon that we were kicking around was brown. It was very much like a basketball except it was rather large. 