There's something in this dream, there's a large city. I won't say for sure but it reminds me of Boston to some degree. It could be New York. It could be anyplace. I'm a Fuller Brush man again. This time selling very much in the center of a city, apartments. The dream started when my boss picked me up to take me to my area to sell. I remember I parked my car, met him, and he took me a couple of miles through the city. He wants to go down expressways to this area that I was to sell in. In his car he had 2 daughters about 4 or 5 years of age. I can't remember too much of the details of the actual selling. It didn't seem as if it were too successful though. As I say, I was in apartment houses. After it was all over, I met him again and we started back. I remember he was telling me not to be too worried about the way I did because that area was quite hard to sell in any way. Then we started back on some expressway. We reached a very large hill and started down it. I remember he put the brake on to slow ourselves down because he was going about 70 miles an hour going down this hill. Just as he put the brake on, he seemed to almost just collapse. He moved forward and hit his head on the windshield, then just slumped down in the seat. Well, this threw the car out of control. I remember I didn't panic at all. I just merely reached over and grabbed the wheel. I kept us going straight. Then I had to push myself over on the seat and somehow managed to get him out of the way so I could get a hold of the brake pedal. This took a while, but I finally reached it and just as I was beginning to put the brake down to slow us down I woke up. I just might mentioned a few other things. The car we were driving was a '55 Ford. This is not the car that Moss has. He has a Corvair. Also the hill we were going down is certainly no place in Boston or no place else I've ever seen before. This is a monstrous hill. In front of us there were 2 trucks, so if we had gone out of control, it would have been quite bad. The daughters in the front seat, they were also in the front seat with me. There were 4 of us in the front seat, and they were frightened, but not too frightened. I guess that's about all. A few more things I remember about the dream. It was really cold, which was another thing that made me think it was a northern city. Also we were going down this hill, I can remember I was trying to get the car into neutral also. I don't know why, but I sort of tried to do it without the clutch too--just tried to pull the gear shift lever into neutral. It was a standard shift car. As for emotions in the dream, I would say it was fairly neutral even right up to the point where we were going down this hill. I can remember when this first happened. I thought what a terrible situation we were in, but then I controlled myself. I just said, "Don't panic." I just calmly tried to grab the wheel and push my boss out of the way so I could get to the brake pedal.