The setting of this dream is dreamland. Not this one. In fact its setting is a house, but it was a wooden house, 3 stories. The basement is very much the same. That's where the subjects sleep. I can remember sleeping there for a few nights and then seeing a list of about 30 names and the things that each one of us being used were to prove or disprove. I was being used to test the theories of one man. Some of the people were being tested on 3 different theories at once. The time was close to the end of the school semester, right next to vacation, summer vacation, and I was fairly interested in seeing if I could get a ride home. I remember going out and looking around. First going into, well, what started out to be a sports car. It turned out to be a walk-in truck. In other words, what I first saw was a sports car, but I went inside and the thing was monstrous. It had the dimensions of a walk-in truck. The inside was rather funny. The driver's compartment was completely screened off, not just screened. It had a wall around it and a small wooden door that you got in and out of. This was on a lower level. This is a two-story car. It had a right hand drive. On the left hand side there were two high-backed chairs side by side. Going upstairs in this thing, there was a set of controls up there more or less like a, the same idea as the controls of a flying bridge on a power boat out here. I remember asking the owners of this vehicle if they were going back up north, meaning somewhere around New York at the end of the year. They said they were and they were interested in a rider and I told them that I had quite a lot of stuff, and they said that would rather throw me out because they couldn't take much. I said alright. I think I'm probably going to use my own car, but in case I don't I would like to line up a ride. Then there's something a little hazy and then I remember having to get something and walking down to a man who is in charge of housing, I guess. He was also in a truck, walk-in truck. All around him were guys sleeping. I guess they were drunks because it more or less looks as if they had just been thrown there in a pile. There were several piles of these guys just sleeping and they were in the weirdest positions. I don't know, it just looked as if they were stiff and had just been piled the way they were in perfectly wonderful, blissful sleep. This guy who was in the truck had something to do with housing, was really having a hard time fighting off going to sleep himself. He did not have what I wanted and so I returned to the house or the dream lab and there I saw, first I was talking with a friend, and then another boy came in, and he said his name was Canon or something like that. So I came over and asked if he knew a friend of mine named Canon, and he said actually his name wasn't Canon. It was Cramer. No, it wasn't that either. It was something close to Cantor, but it wasn't Cantor. He said it was a new name. The sweatshirt he had on was an advertisement for the religion Christian Science. My mother's a Christian Scientist, and she tried to bring me up as one, but it didn't work out that way. He was also working in a dream lab. I was talking to him. He was about to go upstairs for something. As I was talking to him, I showed him this list of subjects we're doing that I mentioned a few minutes ago. Then he showed me what he was doing or told me. He was testing out the theories of some woman, I can't remember who. Just about at this point I woke up.