The group of us had just heard something about Africa, a talk. We were thinking of going there. My grandfather had evidently been ____________________. He had some relations living with him at the time, but it seems as if one of them died. He was about a 75-year-old man. I found myself, plus a few other people, were going on a trip, but before we went, my mother wanted me to go over and ask my grandfather about the feasibility of our family going to Africa. We were in a 1955 Plymouth. So we went over there and I was appointed to ask him. When I first got in, he was busy talking with a doctor. The doctor, I guess, was just giving him a little examination and also talking about the glories of Africa. It also seems that the doctor was something like a vacuum cleaner salesman, but that's a little foggy, and I can't quite remember it. When the doctor finally got through talking to my grandfather, I asked him about Africa and taking my parents. He said a very emphatic no. He said my mother cold never live there. He said there were too many snakes. He said that you live net to a big zoo because they had caged animals, but he said the only way you could live down there was to shoot and kill the food, and he didn't think my mother would ever get along. I went back to the car. It seems as if my mother had gone on to a camp we were staying at and the car had come back and it had 2 other guys and myself so that there were 3 in all, but we drove a ways and then we came to a large zoo, just like the one my grandfather described in Africa. It almost seems as if we were in Africa. We looked around there for a while, and then there were 3 African people who came up to the car and wondered if we were going back to camp. We said we were, so they asked for a ride. The car started back for camp, and I remember we were all rather tired as it had been a long trip. The guys said to stop at the next bar and get a drink. I was a little worried because I knew my mother wouldn't like it if she smelled it, and also we had one guy that I was sure was under 21. Now for this scene it seemed to be sort of in the United States because there were tobacco fields and the billboards were in English. There was one lipstick billboard and therefore red lips on the girl. Just about this time the alarm went off.