The earliest thing I can remember was coming on to an old farm which looked as if it had all been closed down. It was located in Vermont, supposedly in the center of the state. The dream for some reason seems to be taking place in the past. I looked around the farm for a while and then went to the edge of a steep bank. There's a file? built near the bank and I looked over the bank and there were 3 large sailboats. Two of them had 3 masts and one of them had 2. They were, one was way over a 100 ft. The smallest was about 50 ft. I was looking at these, I remember, and I noticed a penny just down over this bank. I reached down to get it and it was a 1916 penny in perfect condition, just like it had come right out of the mint, and I thought, "Oh boy, here's a valuable penny," so I picked it up and put it in my pocket. Then as I was standing there, it seemed as if I dropped a camera that I had with me. Excuse me it was an exposure meter, and this broke and as I was picking up the pieces 2 men came around the trail. I saw them long before they saw me, but I realized there was no way I could get away from them without them seeing me, so I just stood there. They were a little surprised and asked me if I had permission to be on the property and I said no, I was just interested in the place, and they didn't seem to be too mad. Then they asked me if I had a key to the barn. I said, "No, I don't know what you're talking about." He said, "Well, come on in." He opened the door and it was just filled with camera equipment. We were, I guess, on the 2nd story. "Remember," I said, "this barn was built back into the hill, and so in other words you entered about in the center of the barn." There was a man taking some pictures in a studio, which was down below us and then it was like one big camera shop for the rest of the place. I was just walking through. I was amazed at all the cameras that were there. They were for the most part Japanese makes. I can't remember much which one now. It was a familiar one to me. I remember I walked over to a bin of used cameras and I noticed an old Polaroid camera, but it was made by Ansco, which doesn't make Polaroid cameras. This really surprised me and I looked over it for a long time. The thing was so rotten, I doubt if it would take pictures. I told him I couldn't afford anything right then, but I was interested in seeing some of his prices. He showed me a catalogue and he picked out one item which I had, which was a telephoto lens and he said he could get it for me for $25. I paid about $32 for it, so it was a pretty good price. Then I decided I would have to leave and as I went out the door, I was bending over looking around the steps for some parts to my exposure meter, which I hadn't picked up, and I found them all and then I went to my car and I went back home. Now there was a lot more to this dream that had to do with what happened back home with the car. I just can't remember it, though. I do remember one other scene in the camera store, though. A boy about 15 came in with a camera that he wanted fixed. It was just a simple box camera, and the guy said he would do it for $2,and the whole bottom was broken out of it. I was rather surprised they cold do it for this price. He did. Then another boy came in and bought a rather expensive 35 mm. camera. For some reason this property, instead of being just a farm, was the estate of a very rich man who had died, and the property was just no longer in use. As I mentioned, the boats were there, and they seemed to belong to him. They had some symbolism or something like that of a manufacturing empire. It seemed to be textiles, though I didn't see a textile mill around. Vermont used to have a lot of textile mills and a lot of them are closed down in many of the towns. I remember wondering where there was a lake big enough to sail about 200 ft. long, as long as the big one probably was. I guess that's about all I can recall.