This dream started out, I was actually an onlooker, observer, through the whole thing. I dreamt that I saw this marching of , was a scene during some war, and one of the participants in it is a friend of mine that I went through the Marine Corps with. When I went through the Marine Corps the first 6 months, a very good friend that I had made out there, he was one of the guys that was doing the shooting; he's a young person like myself; he's the only identifiable person I saw in there. As I remember, he was running through the woods like everybody else, and they were shooting guns, rolling around, and while they were doing all this rolling around and shooting, somebody came up, some one of the heroes came up and shot something, shot some kind of a live grenade or something, and he spared his life. No, he actually didn't spare his life; he gave up himself so that everybody else wouldn't get caught in the blast. After the hero got fragments in his legs and arms and everything, and after the war is over, with a buddy of his and him were in the same hospital, and his buddy, the hero's buddy, gets alright, but he's, the hero's buddy is commenting, I remember him commenting to the nurse that he'll never be able to fly again, meaning the hero would never be able to fly again. And for some reason the hero would never really be happy unless he was flying an airplane. And the hero's friend was presuming that the hero would never walk again also, and he went to take a, he was wearing the hero's boots literally, and the nurse came in and told the hero's friend that the hero would be able to walk again and that he'd have to give his boots back. The hero's friend in turn walks in there so that he just wouldn't believe this, and I remember him, the hero's friend, walking in with a white tee-shirt with a Hiccock gummed label on it like it was still in the store, and when he got very mad, he just took this gummed label which was blue and white from the shirt and threw it down. In some way this was his minor way of protesting that the hero was getting better and that the guy would have to give him back his boots. <br/