I recall a dream prior to being awoken where I was talking to a man and I knew this man and his daughter. His daughter was young, maybe 11 or 12 years old, possibly a year younger or older. I can't recall. Anyway, it seems that I offered to give her a ride home from wherever we were. I can't recall right now. The man was standing in front of me talking and I was noticing how he was dressed. The full picture of the dream is becoming not distorted, but just less clear, harder to define. I do recall though that through the weirdness of dreams, one minute I was offering this girl a ride home, and the next thing I was like a student, just a student being lectured by this fellow, and the girl was sitting next to me. It seemed we were at some meeting or something. I can't really say what. I was to give her a ride home after the meeting or whatever it was we were there for. Then I recall being obligated to stay at this person's house for the night. This is where my recall is not very clear, and it is really difficult to say why or what I did or exactly what happened. This dream was recalled after Max had left. I was no able to recall this dream while Max was in the room for some reason or another. Upon being awoken, there seems to be like a small mental block developed so that recall is much more difficult even when just closing the eyes and trying to, or just waiting for the dream to possibly reenter the conscious state, but as soon as Max left, and I was attempting to return to sleep, the dream which I had prior to wakening became clear again, not to the extent that I could recall the full dream, enough of it to know that this was what I was dreaming before awakening. The dream did no seem really plausible. One minute seemed to be in the past, and the next minute right at the present. It was vivid, just average, or maybe a little bit better. Recall is being like I might have stated earlier, well, but it didn't recall the full meaning or just even the full dream, just the main portion of it. I do think I saw some color or I attempted earlier to mention I was noticing he way he was dressing. Now I can't. It's distorted, as I say, exactly the way he was dressing, but it did seem as if it might have been in color or else I was just thinking of it as certain colors to my own taste, so to speak. The dream did not seem to take long, maybe just a few minutes or even shorter. As I said, it didn't seem completely plausible. This dream did not seem to be a take off of any experience that I have had in the last day or two. It seemed to be just as if I was meeting an acquaintance from the past and this happened in the past or even right now at the present. This is definitely the dream that I was having on being awoken for the second time this morning. I was just not able to recall it when being awoken, but as I was getting ready to go to sleep, it returned to my consciousness, my awareness of having dreamt the dream , and I was able to recall a portion of that dream.