There was something about church pews, but I don't think it was a dream. Bob and Calvin and I had been talking about church pews yesterday with reference to Chara and one of Calvin's dreams. Then there was something about the biological sign for female M3 and then the sign for female, that's a circle with a cross in it. I'm using this symbol of the inclusive mode in my scoring system. I keep thinking of this symbol M3 female and I'm going thru a circular movement with my arms thinking of encirclement, envelopment, almost as I find myself doing in the daytime when I'm working on the manual to decide if a given dream item is the inclusive mode. Then there's something about Virginia Axline, a female analyst, except she's a Rogerian type child therapist. I think these are associations. I can't remember any narrative. We were talking about driving an ax yesterday with reference to the letter that Bob and Calvin got from J. of Personality, feeling that the critic was grinding an ax. Then about Virginia just before I went to bed, I was reading in letters to the editor in the Saturday Review, about this article about the conservative viewpoint on civil rights. In this letter there was a reference to Virginia. The author of the article had referred to James Madison as one of the founding fathers that we didn't pay sufficient attention to anymore, and in the letter it was pointed out to him that Marshall the Chief Justice was also a Virginian and it was he who had started the tradition of changing the constitution by interpretation rather than by amendment. I was also thinking about that girl's honor thesis, Stephanie N____ that I've read, but that I haven't sent comments on yet, and in this thesis there is a reference to Virginia Axline. There was also an image about having a metal prong in my hand and doing something with this metal prong like inserting it between the crack in the screen in the room and the wall and there was a feeling of equivalence here. It was as though seeing this metal prong and thinking of Virginia Axline were the same things.