My first thought was shoe shine and then the dream came back. I'm at a large resort, a hotel, very, very elaborate, very lush, plush, something like the Fontainebleau only more tasteful. I had just been swimming, like sort of fountains and also like a pool, except this wanders around the whole hotel with bridges that cross it. At this moment in the dream, it's at night and it's kind of cold and cloudy. I'm walking across one of these bridges and I'm saying to myself I had just been swimming there. I'm thinking of going back in again. Somewhere in this hotel either before or after this, I was observing something. There was this guy who was going around, this radio announcer was going around saying that maybe it was a baseball player, anyway he was some kind of performer and he was going around saying that Kurt Goudy was crazy, a paranoid. Kurt Goudy is the Boston Red Sox radio announcer. He keeps saying that every tiny little thing that goes wrong makes this Kurt Goudy blow his top. Then what do you suppose is happening? This guy who's saying this, who's claiming that Kurt Goudy is always losing his temper over nothing, is seen loosening his skate. He's off somewhere arranging for Kurt Goudy's skates to come loose, roller skates. I think that the word shoe shine brought this all back to me. At any rate I see this going on and I think to myself, "Well why? I wonder who's crazy. That's going pretty far to prove a point." This performer was some kind of a famous one. He's a very well known, he's a big shot, and it's one thing for him to say Kurt Goudy is crazy. It's another thing for him to stoop to such a petty detail to loosen his skate to prove it. I should say something more about he swimming part. The idea about the swimming was that here was this very, very beautiful setup for swimming and nobody used it. Few people used it, and I was taking great delight in being one of the only ones. Not only was it good swimming, but it also made me feel like I wasn't one of these Miami Beach types.