I'm both, that is simultaneously on a boat and traveling through, either that or a train, and traveling through Yosemite National Park or some place that looks very much like it, very deep gorges. Jesus Christ is giving a speech. It's all about the, sort of a humorous one. It's really a dramatic production and the voice is the voice of that Irish, Frank O'Connor, has that record out called My Oedipus Complex. There's some reference in this speech to Patrick Henry and this whole thing is extolling the virtues of being drunk, something like look at the face of that Patrick Henry and all we have we owe to him, and he was drunk at the time that he said, "Give me liberty or give me death." This is like a regular performance. I keep hearing it, but I don't always listen to it. This particular time I'm trying to catch what he's saying. Another part of the whole story is that a freighter is coming back from Europe and has signed up too many passengers and they're all college kids and most of them girls. I see these people climbing off of this freighter. It seems that I have a boat sitting there and I'm not saying anything. Then this boy comes up and starts pleading sort of for me to take him with me. I'm shaking my head and saying no, no. Either I'm not in that business or just no. It's possible that probably putting that in now, it's possible that I didn't want to commit myself to him because maybe I'd get one of the girls if I waited. I doubt if that was in the dream. I may have said that I'm on a boat and the train in order to catch both sequences of the dream. I know that in the part where the kids are coming off the freighter I'm the owner of a boat and I can see water around and it's sort of a dockside scene. In that first sequence I'm not quite sure what the vehicle is, but there is a definite vehicle, something passing by that has this production going on, sort of like a stage play, but that I don't always listen to, but that I'm listening to this time. I have a strong association to Mt. Rushmore where the face comes in and rocks.