I'm having a fight with Audrey. The setting is something like our Boston apartment, but I seem to be nearby the Hungarian neighborhood that I grew up in. I think I was just out to a store to pick up some kind of Hungarian, oh, I don't know, bread or tobacco. The word comes to mind, Stetson or Steveson. Anyhow I come home and I'm all in fine spirits, and Audrey's got this. Now wait a minute. There's another part. Well, she's got the beds changed around in the apartment. That didn't seem to bother me so much. She's fixed up the back part into two small cubicle-like arrangements, and has two small beds back there. One looks like an ironing board. I don't quite know what we were fighting about, but I remember the feeling well. It's like we were arguing about some minor thing. I guess something occurred that I don't like that I want her to stop or to change or something, and she keeps adding one more word like going too far. It was like the fight could be settled at any moment, but she has to add one tiny remark that gets it started again. When I was awakened, I think I was just about to blow my top, lose my temper over some, one of these last straw things where she's just said I won't or something. Prior to that, the part I forgot, we were driving a couple of cars. Oh yes, Maury Schwartz is following us and another car, and I blow the horn at him to follow me because I know a shortcut that leads through a lot of backyards. You know, this is in New Brunswick up the street. Like the shortcut I used to take walking to school. Anyway, he falls in behind, and every once in a while I think I've lost him or that he's lost me. I look in the mirror and stop for awhile, and then I see him catching up. He's still there though. There's something about Carol Kay in a car. Now I'm beginning to sense what the connection is between those two. Yes, some kind of comparison. Maury knows how to follow and Audrey's just being a pain in the ass and losing sight of what matters. There's another part. At one point I must have gone through a stop street or a red light or something, but Maury is getting the ticket, and I look in the mirror and there he is stopped by the cop. I don't know whether to stop and go back or whether to keep on going. At any rate it looks like I go off Scott free on that one cause I'm also breaking limits. I can't quite remember that first part that had to do with the store and the Hungarian neighborhood and the food. I guess it had to do something with a bar like up at the St. Emory's club, and I think maybe I can get it by associating. I think of hard boiled eggs. Oh yea, Co____ had hard boiled eggs last night, the pickled ones that you have in a bar. I think of potato pancakes at Jimmy ____________ grandmother used to make. I can't get the name, Stetson. Stetson.