I'm making some kind of a presentation of research materials at a small meeting of college presidents. No, they're no college presidents. It's more like an APA meeting, but this is a small room and there are very few people. It looks like Dr. Taylor's office. I was dreaming that I had already been awakened and was reporting a dream as part of this presentation. I do believe that I had lost some of it as a result. I can pick up, however, where I was when I was really wakened. I had just made several points and I was making a third one that somehow was obviously related to the other two, and it was Calvin had offered me the use of his Volkswagen bus whenever he wasn't using it, and somehow this included the use of the radio which had been installed in a very unusual place in the top of the door. Yeah. Now the point of all this was that somehow or another as a result of taking him up on this offer, I had heard a report. No, that's not it. I just seem to have lost that. Somehow this was a research finding, but I don't remember what I was supposed to be illustrating with this point. There was something about a college president in here and it was a president of one of the women's colleges like Vassar or Smith and her name was Gull. Now that might be the name of somebody on the, that might be one of the subjects, one of Bob's women subjects. There was a girl in my class at Dana hall whose name was Gull Bull, Jane Bull. There was an association. Now in part of the dream also I'm waiting, no I'm in a large building like a large theater or hotel, and I notice this girl being met by her parents, and it's a girl from Brandeis, and she's sort of bubbling over with her mother telling her the latest and they're planning to go out to dinner and movie, I guess. She's kind of a cute little thing, but I think to myself, awfully young. Now back to this presentation, which seems to be the center of the dream. The only other item that I can remember is one of noticing that I had to, in order to make this 3rd point, I had already made two, in order to make this 3rd point, I had to interrupt something that Calvin was just about to say, and I could see that he was a little annoyed at this, but then I thought, "Well, but he won't be annoyed as soon as he hears the point, especially because it refers to his Volkswagen," and this turns out to be the case. I knew that everybody would be especially interested in and amused by the name of the woman's college president being Bull, because as I was giving the talk, I was thinking of an image of a bull and somehow or other, everyone would share this image that was listening to the talk. The image was of a bull with an erection, a big, red, long penis.