The first thing is I see a tube of vaginal jelly, and I think that somehow or other this in the dream was supposed to have made it easier or supposed to make it easier to have dreams and to get to sleep. Next there's Ed Kytta, and he's dying of something or other and has only a little while to live. I'm in a room with him and there are other people around that somehow or another require attention, not require, but they have to attend to, that doesn't quite get around what I'm trying to say. There's a lot of confusion going on and here old Ed is trying to say something. He's trying to make something clear. He's just trying to express himself. I'm not listening to him as well as I might. The poor guy sort of complains something like, "You'd think that when a guy has only a few minutes or a few days to live he could get a person's ear." Then he says a few things, and I don't know if he expressed what he wanted to. I don't remember what he said. Then in the dream it's as if time passes and I'm going on about my business doing other things, and every once in a while I wonder if Ed has died yet and feel kind of guilty that I didn't find some way of really listening to him. Next I'm in Paulette Cooper's car, and I think my mother is there. This is associated somehow with death also. Paulette is also going to die or she's been dead and came back from the dead or something like that. She's a good dream figure for that idea. She's a girl that was born in Auschwitz. I seem to be ignoring her also. I turn off the motor of the car and then I just take the key and reach out with it and cross the seat where my mother is sitting over to where Paulette is sitting and hand her the keys. I think I dropped them. Then Paulette says something like, "You're going to be using it again, so why don't you keep the keys," and is, I know, trying to get my attention to say something private to me so that my mother won't see or hear. I'm not looking at her, knowing she has to get my eye to get across what she wants to get across. Again I'm feeling kind of guilty about this. That's the end of that dream. It reminds me of a home dream that I had in April that Ed Kytta figured in. So I may as well put down what I remember of that.