Audrey is having some people in and they're socializing around the place. I'm going from room to room looking for a place where I can work. Then I'm working on an open table on Eastern Avenue in New Brunswick. People are coming and going. There's very loud music coming out of this one house and I assume that it's a place that I own. Then I got to this spot where I sense that the house is that I own, and there's just an empty space there. I'm very puzzled for a moment. Then I locate the music again and it's coming out of another house, and the other house belongs to somebody else, so I can't do anything about it. I see a couple of women walking around in there and they seem to be having a party. I get back at the table and start work again. Then David comes along in his little red car. I don't remember David's last name, but it's the David that lives up at Ijourie's place. He's parked and he's outside looking very closely at the paint job on his car. As I pass him on the way back to the table, I say, "Hi there, David O," and he doesn't say anything. I figure, well, he hasn't heard me, but I just let it go at that thinking I'll get back to work. Then it turns out that David and this friend of his are out to give a prize to somebody for some art work, and I say half jokingly and half seriously that any time he wants to look over my work, he can, with the idea that he might give it the prize. He says no, they're not doing that right now. They really came here to have a picnic, and he opens this bottle of pickles and starts spreading meat out, soda pop and bread all over this table. So I go back to the apartment and now it seems it's getting renovated and there are lots of repairmen around. There's another section to this dream. A female Ph.D. is like an usher and is saying to me as I come into this building, "Don't forget your Ph.D. card." I guess I had lunch and then there's some business about the check and how much of a tip to leave this waitress. I give her $4 and she gives me back 1 peso and 50 centavos. I'm thinking in terms of 50 centavos will be enough of a tip. Then this woman pulls her dress down and she's naked, standing there naked. Then I recognize that it's Shirley MacLaine. She has a strand of red hair sort of greased and twisted around one of her breasts.