This one wanders on over. I'll start with the part I remember the best. I'm staying at some place separate from where Audrey is, and I stop by at her place to see how she's doing. I walk in and she's sort of bundled up on the floor in the living room, and now it gets pretty odd. There are 2 cats in this place. Audrey has some special relationship to them and in some parts of this now it seems that she is a cat also. At any rate these two other cats have been in a real fight. Audrey doesn't look in such good place herself, but one of these cats has a very bad eye. Something about it having been the most beautiful cat of all once, but now it looks like it will be lucky if it lives. These 2 cats are so angry at each other that every time they get near they start in again fighting. Audrey, I guess, is trying to be some kind of a peacemaker. At one point she holds them up and somehow immobilizes, no, she holds them up and puts their faces together, and one of these cats has a lot of affection for Audrey and wouldn't scratch when she's around. So Audrey puts these 2 cats together and assumes that since she's around they won't fight each other, but you can see that they are mightily tempted to, and she puts their faces together and you see their claws coming out and they want to take a swipe at each other, but they don't. The most vivid part of the dream is the eye itself of this cat which looked like it's all inflamed and has a big white spot. Now there are other parts of the dream, something about a waterfront and one of these buoys that people swim off of. Then there's been some kind of a crime and the policemen drive out to this buoy. Then the image of somebody's head on a board and someone else who is trying to make him talk or trying to frighten him. Throws a knife, it's like a gold letter opener, and pins the board a fraction of an inch from his head. Somewhere in the dream there are some sexy-looking women around, and also a scene in which I'm traveling on some kind of a vehicle, I suppose a train, and am being hindered in what I want to do or the way I want to feel by having to pay attention to children. I'm either having to take care of them or keep peace between them. I think it's keeping peace between them. I have mixed feelings about this. On the one hand, in the context of the dream it's clearly my responsibility and I'm also doing it well apparently. On the other hand, it prevents me from doing some other thing that I might want to do. That's probably where the sexy-looking women come in. I don't remember the details.