I was driving in a car, I guess my car, though I'm not sure, down Grand Avenue in the Grove, towards S. Bayshore, and I drove by Florida Pharmacy. I stopped and I went inside. I was a stranger in town. I had just come to this town, when I first walked into the pharmacy. The inside looked somewhat different than it actually looks. Actually let's see, there were pinball machines, I think, in the back, and there were some guys standing around that looked like hoods, but they were young, perhaps 18 or 19. So I walked to the back, walked by them, and I was expecting perhaps they would start a fight or something. It was that type of atmosphere, that I was a stranger in town and here were the young hoodlums by the pinball machines, but they just looked me over. They didn't say anything. I walked by them. Then all of a sudden I had a locker there for some reason. Now in the dream evidently, it wasn't bizarre at the time or peculiar, but evidently I had been in town for at least a while because I had a locker there. Inside the locker was a large manila envelope. One of the things I had inside was a razor. I was going into the bathroom to put on lather and shave myself. So I went in and put on the lather and began to shave myself, and I heard someone calling from the outside. I went out, still with lather on my face. In fact, I was still shaving without a mirror. There was a girl there, my girlfriend, though in this dream she was perhaps a causal acquaintance, perhaps a light affair or something, as though I had been in town a few days and met this girl. Then it's very hard to explain, but the manager of the store said something like, "Hey, we're going to get you because your summons disappeared." I was thinking in the dream something about the fact that I had been framed because although I had received some kind of ticket, I got another notice saying it had been repealed, and I didn't have to appear in court, or something to that effect. But the man said, "No, you were supposed to appear and you didn't and now you're going to jail. I'm calling the police." The last thing I remember in the dream was saying to my girlfriend, "Gee, I've been framed. I've been framed." By the way, this relates to the first ticket I have ever got a couple of weeks ago and got an announcement in the mail of a court date.