This dream was a lot of fun. My girlfriend and I were somewhere. We were somewhere out in the city of Miami. It was late at night and I was fairly old, perhaps about 40-45. It was rather indefinite and she was about her age, that she is now. I was a lot older than her. I was kind of trying to seduce her. That is as a general plan, that wasn't the specific plan of the evening, but that was our relationship, one of 40-year-old seducer and young seducee. We were out there in the city somewhere late at night, and we were talking about our relationship a little bit. Of course, she wasn't listening too closely, as any flighty young girl would when talking to a seducer. But the whole point was that I hadn't been able to seduce her yet. I was getting kind of impatient and I thought perhaps this wasn't the best thing for me to try to continue attempting to seduce her. Perhaps she needed something else. I was feeling rather sorry for myself too because I really had a lot of feeling for the girl, and I mean I desired her quite a bit also. In any case, while we were standing there, all of a sudden we started to see a lot of trucks with lights on them going by as we were talking. Funny kind of trucks. Perhaps they were kind of like jeeps. They had a lot of lights on them and they would go by, go by, and finally there was kind of one near us and we walked over to it and I was kind of looking at it. It was like a fire truck or something. Just after we had seen the first trucks go off, took off away from us, these two young guys about college age, that is about my girlfriend's age, not mine, had gone rushing off after them, and there had been some cryptic remark at the time by someone else that it was probably the two frat boy's frat house that was on fire, that all the trucks were going to. So there were kind of fire trucks evidently. So then I was kind of looking under the wheels of one of these fire trucks. I was standing there and I was getting a statement for some reason from the president of the university, a statement to the effect that the statement I had gotten before about the statement that he had given me, were all true. Namely, that it was the case that something or other, but I can't remember what, in other words, I was getting real official statements from the president about statements he had given me so that there could be no misunderstanding when I took him to court or wherever I wanted to take him. Then this fellow here woke me up. Very disappointed.