The first part of the dream involved Cuba, and a voice from somewhere seemed to be providing the commentary asking about when is someone finally going to take action to release all the royalty from Cuba. It seems as if Cuba had somehow imprisoned large numbers of reigning royalty, and this was a news commentator who was expressing his dissatisfaction over our weak position and failure to act upon this matter with regard to Cuba. Then I was walking along the streets in Cuba, and as I crossed the street, I noticed all of these people lining the streets and I knew that they were the royalty. I was curious about them and started to move in their direction, but then a rather old, seedy-looking man who was the guard, started to approach me. I quickly exited because I was afraid that I would be caught and made a prisoner myself. The guard was carrying a gun, but was old, probably in his late 60's or early 70's, and I was surprised at this because he didn't appear to be what one would ordinarily expect for a guard. I had a fleeting look at the royalty and they all seemed to be dressed the same, in fatigues and combat boots. They were sort of shuffling along and looked extremely dejected and miserable. Then I was wondering to myself about their rather sorry-looking condition, and thinking that one would never know they were royalty from their appearance, and thinking that royalty was not very proper because the only claim to fame for most of them was that they happened to be born to influential parents and had not really done anything to receive commendation for themselves. I was saying to myself that if they really had any strong character, they should be finding some way of pooling their resources to escape. Then the scene shifted and it was some kind of hut. I was continuing to say something to myself about what sort of qualities could be inherited. In the hut was a large, well-muscled, vicious man who was chained to the wall. It seemed there were also one or two other people chained to the wall, but nowhere near as impressive in physical size or apparent ferocity as this one figure. Some man walked by them who had the reputation for toughness and walked up to a counter, I think, at the end of this hut to order something. As he walked by the chained-up giant, he threw an ice cube at him. I was saying something about dominant and recessive genes, that experiencing cold or some other kind of thing was related to dominant characteristics. It seems as if the ice cube had hit this giant or large man in the face and he spit the ice cube back out, and some of it landed on my face. I became furious and started to hit him with both fists in the face. Then he started to punch me. I spit at his face, and he continued to punch me, and I decided that no matter how hard I was hit or how much punishment I received that I wasn't going to quit, and that I was going to continue to spit back in his face It seems as if I had received this courage or decided to take this stand because I wanted to impress the person who had walked into the room, down toward the counter. I don't know who this person was in the dream. Here was something else about what would happen afterward, but I don't know what this was. What would happen afterward to me? It seemed as if it were more what would happen to him after this incident. By I mean the giant. Time [end]