The dream started with a conversation between two men. One of them was Charlton Heston, who was a young rising lawyer, and I'm not sure who the other man was. Heston had some big trial coming up in which he thought he would make his reputation. He was saying to the other person that if he could win this case, he would then be voted as the outstanding lawyer of that region, and this would go a long way in achieving this particular title or national recognition that he was seeking. The other person asked him if he realized how difficult that this would be and how many skillful lawyers had previously failed in winning a conviction. Heston replied that he did, but said that he had new information, that he had got this thru extensive wire tapping and it seemed as if these wire tapping devices had been hidden all about various army spots, and there was one picture of somebody from the Air Force putting on a helmet and as they were doing so, Heston's voice was saying even in their helmets which they think are their most private possessions, a bug has been hid. Then the scene shifted, and it's a little fuzzy, but it had to do with possession of a boat. I believe Gilbert Roland, the movie star, was the owner of this little boat. This boat lay in a harbour and the way that one got to it was throwing a line over from shore which caught on a chain stretched across a log, and by pulling on this, the boat was pulled over in such a way that the gang plank or buoyant plank type of arrangement was provided. There was quit a squabble over who owned this boat as the boat was still in the process of being paid for. There were some women connected with this boat, and it seems in some fashion as if they were tied up with the previous trial, but they were going to try and get some further information. It seemed as if I were a friend of Gilbert Roland and was standing nearby when a couple of women and an old man somewhat short in stature arrived by the boat and, with a great deal of fuss and a great deal of noise, managed to come over and get on board. I said something to Gilbert Roland about what are they doing. He said they are trying to take the boat. I said of course they can't. Then someone stood across the desk, the deck. A small card which, upon reading it, said that if proper notice had not been given, as to something when payments were started on the boat, then the rights to ownership were jeopardized. Somehow these other people had discovered this and were using this as a legal gimmick to take over the boat. We had to take off from the boat and watched rather sullenly as they all boarded the boat, which was aluminum, and up in the cabin area it could be seen that it was fairly well used as there were dents in places where paint had been rubbed off. It seemed that the purpose of this was to try and attain the boat primarily for the old man, who was a fisherman. There were nets nearby, black nets, that had sort of had gold-colored weights distributed along their edge that we used to throw in the sea. I was curious about the weights and went over and looked at them, and noticed that they appeared to be made of hollow glass with one side open, that there was a great deal of sand packed in them. Then the old man got on some small kind of velocipede, something that had a motor, and that had one wheel at the handlebars. It was very small and unlike anything else that I have ever seen before. He got on this and began to drive forward a bit and then to try and back up. He was having trouble. He drove forward a bit again, but was not very skillful in maneuvering it and then finally he got it backed up and headed off. As he did so, I said something to Gilbert Roland about hadn't he put he wheel in the wrong direction. Wasn't the wheel supposed to be in the front as he drove, rather than behind facing on the velocipede as he was? He said that no, the way the man was driving was alright. This is the same old man connected with the boat. It also seemed as if the velocipede had changed hands in the transaction. Somehow the loss of the boat changed our plans and it seemed as if new evidence had to be obtained. So I was saying to some other person who was concerned with this, but who was not Gilbert  Roland, well, let's go out and start to get familiar with some gals who would be involved so that we could hopefully obtain some information from them. We started to g thru the neighborhood hoping to spot some females. On the back porch of one sort of rundown looking house there was a young girl with a sort of blotchy complexion, but a face almost completely covered by freckles who appeared near the back door. It seemed as if I vaguely knew this girl from some other connection, and I said to her, "Did you know that you really look quite different from the picture I had seen of you?" And she said, "How?" I told her that she was really much prettier than she had been in this other picture. I sat down on the steps and she came over towards me and sat on my lap, and I began to kiss her. I was a little hesitant to do so because I thought for some reason I had bad breath, but I then kissed her and she did not know how to respond very well and started to giggle as well. It seemed then that this other person who I knew appeared and said , "She looks like she's all of about 12 years old." Then I said in a somewhat facetious fashion to her, "No, you kiss as though you must be a 13-year-old girl." Then I felt guilty about taking advantage of her naiveness and lack of experience and left. As I did so, she seemed disappointed and I said, "Well, I will come back someday and see you again." As I left I remember walking into some other hallway, and it had a torn screen door, and I said back out through the screen door to her, "Well, it has been different anyhow." Then as I began to walk down the hallway of this building, I looked off to the right and noticed an old man dozing in a chair as if it might have been a room of a private club. Walking further down the hallway, I glanced in this one room and saw Karlis or Mrs. Garrett, and some other person whom I recognized. All of these people are associated with parapsychological activities. I waved to them and seemed to know that the parapsychological convention was about to get underway that afternoon or the next day and thought that when they noticed me they would probably wonder why I was all dressed in fatigues. It seemed I had been out on some difficult mission, and this was an occasion for having a complete set of fatigues on. They were somewhat muddy so I decided I better go back to my room and start to get ready and cleaned up for the convention. As I walked along I noticed over on the left hand side a little brass mask hat had been painted orange and a great deal of the paint had peeled off. This was lying on the ground along with some other pieces of bric-a-brac. There were various people in the hall as I passed along, and then it seemed as if at one point I encountered Carlos again, and I started a discussion with him, but he seemed preoccupied, in a hurry or something, and I thought, "Well, I'll have a chance to talk to him during the convention." As I continued to walk down the hall, I approached the door that was to be my room. This was a door on the right hand side and it seemed as if it were slightly ajar. Across the hallway there were some people. They were commenting something about the unusual decor that was in my room. Someone was saying to the others sitting in the room that if you get a chance when the door was open to look thru because it was furnished quite distinctively. As I pushed open my door and started thru it, I was aware that some large piece of furniture had been pushed away from the corner of the wall more toward the center of the room, and there was a woman busily washing the dishes. The room had been cleaned up and I was pleased over this and that things were being tidied up. I thought the woman was probably Doris, but she had her back away from me, and I was anxious to see who it was when Calvin awakened me. There was also a fragment about going to see a movie. I remember going into the movie with some other person and the ticket seller had pushed the two stubs into my palm. The person I was with was quit a few feet up ahead starting to look for the hallway or entranceway into the main theater. It was a very large theater and somebody was calling down asking he ticket seller how do they get to the certain floor, and he was trying to give them directions, but he was not sure which floor it was that he was on. Then someone said to him, "Well, this is the 4th floor." I believe this other person with me was a girl that I seemed to know in the dream, but I'm not sure exactly who she was. I have a feeling she was a red-haired girl who is in my student nurse class. As we entered the theater, we sort of kept going down various dead ends and had trouble finding the proper floor. At one point we emerged at a restaurant, and I just glanced around the corner and noticed that there were several people sitting about in wicker chairs at this restaurant. I believe we finally found seats someplace and sat down. I have a vague feeling the title of the movie was supposed to be Dr. Newman, M.D. This is a picture I believe that had been mentioned in my nursing class as being one to do with psychiatrists. There was the feeling that psychiatry was also somehow tied up wit the initial part about Charlton Heston and I did not appear to be part of that actual setting so that it may have been that once arriving at the movie, we were seeing this scene with Charlton Heston and the courtroom part, although I was a participant in the rest of the dream. This seemed like a very long dream and I would estimate it as 15-20 minutes in length.