At one point in the dream I was lying at one end of a bed and a woman probably in her early 40's was lying at the other end. She was dressed in a nightgown and had fully prominent breasts. Standing by the side of the bed was her husband who was about her age and in the dream I seemed to know both of these people. There was some remark passed by myself, I believe, about the man's dwindling sexual ability and then I seemed interested in playing with the woman's breasts. Her husband said something about you won't find her very responsive and I said something about it being difficult to say whether this was a chicken or egg situation, and I said maybe she would be more responsive to me, and I began to boldly pull the nightgown away from her breasts. This was not greeted with any great objection on her part nor her husband's. Now she was lying on her back on the bed with her head toward me, and I reached over to kiss her breasts. Her breasts appeared to have two separate nipples each, one which was larger and more centrally located and the smaller one below. The breasts seemed much smaller and flatter now. She was masturbating her husband at the same time, and sometimes it seemed as if her head were in front of me, that is, stretching away above her breasts and at other times, it seems as if her head were going the other way so that her head was underneath me, and close to the region of my genitals. The settling shifted to a large auditorium and there was a boxing match going on. There were two young lightweight boxers who were fighting and one of them was doing much better than the other. It seems his opponent became vanquished and then another lightweight contender got into the ring with him. This new contender now started to give a pretty savage beating to the other boxer who at one point kind of started to use a double punch where both hands would be brought from the outside and would simultaneously hit the other boxer's head at the same time. My sentiments began to be for the underdog, and I remember standing up and throwing a few imaginary punches myself because I was so involved with the action in the ring. The one boxer started to give these double punches, the other then became very annoyed and began rushing at him blindly and landed a couple of very nice punches on his opponent. The other fight fans also seemed to be pulling for the same person I was and this boxer had become so angry that he was now taking and using his elbow to hit the other about the neck, and would throw kidney punches from behind. It seems as if I were with somebody during the fight because I would occasionally make comments to this person about what was going on in the ring. This person said something about the new auditorium next door. After the fight another man came up to me who I didn't recognize, but he seemed to recognize me immediately and said something about it being good to see me there, and had I been over yet to see the new auditorium. I left and went outside and was supposed to meet Doris then. I walked along and noticed her talking to two men over on the far side of the building I had just come out. It was dark then and she did not recognize me at first, but then she perked her head and seemed to and started off toward me. She had on a trench coat and I asked her about this and she said that one of the men said that she could keep it. I commented on this and said that seemed unusual. I could see letting her borrow it, but why had he given it to her? She said it was because of some sort of defect that was in the coat and that when she had explained about her ratty shawl, that then the man gave her the coat to go with it. At this point it seemed as if we were near a college campus, and we walked up over a little hill, and while doing so, I was thinking about dreams. And thinking about how strange it was the form that they came out and seemed to be so jumbled and mixed up when ordinarily the body seemed to work so smoothly and precisely and with such delicate balance. Then it seemed as if one of the things I had told Doris to do was to buy a large number of lemon trees and to plant them. As we went over to sit on the side of another hill, I was aware of small twigs that had been planted in systematic lines about 12 inches apart over the whole hillside. I was a little annoyed, though, because some students were sitting around on the hillside and I felt they would squash these newly planted trees. As we were sitting on the hillside, we could see things down below us. Some Congressman and someone were saying something about President Johnson not working hard enough; that it was unheard of for him to be able to sleep thru for 12 hours when the Congress had cut his budget, and that any man who could rest this easy when things were going wrong clearly didn't have the drive to be an efficient president. Then someone down on the far right of the lower row of the Congressman was saying something about he would speak to the President and acquaint him with the facts and get him operating the way he should be operating. This person appeared fairly young for a Congressman and I asked Doris if he were a presidential page or how he would be on such particularly close speaking terms with the President. Then from a nearby building voices were heard coming down and a woman's voice was saying, "Did you hear about the enlightening speeches that Republicans had made last night?" and somebody sarcastically replied, "What Republicans?" It seemed understood in the dream that all these people were also congressmen. Estimated length of the dream appears to be 12 or 13 minutes.