I was seated at a table with Bill, his wife, and two other males who were not recognizable or were never identified in the dream. We were sitting around having lunch and most of the conversation was being dominated by Bill. He was talking about their future. He said something about they could go up to the Great Lakes where his father was apparently in the Navy, but he referred to the Great Lakes by some different term, although from context it seemed clear that this was where he was referring to. Then he was saying something about, well, I could go and stay at his mother's, but that this had problems associated with it. Then something was said about his working, such as he would have to work until the kids were so and so age before this other thing could be done or expected. Then he made a remark about his wife, somewhat along the lines of, "Could you imagine that she could ever go into a building or be involved with an association without the roof coming off or the building collapsing," or some such. This was said with a kind of nasty, sarcastic tone, and although I had said very little in any of the conversation up to this point, I entered momentarily by saying, "Yes, I think I could imagine that something like this could occur." And his wife seemed pleased, but everybody else at the table seemed to stiffen and an air of tension was present. Realizing this, I tried to reduce it by saying, "Well, you asked if such a thing could be imagined, and since you had said it in that way, I could, if I thought about it, imagine that this might occur." People started to smile and it seemed as if the tension were broken. We had just about finished up the meal when I glanced over and noticed that Bill had a great deal of gravy around his mouth and chin. In the dream he had sort of wavy hair and a rather thin triangular face and somewhat thick lips. His hair was sort of a light blonde in color. It seemed as if there were a strong wind blowing, and I remember after drinking the milk in my glass, I was hesitant to place the empty glass on the table for  fear that it would blow away, although when I thought about it, it seemed a little unusual because the other glasses were empty and they were staying in place in this wind. I believe it was Bill's wife who then started to clear the table and start to prepare some dessert. Then the scene shifted and Calvin, Bill and I were walking along. It seemed as if we were going to go for the mail. Calvin said something about what time should it be. I said, well, it should be about 12 o'clock because it was such a nice day, it would be nice for it to continue on; but it actually was about 1:40. Just before this point, there had been quite a bit of conversation and interaction between Calvin and Bill. Then it seemed as if Calvin glanced nervously over toward me because he was worried about my being felt left out or something, but these were not my feelings and I was thinking to myself that Calvin too quickly jumped to seeing jealousy as a possible motive in many situations where it did not exist. Then Calvin left for the mail and Bill and I were walking along together. Then I tried to make some conversation with him by saying that he had a little boy and girl, I understood. I was surprised by his remark because he seemed to take a nasty turn when he said, well yes, his wife could manage to have children of both sexes when he understood my wife was somewhat deficient in this regard. I thought in my own mind my attitude had been one of openness and friendliness toward Bill, and I couldn't understand why he had this chip on his shoulder. But I decided I wasn't going to let it get to me and I just responded in a way as if I were not aware of the hostile implications of his remarks. It was at about this point that the monitor entered. Estimated time was about 7 minutes. There was some other fragment in which a good guy was going to be shot. I think the good guy was Tarzan, but I'm not sure. There was a large rectangular barrier out in this field and the assassin was to jump behind this on one side with a rifle and shoot this prominent person as he came by on a bicycle, I believe. There were two or three other men around, and it seemed as if this was supposed to be a rehearsal for a movie, but then its sinister purpose was revealed. Then the setting changed to be in a movie house and now I had the rifle and the task was to try and quickly shoot this person as he rapidly moved down the aisle from one end of the theater to the stage. I was seated right in the center of the theater. This person would be at one end, and then I don't remember through what means, but would rapidly approach me, whiz by, and then rapidly move toward the stage. His whole journey would only last a second or two, and it became very difficult to shoot him because as soon as the rifle were raised as he approached, he was there, and then by the time one's stance was changed and the rifle were moved and aimed after he went by me, he had disappeared behind he curtains of the stage. This was structured as some sort of contest. It seems as if the man were going to make ten passes and this was to be a test of my marksmanship skill in front of the audience. Recall is much more fuzzy for this episode, but it was fairly vivid for the Bill one. Estimated time for the latter fragment would have been about three or four minutes.