One part that comes back was standing in a hallway or rather alleyway of a large auditorium. The word I want is aisle of a large auditorium. In the auditorium were a large number of prominent people who were all seated there on wooden seats. In some ways it seems as if this was set out of doors, but I'm not certain of that. It seems I had just walked over toward the aisle and was pulling a piece of tape off of my throat. I had some difficulty doing this, and after I took the tape off, I looked at it and it was the same flesh-colored tape we use here, except part of it was completely transparent like Scotch tape, and I wondered if the flesh-colored part had still adhered to my throat or Adam's apple. It seemed that Jimmy Durante had just got up and had to leave the theater in a hurry, and then someone was saying that if they could be anybody in the whole world, they would like to be Jimmy Durante because he was such a  fine person and so well loved. Then I looked throughout the audience and it seemed as if Cary Grant were there, and I was imagining someone probably saying that they would like to be Cary Grant if they could be anybody in the world, because of his distinguished good looks and his overall handsomeness. Then I was sort of asking myself who would I want to be. It seemed as if I were wondering if I wanted to be Calvin because of all his scientific productivity and then his theoretical writings, but I don't believe I ever answered the question. The setting was in a basement, I believe, because it involved a cold storage vault. There were a large number of valuable furs in this one room, and I worked there in some capacity. It seems as if there were two shifts of girls involved here because one of the girls was just getting ready to leave. She was a young, attractive sort of red-haired girl, and as she was coming out of this one room of the vault, she said, "Oh, are you still here?" I said, "Yes, you know me. I'm always on the job." She then prepared to go home, and she said something to me that I cold not quite understand, and I asked her, "Did you say A or B or C?" B referred to alarm clock and A referred to something much more suggestive of sex and C was a completely neutral choice. I said, "Which of those three things did you say? I have a preference in terms of what I hope you said," but it seemed as if she gave the neutral word. Then I said to her, "Well, maybe someday I'll get to hear your alarm clock," and she seemed to be slightly embarrassed by what I had said. Then it seemed as if there were some other man in the vault with me, and he was saying something about I was trying to make time, and I said, yes, I didn't seem to have gotten very far, but this gal was warming up a little bit. Then some other girl appeared and it seemed as if it were her shift that was now starting. I said something to her about, "Your accent seems much more southern today than it did yesterday." I said something about, "You really are a you-all type today." I believe she mentioned something about having visited with her parents or her in-laws that day and they were very southern, and so this is why she was talking this way now. Then I noticed the coats that were hung along in the storage vault, and I thought that since this was not very large and it was expensive to store things there, that they should make more efficient use of the space than they did. There were several spots that were untidy and things had been sort of scattered about. Somehow this vault seemed connected with sleep research because this first girl seemed to say, "Are you still going on with the sleeping or dreaming?" and in that sense it seemed to have some kind of lab aspect to the vault. Then the setting shifted to a top story of an old building. I was talking on the telephone to someone who I believe was named David Peterson. I was trying to write down some information, and it seemed like as I talked to him, I was reminded that I had talked to him earlier and had written down the information that was needed, but I now couldn't find it because the papers were all scattered about and the desk or area nearby was untidy. Then I apologized, saying that I had just gotten up from being a subject. I was kind of fuzzy in my thinking. Then I momentarily felt that this was a bad thing to say because we were thinking of using him as a subject, and this might scare him off if he thought that there were some sort of adverse aftereffects to it. But then it seemed as if he were calling me because he was at the University of Miami and wanted to do a dissertation on dreams, and it was to be on the effect of cold, acids, or cold solutions of some sorts. Then I asked him to repeat the information in terms of where his meeting was to be held and what time. I said that this time I would make sure that I got it written down. He said that it would be held on November 16th, and I said that would be easy enough to remember because it was my birthday. Now what place would it be? He said he wasn't sure, but it seemed like it would be so and so place. Then it seemed as if I was still talking, but the setting shifted very slightly, and I was now standing up with my elbows on some sort of desk, and I was near an open window looking out the window. This fellow started pressuring me about the exam that was to be held about over his dissertation, and he asked how thorough would he have to master the literature. I said he would have to know it very well but we would not ask him specific questions on it like what did Schwartz do in 1957. At this point it seemed as if three girls from my nursing class walked behind me, one in particular who I think her code name is Charlie the Tuna, and they were all laughing over this conversation and seemed to be amazed at the lightness involved and good humor that was being displayed because they did not expect this kind of attitude or conduct from their teachers. They expected a much more harsh disciplinarian. Then I was explaining to this fellow that since he's going to be doing a dissertation at the University of Miami, we certainly expect a competent job to be done, etc., and all I could tell him was we would be asking questions more about his design in terms of why did he use a certain kind of statistic or some other kind, why he had used the controls he had used, and that nobody was out to give him a bad time. If he had a fairly solid design and presented it, that was all there was to it. At this point I looked down below into the street and Alan Sternberg, a student who had also been in therapy with me, was walking by and seemed to be looking up in my direction, and I thought I hadn't seen him in some time and thought that he was looking for me. Then the conversation continued with this student and he finally said, "So what?" I just answered him back, "So what? What do you mean, so what?" Then it seemed that the setting shifted to the front of this room, and now this student was there in person. He was heavy set with a reddish brush cut and one eye that seemed perhaps to have a glass eye, freckled, timid and not too bright-looking. Here were a couple of other people scattered around. One of them seemed to be the chairman of the department, and I think it was Calvin who was the chairman. I think there were two women present and then some older woman who was in her sixties came in who was explaining about the mail or where her records were kept. I seemed a little unclear on this, and then one of the women said, "Well, we keep them straight across the hall because the main departmental offices are in another building and because it's difficult to get over there, we have sort of a mail service here in this building." Then there was some discussion about how handy it would be when the department had another separate department headquarters in this building. It seemed as if the department were ready to branch out to two divisions, and I agreed that it would certainly be more handy when it was located there. Since I still seemed to be unsure about these records, Calvin sort of nodded and one of the women got up to go over and get the forms or material for me that seemed to be needed. Then the setting shifted again, and Calvin was saying something to me, but he seemed to be demonstrating the point by tapping lightly on my lower abdomen, which was making me annoyed. Then it seemed as if Calvin were in the room here and I was relating a dream to him, and we were having a discussion about dream or something related to it. All of a sudden I heard the EEG machine stop, and I said to him, "Did you run out of paper, because the machine was just running and now suddenly it's stopped." He looked at me and sort of smiled, and said something about, "Well, you knew that I would take care of everything the way it should be taken care of." Then Calvin did walk into the room in reality to awaken me. Estimated time would be about 10 minutes.