There were two male newscasters present and one of them was reading the news. He came across an item dealing with some new scientific information about oceanography, but had difficulty with making these statements so he ended that particular piece of news, so he continued on with other information. After a few minutes when he had finished with the news, he then said, "Now, I would like to give you the information about that other news item which was a little bit garbled before. Here is the way that statement should have read." He then proceeded to very carefully read this off. Now it seemed as if there were some other woman present at the same time, and both of the male announcers were there carefully looking at this skirt while the announcement was being slowly read.  One word they were having difficulty in pronouncing was cataclysm. It seems as if they were saying that this is past tense of the verb to something and the word seemed cataclysm, but that isn't an infinitive. At the conclusion of this broadcast, there was some sort of contest where the announcer who had not been involved with reading the news, was now giving out some sort of information and then people were supposed to react to this with questions or comments or something to his statements. This woman who was mentioned earlier was going along and asking some different questions. It seemed as if somehow there must have been other people standing nearby or involved because none of them were saying anything. It seemed as if there were a little bit of annoyance at this woman because she was much involved with the question, and then the news announcer reminded that there was an $8 prize for the person who had asked the most questions or cooperated in whatever fashion it was that was expected of people in reaction to this information. The next part of the dream seemed to have involved some sort of intrigue or spy element. There was some earlier part that I can't recall as I'm not sure what information it was that was supposed to be kept secret or who all was involved in the plot. At this one point it seemed that a group of people were together. One of them is a friend of mine whose name is Dave Long and then there was some attractive woman who looked like one of the nursing students. There were several other people involved. They were all in the room and then it seemed as if Dave and this woman were the principle culprits and they were trying to escape. They were on some sort of subway like device or else an elevator that ran sidewards. They were supposed to get off at this one particular stop, but they didn't. Instead the machine that they were on which seemed to look more like the elevator arrangement inside whizzed by this one stop and the people inside seemed to be hardly aware that they had rapidly passed by. Then in order to throw people off the track, he decided to get off with this girl at a dentist kind of place thinking that no one would ever look for them there. It seemed as at one point when they were moving along in this vehicle that they looked out and there was a large auditorium filled with about ten or twelve people scattered throughout all of them very busily picking their teeth with a toothpick. When they stopped to get out of this vehicle it seemed as if I were there and it was some form of hallway. As Dave went by, I think it was myself than who had a bowl of brown cereal and I attempted to deliberately smear this on him so that he would have to alter his plans slightly. He was wearing a suit and I did manage to get quite a bit of this brown cereal all over the bottom of his right sleeve. He was annoyed over this, but then he and the girl started into this large room. As they got down to the end of this room, it seemed that Doris was there and she was saying something about coming into the room or being time to come into the room. This seemed to take place just before Calvin came thru the door or perhaps even before he had come thru the door. The momentary fleeting impression might have been to do with it being time for him to come thru the door. Time would have seemed like 11 or 12 minutes as the news broadcast took a while to unfold. In terms of the news broadcast element, I appeared to be an observer throughout all of it except for the terminal part when I was a participant in terms of being in the audience. During the chase scene it seemed as if I were participating in a fragment I can't recall. Then I was an onlooker as the car went by its one destination or stop point and could see the car going by and see the people looking out the glass doors of the station where they were supposed to have gotten off. Then I appeared to be a participant as it seemed as if I were in this car looking out to the auditorium where the people were picking their teeth, but then it seemed as f I were both participant and onlooker in the latter part. I could see myself being in this hallway when they had emerged from the car.