I dreamed that bladder pressure had become strong enough that I decided that I was going to get up and go into the bathroom in the other room. It seems as if I had got up and gone out to the adjoining room where the EEG machine was and Calvin was not there. It looked as if the room were all being completely replastered and painted, and all about the room it was all smoothed of as if it had just been trolled over from a plasterer. Up above it was sort of sealed off so that instead of going thru the door into the kitchen, this was now covered over with plaster so it was very difficult to discern where the door was and it had an appearance much more like the trap door going to the roof. I decided that I would first turn off the switches on the machine so that when I disconnected the electrode board, that there would not be the 60 cycle splattering. I was also curious to see how many channels were still operative because I had remembered earlier of a great deal of 60 cycle noise having been there, and at that time I had called Calvin's name once or twice to see if one of the channels could be repaired so that he would have enough information to read the next REM. When I looked at the machine in my dream, it seemed as if he still had the strain gauge and one other channel working. I had disconnected the electrode box and started to walk into the bathroom. But now that room in there seemed much larger than it is in reality, and it was being painted brown along the edges of the rug. The bathroom was also different in dimensions being much larger and thus the room was rearranged so that commode was on the opposite side of the room. Sitting on the commode was someone dressed in workman clothes, although he was not actually using the toilet. Nearby him was another workman and I asked one if I could be allowed to use the bathroom for just a minute or so. He got up and said sure. It was about time for him to get back to work anyhow. I didn't actually use the toilet, and then it seemed as if there were a counter running at right angles to where the commode was and another workman who seemed to be more of a farmer started to talk to me and made me a cup of cocoa. The cup contained powdered milk and water for the milk, but the resulting mixture looked much more like chocolate syrup. In fact it became just about identical to chocolate syrup that one would put on ice cream rather than cocoa. I was eating something during this time. I think it was cereal, but I'm not sure. This large sort of corporate looking farmer was leaning over the counter and was telling me about the whole EEG study, how these here fellows went ahead and put some kind of funny looking wires on people's head and how they put them on different parts of their head and then they could tell from this something about people's thinking. He was saying this is a way almost as if he was trying to closely repeat what had been told to him and the effort appeared to be great, as if he had tried to memorize it almost exactly in terms of what had been said to him. He concluded with the remark that it sure was kind of deep stuff, and I agree with him. The other two workmen, when they had left, they seemed to take a bear skin rug back with them. There was bear skin rug laying nearby them and they each picked it up and had one with them when they left. As this farmer was talking, I was thinking about how narrow he was in his interests in thinking about their basic political conservatism because they had never really had contact with very many other groups or viewpoints besides their own and therefore their political representatives would have to be Republicans. Then two other young men in their late teens or early twenties appeared, and in the dream I knew them very well because they were associated with the dream project. They had gotten behind this counter and were looking about for some paper that they couldn't find. They asked me if I knew anything about it, and I said no, that obviously things were in such turmoil with all of the plastering and painting and things being moved about, I didn't know anything as to where it might have been moved. I was thinking to myself at that point that maybe this would be a good time to find out more about exactly what they were doing, since it seemed they had been connected with the dream project for about a year and were always busy working on some data in connection with it, but yet they were actually separate from the project in that their funds came from some other source and not through the grant that Calvin has. I thought maybe I could get one of them to sit down and tell me more about how they had actually become involved in the project and where the source of their finances arose. The conversation never occurred as I was awakened at about this point. The dream should have lasted probably about 8 or 9 minutes, I guess.