The setting was outside of some apartment building. Doris was working at one end of this building and was scrubbing screens and doing some other kind of household work while one or two children were watching her. I think one of the youngsters was ours, but the other was a stranger. As I walked up to her, I could hear her say something about being very busy and working, and making some remark to the youngsters about how would it be if she put off her work and didn't get it done. Then I walked a few feet away from her and by the end of the apartment building. At that end was another woman with a young girl who was washing large windows there. From her remarks it seemed as if this was a job that was supposed to be done by the management, but that it had been so long neglected that she had undertaken to do it herself. Doris then came down to join her, and the two of them were going to do this chore together. While they were doing this, I was observing some bugs. There was a spider that had come down from the ceiling, and I had knocked it down as it tried to climb up its web on the ceiling and was pointing to Drake, my youngest child, the bug as it moved around on the ground now. There was also some other kind of insect that I was busily watching, and on occasion he would find some insect of his own that he was busy watching. Then the scene shifted and we were by the side of another building, and I remember noting the plants by the side of the building and the various needles that had dropped off of it, and a few occasional buds or nuts that had fallen from the tree. It seemed as if quite a few of my children were with me now, and then a voice was heard to say something about ants. This voice seemed to be from a PA set or was like a narration for  movie. The voice was saying that ants can work for very long periods of time gathering food. It seemed that the needles from the trees lying on the ground were the kind of food that they stored. When this was available, they would gather large quantities of it and store it in their homes. While we were watching the ants, there was a large Indian sleeping near us. He would have been about 5 or 6 times life size. I don't know whether he was larger or we were smaller. Then the voice that was providing the commentary said something about the Indians having lice and then the lice would develop certain kinds of pupa, and then that these pupa would be hatching for a period of time and a description of their life cycle was provided. I believe some remark was made that during one stage of this life cycle they produce some sort of itching or irritation if the young pupa were handled. The children were asking me some questions about the lice and I was commenting on them being on Indians and then that they were not indigenous with Indians or special with them, that anyone could have them. The Indian seemed to be sleeping and had either some tattered blanket or some newspapers lying over him as he was curled up sleeping. I think it was raining very slightly while we were looking at the Indian, and there was a ditch nearby him which ants kept coming out of as they collected the food mentioned earlier. The dream seemed to be about 9 or 10 minutes. There were some more fragments recalled immediately after the monitor left the room. They had to do with some EEG equipment. It seemed that Calvin and I were checking over our supplies and wondering about what to reorder. We were wondering about getting colodium and so forth. I'm not sure of the setting. It seemed it had some resemblance to the center basement room of the Institute here. I said something about getting our packages of beads out. This consisted of a four-sided display of various kinds of colored beads that came in all sorts of shapes and patterns. They didn't seem to be beads as used for jewelry, but were something that could be used with the EEG machine. It seems as if they were something we had bought very early when we first acquired the machine and were not sure of what quantity to order and had vastly over-ordered on this item. As Calvin and I were walking along the outside of this four-sided display, it seemed as if there were some other man in the center of it, and I was asking how much was it that we had paid for this before. And the man replied $12 or something like that. Then I was commenting to Calvin that somehow the walnut panels that some of this material had arrived in or some other supplies could perhaps be used to make a room divider sort of arrangement in this basement room so that the supply area could be closed off. Then there was another fragment about walking into a room and taking off my shirt and placing it over a chair. There were several people in this room, and it also had some connection with EEG, whether I was getting ready to be a subject, this was why I was taking off my shirt, I'm not sure. Doris was sitting over in one corner of the room, and there were two men talking to her. Then it seemed as if Bernie Hyman, who had been one of the psychology instructors at Denver, sidled up to me and said something about wasn't I jealous about two men talking to Doris, and I said no, not at all. It seemed as if this fragment followed the one about the EEG supplies, but where during the night they belong, I'm not sure.