I had been a subject in a dream study and had just finished a prolonged series of continual awakenings. I had gone into this apartment where there were two other men, one of whom seemed like Eddie Collins, and I was starting to describe what we had been doing with the dreams that night. There had also been another dream subject, but it seemed as if he had only been involved for part of the night, and had not spent anywhere near as long a time as I had. I was telling him about the ESP aspects and he looked at me with a deep frown and a when are you finally going to get over that stuff sort of irritation look. I was describing to him some of the dream material, but I can't recall what it was I was detailing to him. Then the other dream subject started to get cleaned up, and I was going to also, but then I realized I didn't have my clothes in the apartment and would have to go back to the school, which seemed to be like the elementary school I attended now, to get dressed. I looked at the clock and noticed that it was about eight minutes after 12 and started to become very panicky because I knew I would have to leave right then almost to make my 12:30 class. There was some kidding about a particular girl, and we kept using her name. I don't remember exactly what it was, but I was saying I was interested in her and was it okay if I started to pursue her. Eddie and one of the others was discouraging me from this and I was saying something about couldn't you stand the competition, that if she were really fatally and desperately attracted to me, why should she be denied this opportunity. It seemed as if I was walking at this point along a short section of crowded street, and for some reason bent over and noticed this woman's legs. They were very fat aned vericosed veined, and I thought she isn't too bad looking as seen from above, but if one looked closely at her legs, these very ugly varicose veins were apparent and the flesh looked sort of segmented. Then I rounded a corner. It now seemed as if I were in a car. I stopped it sort of in the middle of the street near what appeared to be this elementary school I attended in order to get out and hurry and take a shower and get cleaned up for class. After I started away from the car, I looked back and realized I could never leave it in that place, so I had to back it up into what I think was a fire station, come out again, and then park it in a regular parking spot by the school, and as I went into the school, there was a red-haired boy standing near the top of a truck, and then the truck was a series of barbell plates and steel bars that were all connected together. Down on the floor were several dozen barbell plates and some more of these joined bars forming separate squares. As I walked by, the red-haired boy who seemed to have just graduated from high school yelled something to me that he and a couple of others were going out to the West Coast. So I waved to him. I said, "Good luck, Red. I hope that you like it there on the West Coast." But then I noticed that he was coming over toward me to shake hands. As we shook hands, I repeated what I had said before with a little bit extra. Then I walked into this large shop area and people were all busy scurrying about doing work. I saw Eric Shopler, a boy I knew in high school. He looked very serious and preoccupied with this job that he was doing. I yelled some kidding remark to him, but he never replied at all. I went over to my workbench, which was located over in the far corner of this room and was thinking that I had to get my bicycle together because somehow I knew it was in all separate parts, that I had disassembled it earlier. I reached up and took off of the bench a handkerchief which was wrapped up, and inside the handkerchief were several of the nuts and bolts that would hold the wheels and handlebars on. Over the loudspeaker came Danny Kaye and he was singing some song which was excerpted from a movie. In the movie the song was played when a 16-year-old son lost his father, and this was the background music at the time. Danny Kaye was now saying, "Then now isn't this a beautiful song, folks? Listen to it and see if it doesn't express a beautiful sentiment." Then the words to the song appeared and they were something about how I'll never see you again. This moment has passed and our contact can never be returned. I thought the incident involved a rather deep or profound thing when somebody had just lost a loved one, and yet it seemed as if this were being treated in some sort of popularized or vulgar fashion in the song. I was really beginning to get anxious about the time now and tried to hurry out of the shop to where I knew the bicycle parts to be. As I was leaving, there was a moment that was very strong in which I experienced separation; I don't know from whom or what, but very intensely for a second or so. I felt alone. I began to feel rather nostalgic when I realized that Red and a couple of the other recent high school graduates who were in the shop were leaving, and I thought this was always a bad time for me when graduation occurs and friends move on to new spots. Then it seemed as if I were out walking with Calvin, and I still had not got to the shower as yet. We were walking along and he put his arm around my shoulder, which made me uncomfortable, and after a few steps I sort of slid away from under his arm as unobtrusively as I could. He mentioned something about meeting and the person was named in Mexico to get the EEG machine. I was asking I'm still not clear about this Calvin. Is one of us supposed to go down to Mexico to get the machine or is it going to just be sent up from there? Then I was either wet or had been perspiring, but my hand was wet, so I reached down to rub it in some sand which was nearby. At that point a Japanese appeared who was very short and stocky and completely bald, and Calvin wanted to introduce me to him. It seemed this person was somebody we had been discussing earlier and Calvin was scheduled to talk to that afternoon. The person reached out his hand and I noticed that his hand seemed to be rather narrow, and I apologized to him, saying that my hand was very sandy because I had just dipped it in sand. But he said that was perfectly alright. I was also surprised by his handgrip because Calvin had said this person was a weightlifter and he obviously looked very powerfully built. In fact, somehow or another, we seemed to know that he had just come from the gym. But it was a very weak handgrip that he displayed. Then the Japanese said something about had we contacted Gather yet, and it seemed as if Gather was supposed to be the first name of the person from Mexico, but his last name was not Pratt as might be suspected from the first name. I believe I left and Calvin and this Japanese fellow continued in the opposite direction. There was some other one fragment about one time I was driving a very large truck and was coming up to turn this corner which was awkward because it was like a tractor trailer type because there was another tractor trailer pulling out from this street that I wished to turn into. Finally the other truck turned off away from the direction. That is, if the street were east, this truck came out and went to the north. I was waiting on the south side of this to turn into the street. I did manage to turn the truck in by swinging it very wide around the corner right after the other truck left. I was a little anxious that maybe if a policeman saw the poor way I was driving the truck, he might say something to me about it.