The events in this dream seemed very mixed up. There was something about two trios of soldiers that seemed to rotate about and were more or less constantly engaged either in marching or fighting. In some ways it almost seemed as if they were toy soldiers pivoting about around a central axis, but in other ways it seemed as if they were actual people. There was something to do about the quality of the steel that was used in their swords and the particular brand of Scottish steel that was used by one group was supposed to be the finest in the world. The activities of these soldiers seemed to be drawing to a close when it seemed as if there was supposed to be one more sword stroke delivered in this sort of two hand chopping fashion, but it was decided for some reason that this was not to be done. I became impatient at this point because I wanted to see this final stroke delivered and see whether it would cut this other object of hard metal in half when it was struck with the Scottish steel blade. It seems as if then I was the one who picked up the sword and started to raise it over my head to swing it. As it struck the object, the scene shifted and some other people and myself were ascending a winding staircase that was lined with stones. A conversation was going on between myself and what I think were two other people. Some kind of intrigue was involved, and one of the people, who was male, I believe, said something about going into a hotel room and suggested that we should all do so, and then I could give them some practice exercises to carry out in order that this secret act could be accomplished without any difficulty or mistakes. I don't know what the nature of the activity that was being plotted consisted of. There was something  to do with a younger, about high school age girl, being protected when this blow was struck. This was accomplished by her father protecting her with a car door in some fashion, and I felt annoyed that this girl was supposed to have something unpleasant happen to her and it was warded off by her father's protective act. Then the activities shifted to climbing the stairs mentioned before and discussion about this girl took up part of the initial conversation between us while on the stairs.