I was taking an examination for a Fulbright type of scholarship. There were about a dozen of us, all males I believe, sitting about at desks struggling with the questions to some exam. I don't remember any specific exam items, but I remember finishing up and feeling pleased that it was all done. Someone in front of me asked what it meant when it said "Country of Origin," and I said that meant which particular foreign nation you wanted to go to and didn't mean where you were born, as it sounded. Someone else in the front said, "Don't give up yet; there's still more time left." I replied it wasn't a matter of giving up, but I had answered all of the questions and was just through. Someone else then said, "Well, if you have a score of 51 or 52, you probably passed." It seemed as if there were 100 questions to the exam. Someone then asked me about a particular item and it seemed as if it showed a cover illustration of a girl high in the air on skis, and I was feeling very tired and sort of silly and said yes, it looked like this girl was going to come over and hit this other person on skis who was at some distance away on the illustration. A few people laughed and I said, "Yes, it would appear to have been drawn rather poorly. It doesn't look as if the perspective is right." Then I pointed out some street up ahead and said, "According to the way that's drawn, that's where she would be coming down and skiing right there." Then the scene shifted and we -- there were about 7or 8 of us who had been taking the exam -- were at the top of a hill and walking down it, but we seemed to be walking down a steep street. As we were doing so, I yelled to the others, "Look over there at the ski slope on the right. That's the girl that was in the illustration." There were a group of about 7 or 8 skiers off to the far right and the one that I pointed to was a young Negro with a white shawl around her head and who was moving rather awkwardly. The others laughed and I said, "Yes, that's the girl." Then we were crossing a street. It seemed as if the light were green for us, but cars were still coming from the other direction and traffic was fairly well jammed up. I yelled to the others to be careful when we cross over because cars are still coming along, but I also encouraged them to cross now if they could because it seemed as if traffic would be even worse later on. Estimated time would have been about 6 minutes. <br/