I was lying in a bed in a different room. The bed seemed to be at right angles to the one that this is, and someone came in who appeared to be acting as the monitor. It was a very tall, powerful-looking person. Then he said, after looking at me and thinking I was asleep, that it was disgusting, absolutely disgusting, that anyone would sleep to this late hour in the morning. He seemed to be dressed in some sort of military clothes which were rather bunched up and sloppy. The room had some very strikingly colored furniture which I think I had painted and I think the colors were red, black and yellow, very vivid. Then it seemed as if I didn't know what color the walls were going to be because now the walls were orange and green, so it made quite an intense kaleidoscope. There were two other people in the dream who I seem to know and they went off through one side of the room when they thought Dick Jones was coming. They were trying to hide from him, and he went along, it seemed, through the same door and then came down around another room and appeared at a door which would have entered into the original room, but there was an orange kind of curtain there and he became sort of irritated because he couldn't find these other people and was muttering something to himself. It seemed that this was somewhat more than in a playful sense that they were trying to avoid Dick, but I'm not sure what the situation involved. Then we were riding along in a car and Dick was driving. He was driving through extremely heavy traffic. It seemed I was sitting somewhere near the back of the car, but also it seemed somehow as if I were above the car or sitting on the roof because I could notice how extremely close, within an inch or so, he was passing near other cars. There were about 6 or 7 high school kids who were riding on horses in the traffic. The street (Clinton) involved here seemed to be back in Rochester, and every once in a while cars would have to turn off of the other side and that these times sometimes the kids on horseback would slow down and let the cars pass, and at other times they would try and gallop ahead, which made a great racket on the pavement as they would do so. These kids were all yelling and fooling around and obviously in a frisky kind of mood, and so I thought it was very inappropriate for Dick to be driving as fast as he was and to come as close to some of these horses as well because they could very easily turn sidewards because the kids did not appear to be very good horsemen. These kids were both male and female. As the kids came up behind us on horseback I turned around, half expecting to recognize some of them, because for some reason I thought some of them might be the nursing students. I think it may have been after the first scene that the following one occurred. I had woken up from a dream study and these two girls about 17 years old were there. I knew them both in the dream and seemed to be more attracted to one than the other. It seems as if the one I was most attracted to was more familiar to me or was a girlfriend or something. I kissed the familiar one in a very brief sort of pecking sort of fashion a few times and then finally kissed the other girl once or twice. The more attractive one seemed to have a very slight pot belly and blond hair, where the other one had dark hair. I was rushing around in a very animated fashion and kept sort of patting them and pecking them and saying, "You got to stay awake now." It seems as if they had some sort of connection with the dream study and somehow in the dream it seemed acceptable, as if I would be a in different state of mind, and I was sort of taking advantage of this to pretend a great deal of excitement and energy, which then gave me an excuse to frequently shake these girls and then to kiss them. It seems there was a bed or something similar nearby, and I pushed the blond girl on the bed and kissed her. Then the other one was also on the bed, so I kissed her too. Then at one point I said, "Let's try something. Let's have both of you lie as close together as you can, then I'll see if I can kiss both of you simultaneously." They agreed, and I remember had their faces turned toward each other so that it was possible to kiss them both at the same time. Then I jumped off the bed and said that I was getting rather excited and maybe we better do something else. In the next scene I was walking down the street with Doris and the kids. As we walked along, there was some girl sitting in a car, a high school girl, who said -- I'm not sure whether it was to me or to Doris -- that she was so glad she had talked to whoever it was because she had been thinking about going to North High School, and after talking to whoever it was, had been encouraged to go to South High, and she did and found it great there. She said there were a lot of others there too. It seemed as if she's referring to there's a lot of other Italians there as well. As we continued to walk down the street, we came to a very large Pure gas station, and off to the right was a building with people sitting up on the roof, and Marti Fromm was one of the people. It seemed as if she owned this building, and she and all the others, men and women, were sitting up there sunning themselves. There was a very large parking lot around this gas station, but I was sort of ignoring that Marti was sitting up there. I walked in and now it seemed like a restaurant and Nick G., an acquaintance from Rochester, was the head counter man. There was someone else there that I also knew from Rochester. They were kind of giving me a good-natured razzing about something. Then someone said I better check in the large refrigerator that was there and see if some of my food was there. It seemed that I had been shopping earlier and had a large number of groceries with me, and for some reason had kept some of them in this refrigerator. As the refrigerator door was opened, I was looking about at various things, trying to decide whether they belonged to me or not, or whether they belonged to Marti. Then Dorothy Pope from the Duke Lab was there and her hair was very gray and she wore it in a funny style where the part in the middle went straight back and the hair hung down directly at the sides. She said something about, "You know how fussy Marti is about the food. She always feels that people are taking food from her, so make sure you don't take anything that would be hers. I said something about if there was any question, I would give her the benefit of the doubt, and leave the food there. At this point Marti appeared at the far end of the restaurant and glanced over toward us, but did not seem to recognize me and so I didn't say anything to her and she left. Another incident involved eating oysters. This one girl who was from my nursing class was there, and she was telling this other girl about having just bought some oysters. She said it was the simplest thing in the world. You just went to this store and gave the name of it, just bought the oysters and that was it. I was thinking about this in terms of the unusual taste that some people develop for food and thought that I had never eaten oysters, and I wondered what they would taste like and thought they must be fairly good because so many people seem to really relish them and go to great lengths to go to some oyster house and dip them in sauce and so forth. Estimated time would have been about 13 or 14 minutes. The two people in the early part of the dream trying to avoid Dick Jones were in their late teens and I think it was a boy and a girl, but I'm not certain.