There were a large number of incidents that don't seem to be very well connected except that several have something to do with an impending invasion or war. One of the incidents that seemed unconnected with the war took place in a large house, and at one point I was standing by the entrance to a doorway and Brent, Lance, and I believe one of my other children were there, and one of them was crying because some of his possessions were stolen and he was saying that this particular boy must have stolen them because this boy was in the house at the time that this would have occurred. What were stolen were some small trucks. At another point I was standing in the kitchen of this house and it seemed as if there were another man and woman there, and some Englishman. The Englishman was performing some kind of tricks, and he said something like, "Now I'm going to put some potato salad in the candelabra," or some other foolish thing like this. I asked if he would really do this, and the woman replied that he sometimes did zany things like that. I also remember being very hungry in this house and going to the refrigerator and taking out a slice of watermelon that was mostly white and had very little pink in the center. At another point I also took a loaf of frozen rye bread, put it down in one of the cupboards where the woman said that the bread should go. Then there was something to do where I felt ambivalent about taking more food from the refrigerator and it seemed as if the house now might have been the Institute. And I felt in some ways that I belonged and I felt in some ways that I were stranger to the building. I thought that these people might think it odd if I very freely helped myself to the refrigerator, but on the other hand I felt that I should feel comfortable enough doing so and I was very hungry. Somewhere along this time there was a letter that I was reading from Alan Sternberg and in it he was mentioning a visit that he had a couple of weeks ago with me. And in the letter he also mentioned Rhea, a girl that I know. Alan was planning a trip here a few weeks ago, but it never materialized. In the letter he was saying something about how friendly the atmosphere seemed at the Institute and I thought to myself that I must have been very skillful in not indicating anything about the tension that had existed between Calvin and myself lately. In most of the rest of the dream I seemed to be traveling by car up and down bumpy roads. At one point I pulled off this main bumpy road and parked in a little lane to the side. I stopped the car. Doris was up somewhere near the main road busily engaged in some activity and I was carrying on a conversation back and forth with her. I was seated by the right hand side, though, and the window was closed, and she had some difficulty hearing what I was saying very clearly. I tried to roll the window down, but had some difficulty because the winding handle was slightly broken. At another point there was a large pack of dogs near this area who were all traveling together, and I remember looking down the road and thinking that if the enemy did come now, then that would be signaled by all of the dogs starting to bark, so that they would serve a useful warning purpose. It seemed as if our dog were among all those that were running around. I drove down the road and parked again at another lane, and before doing so passed a sedan in which a man I had seen earlier in the dream appeared. For some reason I thought this a Western Reserve student who had done a dissertation with Calvin, and I thought it was Polster for some reason. Earlier in the dream it seemed as if he and I had jockeyed for some parking position, and now as I was starting to pull in this lane, he was parked there and wanted to start out from this parked position, but hesitated because there was a car parked behind me. When I pulled up to this lane, it went sort of up to a little hill like, and as I did, I noticed an elderly woman sitting in a parked car there. As I got out of the car, it now seemed as if it had turned into the Vespa and I remember kicking the stand underneath it. The place that I had stopped was near some house, and there were some signs saying "Weird Incorporated" as if it were some sort of haunted house. Off in the distance was the waterfront and there was a peculiar kind of dock that let out a short distance into the water. At the end of the dock it rose up into the air at a 45 degree angle and now playing on the dock was my son Craig. To get out to this dock I stepped out on a cement partition and then had to work my way around on this partition by holding onto a rather shaky trellis. There was also a thorn bush that I initially grabbed, but then by holding onto the trellis managed to work my way around this partition. After rounding it, I started to step across a ditch that was filled with water and had a board running down the center of this. The board looked like it was anchored, and I was hesitating whether to step on this board or whether to try and jump across this trough in one jump. I jumped over and as I did so, I heard some voices. The voice sounded like Gardner Murphy, and so I looked down to see who was talking. It seemed as if in the trough the water was not there now, and there were about 5 men dressed in costumes of the Revolutionary War period. One of them who seemed to be George Washington was speaking to Benjamin Franklin, and it was the Benjamin Franklin person who had the voice of Gardner Murphy. Washington was chewing him out about not having been prepared and hadn't he realized that he had to get more up-to-date with his methods of record-keeping and his economical planning and so forth. Franklin accepted this fairly well, although he was saying as had been implied, that he was completely unaware of these problems and had made some measures to deal with them. Something was said about sewers, and I believe it was at this point that there was another change in setting where a group of men were receiving instructions that the sewers were to be prepared because when the enemy came, this would be an important detail. There were a group of 5 men. Two of them got into a Jeep which began to back up, and 3 of them started to walk, heading out to the area which seemed to be some ditch that they were then to do something about, either putting in sewers or repairing sewers. As they left, they were wading through some water a couple of inches deep, and there were also a large number of hoses that were lying around in this shallow water. It seemed as if one of these men were a movie star, and it seemed as if it were Jack Carson. At another point up near the field where the dogs were mentioned earlier, I saw Brett and some other boy cutting grass in this rough field, and it seemed that I thought what they were doing was somehow connected with this war project, that by cutting the grass along the sides of this trough or gully that this was somehow preparing the way for the men who had been sent out to do the sewage job. The invasion which was supposed to be imminent was very vague except that everyone seemed to be expecting the arrival of a large number of men to appear. Some of the activities mentioned were to be in readiness for this attack. In the conversation with Doris in the car, one of the things that I was mentioning to her was that I was having a great deal of difficulty falling asleep. I told her that while I was being wired up, I was so sleepy that I could hardly talk to Max, and was yawning and that I had said something to him that when I went down, I would probably not be able to sleep. And I was aware of having been awake a great length of time before being able to fall asleep.