I was getting ready to leave for classes to teach the nursing students. A lunch had been made up and also the material I was going to need for class that day was deposited in this container, which was sort of like a combination brief case and lunch container. I got onto the bus and it seemed as if for some reason I was wearing a red straw hat. There were a few other people on the bus. Shortly after starting out, the bus was going rather slow and we passed up this one girl from nursing class that I was supposed to see this afternoon. The bus passed very close by her and I waved to her, and although she looked in the bus and looked at me, she ignored me as if she did not recognize me. I thought this was possible because I did have on this red straw hat, but I thought she still should have been able to recognize my face. That hat was something like a farmer's hat, not a dress hat. I was almost thinking about getting off the bus and walking to the classes because it seemed very lazy to ride what was apparently a rather short distance, but then I thought, "Well, it'll be worth it after all because I'll get there so much earlier and I can then get ready for class." I (flatuated) in the dream and in order to put as much distance between myself and the two girls who were sitting in a seat in front of me, I laid on the floor and held on to the bottom of the seat, but it seemed as if by doing so I was being dragged along the pavement itself. The bus was not moving too fast and it was not too uncomfortable, but one of the girls turned and looked over her shoulder and commented to the other about the unusualness of what I was doing. I felt it very unusual myself in that it was slightly uncomfortable being dragged along that way. I thought I was getting my clothes slightly dirty, but I felt this was still more preferable to sitting that close to the girls if I was going to continue to flatuate. Then one of the girls seemed to like this idea and she was starting to lay down on the floor of the bus herself and was motioning for her friend to join her, but instead of lying stretched out on their stomachs, they turned around and curled up facing towards me. Just about this time the bus pulled into the station at the school, and I started to get out. There were some Coca Cola stands nearby and it seemed as if students were buying cokes now to put away for their lunch time. This reminded me about food and I dashed back toward the bus to pick up my combination lunch container and briefcase that had been left behind. As I walked past the Coca Cola machines again, I was annoyed that I only had twenty cents with me. I thought that I really should take more money with me as 2 cents wasn't really enough to take care of anything unexpected that might come up during the day. Then I was unsure of where my class was going to be held. It seemed as if it were supposed to be in room 2 which is down in the corner on the bottom floor, but I for some reason thought it wasn't going to be held there that day. As I started in the building, I noticed one male student who had two different shoes on. One was a blue sneaker and the other one was a white one. They were both somewhat old and worn out, but I thought that he must have salvaged the best remaining member of each of the two pairs. Then as I started to walk up the stairs to the second floor, it seemed as if I took off my old shoes and let the water splash out of them onto the stairs. I don't know how they got so much water in them, but when I turned them upside down quite a bit of water did come out. In some ways there seemed to be some resemblance between this building and the elementary school that I had attended. At some point I'm not sure exactly where, but it seems in and around here, Calvin was saying something to somebody about their being castrated, and when he said it, the person just kind of smiled and seemed to take it as some sort of compliment because the impression that he gave was that he certainly did not understand the meaning of the term. I looked at my watch and it was now 8:30, and I was beginning to worry a little bit because now was the time that class was supposed to start and I still hadn't located the classroom. And it seems as if I certainly should have known where this classroom was. This was 8:30 in the morning. As I got down to the end of the 2nd floor, I was going to start through and go back down to the 1st floor again and check on the corner room I thought it was, but I was delayed in passing thru because there were several people talking on the telephones and I couldn't pass by them. There were two people at one end of the table talking on telephones, and one person at the opposite end. The cords were stretched out so far that you couldn't pass by them unless you wanted to either climb under or over them. Finally one of he people hung up and I started to go thru the gap that now existed near where he was sitting. After I did so there seemed to be large numbers of piles of paper carefully stacked around by the top of the stairs. There seemed to be about 7 or 8 little papers in each pile, and as I stepped toward the top of the stairs, I tried to be very careful not to disturb their position. Then somehow the scene shifted and I was now in a cafeteria line. As I was starting thru the line, I was beginning to move along and a man probably about 40 years old was behind me and he said something to the four or five women who were standing behind the counter, "I'm castrated. I know so by ESP." The women did not seem to catch on to what he was saying, and so he said it over again, "You see, I've been castrated, I know by ESP." The women made some reactions to this, and I thought to myself that this was a very odd thing to say in public with no more provocation than to just spontaneously blurt this out. Then the first woman that  encountered as I walked thru the line said, "Tell me that you want coffee." I said, "All right, I want coffee." Then I got a small steak and a I think it was some peas and carrots, and as I got down to the end of the line, I was getting worried because I thought I only had $2 with me. The cashier at the end said it was $2 even and I took out my wallet and found a $5 bill and about three ones and thought that Doris must have placed some extra money in my wallet, and I was pleased that she had done this. I took out the$5 bill and gave it to the cashier, and she gave me the receipt and two dollar bills in change, which seemed to be the right amount in the dream, although she had clearly said a total of $2. Then there were two dimes lying on the counter by her, and I wasn't sure whether they were mine or not, but I reached up for them and as I did so, some other guy reached for them at the same time so that we both quickly retracted our hands and neither one of us took them. The arrangement in this cafeteria appeared to be that women carried the tray over to your table and the woman carrying mine had already left and I could see her down at the far end of the cafeteria to lead me to a table so I assume that she had left my tray down there. I was somewhat annoyed with myself for being so extravagant and felt that this was too much to pay for a meal, and I could have done it much cheaper someplace else or brought a lunch. Estimated time of the dream would have about 10 minutes. <br/