The dream seemed to start in some television or radio broadcasting room. There was a disc jockey there who was doing some publicity stunt on dream work. He was lying in this unusual bed which seemed to be very long, had boards which could be pulled further out at the bottom to extend its length. It seemed like I had slept in this bed before because as I looked at it, I was saying to myself that the bed looked much more uncomfortable than it had been while I was sleeping in it. This disc jockey got out of the bed and had electrodes attached to various parts of his body, and I remember 2 or 3 being attached to his leg. There were 2 or 3 male assistants around who were excitedly saying something about if the electrodes were applied any longer than about an hour before the broadcast was to begin, then they would dry out. That is the reducts in the electrodes. I then asked the disc jockey about whether they used reducts because I noticed one electrode that was loose from the tape on his leg, and he said that they didn't use this to record the disc jockey's dreams, and it seemed as if he said then therefore then don't use an EEG, but that the disc jockey was to be the -- I'm not sure now whether it was the sender or receiver  for the ESP experiment. Something was said about in this way he provided a passive screen so that everyone in the audience could now use him as a recipient to receive the impressions, but it also seemed as if somehow he was supposed to be a sender trying to influence all the people out in the audience. Then I felt a little bit uneasy over being associated with the program because I had thought earlier than it was supposed to be a straight scientific demonstration of sleep and dreams and now it seemed as if the station were doing some kind of poy controlled ESP work with the idea of getting a great deal of publicity. Then I was standing near the top of a stairway and trying to tell this person about some experiences that we had had here at the lab with ESP. The disc jockey seemed uninterested, and at one point there were a large number of other people on the stairs. It was so noisy that I sort of had to shout to them in order for myself to be heard. It seemed the ESP experiment I was mentioning involved having received an impression about some alcoholic and then I was telling the disc jockey that there were many points of correspondence because in real life I worked for a lush, and then although the dream was not that exactly corresponding the fact that I worked for an alcoholic and so much of the dream content involved a situation of being involved with an alcoholic in a work situation that it was rather surprising. He greeted this rather blandly and did not seem to be really interested in working with a subject very thoroughly, and seemed to find having to deal with it scientifically rather a bore. Then the scene shifted to the top floor of a building that was very warm. The sun was entering from the one side and as soon as you walked into the sunlight of the room you were aware of a very oppressive heat. There were a group of young teenage school girls hanging about. I wasn't sure for what reason. I was waiting for June Chance to appear who had been one of my instructors at North Carolina. After a rather considerable wait, she did appear and seemed to not pay very much attention to me when she did see me there waiting at her desk. The desk was a very large one, and very high. I was disappointed because I had not seen June for quite some time and always felt close to her before. After she had been carrying back several different groups of papers, I was still standing at the desk waiting for her to return so I could talk to her briefly. It seems as if I was going to check if she had any mail for me and at that point the breeze blew across a little pink slip of paper with my name on it and it said that there would be a phone call for me at three o'clock this afternoon. When she returned, I asked if my mailbox were there, and in a rather annoyed tone she said no, of course it's not. Then I tried to inject some lightness into the conversation by saying her fate must have something very important in store for me because it blew this slip of paper over so it must intend some great message for me at 3 this afternoon. She gave me a very cold stare as if what kind of nut are you. It was at about this point that I woke up. Estimated time would have been about 8 minutes. One thing that June said was that she had looked over the packet I had submitted with photographs in it, and that I was being very much like the Europeans. I was being far too compulsive, and it seemed like what the photographs involved would have been pictures on both sides of the photograph and what I wanted to draw attention to with my written description was a particular girl with long dark curly hair who was sitting in a classroom. I said I wanted to be this specific so there could be no possibility of mistaking which particular girl since there were also girls on the other side of the photograph. She said that wasn't necessary. Anybody with a grain of sense could understand her from the description without getting that detailed. Another detail in connection with the disc jockey mentioned earlier is that he was rather tall and thin and the particular point that the electrodes seemed to be attached was his left lower leg. One of the electrodes was loose and he reattached it by simply taking the piece of tape that was already there and now sticking it over the electrode. As he did this, I noticed a vertical white stripe on his leg, about an inch and a half long or so, which indicated that he had been wearing a piece of tape there for several days so that now when it was removed, some whitish looking skin could be seen. The electrodes seemed to be attached down somewhere near the ankles.