I can't recall much about the earlier part of the dream. Only two fragments that happened just before awakening. It seemed as if I were standing at some counter and looking toward some large TV set. The counter is somewhat like what we have at home, except that in the dream this was a longer u-shaped one. It seemed as though my children were sitting along this counter, and Lance was diagonally opposite me. At one point he began to cry and complained that Drake had done something to him. He was writing something on a pad and I said to him that he had started the situation by saying something or doing something to Drake first. Then for some reason it seemed it was supposed to be 9 o'clock on a Friday night and there was some show just starting. The show that was just starting seemed not to be one that we wanted to watch, and someone said something about getting a different channel. What appeared on the screen was a male Negro who was saying something about his not having done it. The person in charge was trying to get information about what had happened, and it seemed as if the setting were on the deck of a ship. Another male said something to the man in charge of the ship, which seemed to implicate the Negro again and then someone said, "Well, we're right back to the beginning again," in terms of trying to understand how it began or what happened. Then the scene shifted to an apparent medieval setting as there were knights in armor sitting on horses. This one knight appeared to be talking to his horse's tail. There was some woman there dressed in very full and elaborate clothing and she said something to the knight and then began to ride away. The knight said something to stall for time and as she drove away, she bent backwards towards his horse and began to say something to his horse's tail. There was something about his horse's tail becoming entangled with an adjoining horse's tail. There was also some element in which the viewing perspective changed and it was something about if one slid a file forward and through it slightly, it would bump into the top part of one of the horse's legs, and this would cause him to start running. That's all I can remember.