In this scene there appears a man riding down the middle of a highway. To his right are 2 MG's, convertibles. I beg your pardon, it was to his left. To his right there's another convertible of some kind. In a matter of seconds people sitting in the convertible and MG's handed him some hunting equipment, rifles and telescopes and things and then sped quickly ahead leaving him to throw them into the remaining convertible which he was doing quickly but with some abandon. I'm sitting in the front seat of the convertible with a huge tiger. It was growling at him. The last thing he threw in the front seat, he threw right near the arms of the tiger which was sitting in the driver's seat. It was behaving exactly like a tiger. The person struck me as, for some reason, the name Clyde Beatty seemed to be attachable to him. So as he threw the last piece of equipment into it, the arms of the tiger, he had to lean back against the windshield to where he was only about two inches away from the tiger's growling mouth and waved to the other car to pull ahead. At the signal everything was just fine. The tiger seemingly became enraged by this and sort of swung his paws in an arc and just grazed across the shoulder of the hunter who immediately turned around. The tiger was very ferocious, vicious with a huge cavernous mouth, gigantic. At this point I'm not certain if the scene changed or just the characters changed, but all of a sudden where the growling tiger once was, there was not a big, strong, heavily muscled sailor with a white cap on and blue shirt. Where the hunter formerly was, there was another sailor who seemed to be seated in the back of a tow truck. Someone was driving the tow truck. They were turned around facing the tailgate. The smaller sailor said to the bigger one, "Roger, you better be careful, your fantasies are beginning to get the best of you." But just before the other sailor said this, the sailor who was in the same place as the tiger growled several times as though he were a tiger. I think there is more to the dream, but it seems like this last scene was dreamed 2 times. I somehow seem to feel that there were no changes the second time it was dreamed. Day residue: There are a great number of billboards and magazine ads recently for Esso Oil Co. saying, "Put a tiger in your tank," and they show a huge drawing of a tiger caricature. It strikes me as rather clever and appealing. It shows a tiger in all different places inside the car, on the roof, pushing it, etc. But the tiger in this dream was behaving very realistically, just like you would expect a tiger to. It wasn't manipulating anything. It's just as if it had been placed there. These sailors reminded me of the coast guardsmen at Dinner Key. I don't believe I saw any today. It's not very unusual that I would be admonishing myself for something. In that regard the activity in the dream makes it seem as if the dreamer may be those individuals. In the first part of the dream seated in one of the MG's was a female, blond, not too clear though. They were red and green MG's. I believe it was a model B, MGB. That is they both were Bs. There was barely visible someone driving the tow truck.