I was with Maria, the Argentina psychologist who came through Miami about two weeks ago. We were driving along in a car which seemed to be a sedan. At one point we had to go through a rather narrow roadway, and she was questioning whether I would be able to drive the car through such a small area. To make it along this roadway, the driver had to squeeze past an open door and then turn sharply around a post with very little space between them. It seems as if there had been some plan that I was to take her out to my motel or some other spot, and she was expressing some uncertainty as to whether she should accompany me. I hoped that she would, but since she seemed to be so worried, I told her to forget it and that I would drop her off someplace else. The area we were driving through was unfamiliar. Then the scene shifted and I was in some sort of restaurant by myself. There was some machine there for dispensing coffee, except that in this case it was Nescafe and you had to et the spoonful of powdered Nescafe out of this jar which projected from the machine. As I was leaving, I picked up some toothpicks and put them in my shirt pocket, and noticed that I already had 4 or 5 toothpicks in my shirt pocket from before. There was also something about a badge and inserted in a slot on this badge were some tickets which read, "Coconut Grove." I noticed that there were several tickets folded together which were then slid along the grooves of the slot. Then the setting shifted again and I was going along a wide street which for some reason at the time was supposed to be Monroe Avenue, a street in Rochester. At one point it seemed as if I were now driving my VW bus along, but then later I was walking along this street. It seems as if I were looking for a house that we had lived in, in the dream, and had painted up and fixed up, and I wanted to see how it now looked after we had left there. The house was a large, three-story one and I was noting the numbers on the houses trying to figure the block that it should be in. But then it seemed as if the house would have been on some street parallel to the one I was on rather than directly facing this street. At one point I noticed people in a swimming pool, and later on when I asked a young boy about 12 years old whether the bus came out this far, he answered something about a particular person went swimming every day about quarter to 5. I don't know why I asked about the bus because I was planning to walk to where my car was parked and then to drive home from there. It seemed as if I had just gotten through having been a subject at the Institute and the trip home was the one I would make after leaving the Institute. While talking to this boy, there was some involvement with a board that was placed against the curbstone and I was going to pick it up and carry it over to the other side of the street. And he said he would take it and use it on this side of the street. I don't know what purpose the board was supposed to serve.