This dream consists of pain. The incident that occurs on the night in which Senator Barry Goldwater was supposedly nominated for President by Edw. Dirkson. At convention hall in which this nomination takes place I am present and I have some function there, although I don't know what. And it's fairly high up and I kinda know the ins and outs of the place. And one of my friends is a Goldwater supporter. At least he was a friend. And this friend and I become engaged in a conversation minutes before the Senator is due to arrive at the convention hall. And then he arrives, but just before he arrives, I think I said to my friend, "This will probably be the biggest night of his life and he'll never experience another one bigger. In other words, from then on will be downhill." And then the Senator came in with a great deal of fanfare and we began to ascend a flight of stairs. I believe we were in front of the Senator and, seemingly, the fervor of the moment increased the intensity of our discussion. And my friend said to me, "Do you realize that 50 million people in America are going to vote for Goldwater and that there are 150 million people in the world," in Europe I think he meant, "that support Goldwater?" And I don't recall my answer to that statement. Then seemingly the argument continued to increase in intensity and we got -- I made some kind of a comment such that Senator Goldwater overheard me, or I knew he was going to overhear me, that's why I made this particular comment, which was unflattering and most uncomplimentary. Then we reached a landing or something and the party of Senator Goldwater passed us -- we stopped on this landing, and we were discussing what would happen in the event -- what Senator Goldwater would do about the Cold War and something was said by my friend, I believe, that he would drop a bomb or two -- turn it into a hot war, very nonchalantly as if there were nothing else in the world that could be done. And I became enraged at this attitude and said to him, "Do you think that Almighty God, who so dearly loves the little people, is going to continue to oversee their welfare and look out for them and see to it that they are protected and preserved and that they will continue to live just because they so dearly deserve to live?" And I continued and said, "Do you really believe that such action would not lead to the total annihilation of the peoples of the earth? Don't you believe that such a thing is possible?" But my expression was extremely agitated and increasingly higher pitched voice as I became more agitated, to the point where I was almost yelling; I was yelling. And someone ran in from a balcony which was just off to the landing on which we were parking and gave us a look and said something about the fact that we were speaking so loud. And this individual looked like Fred Clark, the actor. It was Fred Clark, I believe, spoke like him and everything. He had on a white dinner jacket and, like Fred Clark, he was bald. Throughout this tirade by me, my friend was standing there with a lame smile on his face as though he were pitying me for holding such a ridiculous attitude. I believe there was more to the dream -- that some of the activities that preceded this scene were preparations for the event. This person who was my friend, is or that is, no, he is a fusion of two people. One of them, a person who is a student at the university -- I've met him on three or four occasions, and the other person is an old high school companion of mine. Nuts. The reason for this fusion is because they remind me of one another. They look alike -- they kinda talk alike. The convention hall is just loaded with people, of course. And as we were ascending the stairs, there were dozens of people in front of us and in back of us. And the Senator, Senator Barry Goldwater, had on a light tan suit. He was very slight of build and I believe he had something in his hands or something around his neck in the way of camera equipment or something of that sort (in leather cases, I believe, small leather cases). These staircases we were ascending was carpeted with an elaborate red, tan, white pattern that was flowery and not too attractive. That is, the stairs were carpeted. They were very wide stairs. It was an iron railing. I believe that all throughout this whole scene, cheering and shouting could be heard from what must have been the convention floor, convention hall floor. Television cameras were covering the event and flashbulbs were going off when he entered the door, though I didn't get a clear picture of this.  The primary elements in this dream were derived from experiences of today. Here again, I was discussing with Dr. Hall, just before going to bed, the occasion of Senator Dirkson's nomination of Barry Goldwater and what a strange thing it was. I also had occasion to mention the convention hall on Miami Beach where myself and two other couples are going this Sunday for a concert. One of the couples consists of the male character if this dream. It was a fusion of two characters. I think his name is Burk Green. He is rather chubby-faced and pleasant. The reason Clark came out was to quiet us down because we were loud .