I dreamed that I was supposed to give a talk in Chicago on parapsychology. Some group had invited me out and were going to pay expenses, etc. for a talk which was to be given on Thursday night. I remember being in the depot and at first it seemed as if just Doris and myself were there, but later on just as I was awakened, I was buying tickets for the children and myself, and Doris was not accompanying me. At one point while we were in the depot, it seemed as if it were a train depot. Doris and I were trying to decide how I should wear my hair. She has been encouraging me to try and comb my hair forward, and in the dream she was suggesting that I should part it with two parts and then cut it short and wear it combed forward. I remember at one point trying to walk along carrying my suitcase and it was difficult to do so because it seemed as if my leg muscles were very sore and cramped. In the dream I attributed this to the after effects of some running I had done the previous day. Somebody mentioned something about the way I was walking and I tried to walk more naturally, but it was extremely painful to do so. At one point as I was walking along with the suitcase, I saw Doris ahead and she came over to join what was a friend in the dream, some blond female, but I don't know her in real life. And then Doris, the blond friend and I began a conversation. It then became time to leave and it seemed as if Doris had bought the ticket as I remember looking down at the suitcase and seeing a white label with a ....erter that said.... on it. Then we all went down the escalators to the floor below so that I could leave. But when we got down to the bottom, it seemed as if the blond had been carrying the suitcase which now seemed much smaller and with an old Scotch plaid fabric on it. We realized that this was the wrong suitcase, so I sent Doris up the other escalator to get my bag, which was a larger bag, but also had a Scotch covering. I told Doris that I would head over for the exit, which was exit number 20. The odd numbered exits were to the left, and the even ones to the right, so I headed over to get in the line. But the line was for a bus and I could look out the open door and see a small blue bus which was about the size of a city bus. The blond woman had gone over toward the odd numbered exits, and Doris came back down the escalator. I called to her to come and join me over here and to bring our friend along with us, or rather along with her so that I could say goodbye for it was getting very late. Going down the escalator, I looked up at a large clock that said 25 after, I'm not sure which hour it was. It seemed that even though there was a luggage ticket on the suitcase, I still hadn't purchased a ticket as I thought Doris had done that earlier. Then I realized this had not actually been paid for. I remember that I only had one dollar in my wallet, which is what in actuality I had in my wallet before coming in tonight, and so I had to step out of the line to let some other people purchase their tickets. There was an older lady who stepped right up to the window right after me, then another group of people and someone was buying 5 tickets for them. And then I asked Doris for some money for the tickets for myself and for the boys. I remember asking the ticket man if a two-year-old child had to pay, and he said no. In the dream it seemed as if one of my boys was only two years old. Doris said she had some money as she had just cashed a check, and somewhere near this point I remember unfolding a very dried-up, dusty twenty-dollar bill. I was trying to ask Doris for information as to what routing she had attained for me, whether I went via Cleveland and then changed to some other kind of transportation, or whether I went all the way to Chicago on the Erie bus. Also at this point two men pushed along in front of me and I remember looking at a map they had in their hands, and it said it was a map of Vietnam that was somewhat water-soaked. And the coloring on the map had run. For some reason in the dream it seemed as if I had the impression of having recently been in Vietnam myself. Just as I was asking the ticket man as to the price of the tickets, I was awakened.