This dream is a flashback and it seems to take place in a hotel room in which is sitting an older man and a younger woman. The older man is me and the younger woman, I believe, is enamoured of me. The topic of conversation is the Coconut Grove Playhouse with which I was familiar many, many years ago, according to the dream, back in the year of its inception. And the specific topic of conversation is a particular performer at the Coconut Grove Playhouse when I was there. In other words, this dream was taking place, I believe, somewhere in the east and somehow seeming that I have not visited the area in which the Coconut Grove Playhouse is located for many years. And the particular performer at the playhouse was a beautiful young girl who died shortly thereafter under mysterious circumstances. And it was a bit of a sensation at the time because she was quite young and she was also a good performer. It strikes me that the playbill featured her in a bathing suit of some sort and under that was listed her name, and I see this playbill as it appeared in the showcase at the Grove Playhouse. Listed is the girl's name and next to it is her known former chief preoccupation, or occupation, or environment is school in quotation marks. And this particular little tiny piece of information which has her name and the word "school" next to it is in gold leaf. Well, the conversation continued and my girl friend that was with me asked me about the death of this girl, and I said I really didn't know anything about it. And she said, "But your name was implicated at the time." And she said that is it true or something like that, that this girl died and shortly after that her father died and then her mother died. And I believe I made some kind of a comment like, "When they go, they go big." And my girl friend said, "It was such a shame that there was nobody even there afterwards to remember her." And I think I repeated the statement I had just made. I believe there was another part to this dream in which I may have been actually somehow involved with the Coconut Grove Playhouse. In regard to the time sequence of this dream, the scene that is taking place in the hotel somewhere in the east, is about 20 to 25 years after the incident that happened at the Coconut Grove Playhouse that is being discussed. And the girl friend that I'm with strikes me as somewhat of a sex kitten type. And I seem to be in my 50's and much heavier. And even though this girl is young enough to be my daughter, I don't really think of her that way. Her interest in this girl who was a performer seems to derive from the notion that she identifies to an extent with her because of her youth. In other words, they were both about the same age when I was involved with them or seemingly involved with them, and they were both attractive. In the word "school" that appears under the playbill, there -- the quotation marks are somewhat exaggerated and the one to the left of the word is as it should be, but the one to the right of the word, instead of being place in its proper position, is placed with -- near the bottom of the word rather than near the top. And this set of quotation marks has the tail at the top so that the top of the tail is just about even with the bottom of the letters of the word "school." This is the only unusual feature in the dream. The day residue for this dream: I just saw a picture of a girl in a bathing suit today, that is well known to me. The girl, that is, not the bathing suit. The male, the character, well, me in the dream, the person I was, I seemed to remind me to some extent of my father's uncle who passed away many years ago, but who was a -- he was a bit of a man about town and his years did not seem to impede his sexual prowess or his behavior or the age of the girls with whom he went out at all. And in the dream I kind of felt like him. The feeling that bothers me is that there was about him a slight air of deception.