This dream takes place in the navy. It seems that I'm going to summer camp and we arrive by plane to the summer camp. The first thing I remember is that I'm in small building where everyone is to do something or other. There seems to be no one in particular in charge except for the top sergeant. He has a book of rules and regulations in his hand from which he eventually reads and there's a group of fellows in my room. It seems that later on he picks one out in particular fellows in my room. It seems that later on he picks one out in particular and bawls him out quite severely. In this group there is one new fellow. This is his first time and he's quite impressed by everything. He is commenting to someone else how amazing this sight is to see this chief petty officer chewing out an ensign. This is not the case at all. One of the men is a commissioned officer, they're both non-commissioned officers. He seems fascinated by all these rules and regulations, telling me, and _ of the things he said are not rules and regulations, but just part of the chewing out of being unmilitary or something. Then it seems that the scene switches and it's later in summer camp. They've just come back from some type of duty and again there's e a group walking into my barracks. We're all talking. Somebody mentions the fact that there's someone upstairs who is renting a room. This is somewhat unusual on a military base. It turns out to be a sailor who has gotten a leave or discharge or something and he is unable to leave for one week, so he has to remain there as civilian personnel for a week and rent a room. There was somebody with this guy who was renting the room. Then someone recalls that we had landed at the beginning of summer camp and gone to this peculiar little shack like building, the first thing and we had to laugh about it, how typically disorganized things are. This is supposedly a chief example. There's one character who appears in this dream that I know from school. His name is Clay. He's a rather snobbish, obnoxious sort of person. He just appeared vaguely in the dream. Day residue: I start summer camp in a number of hours actually. This character named Clay is in the naval reserves. I've been speaking quite a lot today about summer camps and how quickly things are always fouled up in the military service.