This is a dream about school. In it I am communicating to a friend about my opinions and evaluations of the University of Miami psychology program. I mention to him that it's filled with weird characters, and as I make that statement, images of Swisher and Allen and others pass in some self-revealing statements or actions. Then I begin to review the nature of the assistantships, and I state that some require a great deal of work, actually an inordinate amount of work and some require almost no work. There's a lot in the middle that are average and they tend to balance one another out, but not on an individual basis. Then an image of one of the assistants, Art Yehle, enters and he's in the process of grading a final examination in an advanced psychology course. He's grading the first section of the examination and he turns to me and says: "Would you like to see a real wild chase?" or something like this. He shows me one of the answers of the students which is a complete misinterpretation of the question and 100% wrong. He writes in big letters across the top of the question or answer rather, "interpreter," and by this he means that the student has written down a question on the exam as an answer and it seems that this is fused with an image of the windshield of an old convertible Model T Ford or some such car because the windshield is square and mounted on 2 large supporting rods on either side so that it would swivel. It's not square. Actually it's rectangular and flat. Then all that appears in the upper left-hand corner of the driver's side and written across the window in letters that are a yellow, brown and red plaid is the word "interpreter." It's such that it represents an accusatory statement and accusing the person of cheating actually because implying that the person just looked at somebody else's paper and copied a question rather than the answer in a seemingly frightened attempt to get something down on the paper. Now beneath the word "interpreter," the windshield has a slight break in it. There's a hole in it, as a matter of fact, about 2 inches in diameter over which a small net is scotch taped on. This net is in the shape of, I believe it's called a weather sock, you see on top of airport hangars. It's conical and about 7 inches long, and it has a yellow plaid design on it, not as complex as the other plaid though. At that point the dream seemed to have ended. I got the feeling that Arthur was taking a sadistic glee in having discovered this error or someone's approach to the examination. In regard to the images I had when I mentioned to my friend that the place was filled with weird characters, the image of Swisher also included one of the female graduate students with whom he has been ________ have been having a bizarre relationship. The image of Allen is one in which he is seen from slightly above the waist up. He's complaining or wailing about something. I think it's  a textbook he's justifying as valid for a particular course. At any rate, it's some very inappropriate and super-defensive kind of argument he is putting forth. Then I believe there's a slight impression of Fisher and his whole out-of-touch approach with regard to psychology. At the time which I am talking or with Art Yehle, we are actually in his office in the psych dept. I get the impression that he is Tedeschi's assistant. In regard to the image of the windshield, the weather sock, or the analogous structure that's taped on the windshield is blowing into the car. That is, it's pointed on the inside of the windshield. The word "interpreter" is read correctly from the inside also. It's written just above this weather sock at a 45 degree angle. Day residue: I passed Granville Fisher's galleries today in the car and my thoughts became filled with this other kind of activity about Fisher and thoughts of the department and other people. This lasted only about 3 or 4 minutes. I remember reading a couple days ago, yesterday, that the A and P was now giving out plaid stamps in half of their stores for the first time in their history, they were giving out trading stamps as a move against competition. This accounts for the plaid designs. The weather sock, though it looked like a witch's hat, just the top part, and this perhaps is associated with the story I read in Life Magazine in which a witch's hat figures as one of the elements that is on a map and this drawing of the witch's hat supposedly  represents, it's called a _______ which used to be called a sombrero.