There's a part to this dream I don't recall too clearly. I don't recall it at all now. My memory picks up with two groups of two men, each group consisted of one lawyer and his assistant, and they are awaiting the verdict, I believe, of the judge or the court. And in order to pass the time, they are engaged in a bridge game. It seems to be taking place in what appeared to be a court room. It's empty all but for them. One of the lawyers who is younger than the other. The outcome is that one of them wins, and the one who wins is awarded a certain title in addition to his winning. This title is rather difficult to get because of all the previous groups that have played, 96 of the individuals have received the title that indicates that they are still at a comparatively beginner stage, and there's only 4 who have received title indicating that they are advanced players. Then an image of another person who may be a lawyer occurs in the dream and he is asked, "Well, how do you pass the time before you receive the verdict?" He says, "Being of the Czechoslovakian extraction, I play chess," and this is followed by the image of one of his former classmates somehow presenting the picture of him as he was when he was a student. And he comments that he's changed a great deal since then. We used to have a slogan about him, and I believe his last name was Lupke, and this slogan used to be "Lupke can." I then see a newspaper, a school newspaper, that has a picture of him. He's wearing glasses, smiling, and under the picture is an article about him. The title of the article is some sort of a pun which involves this saying they have about him. The pun I don't understand. It consists of 4 words and 2 of them are in a foreign language which I don't understand either, but they are ___ileut _____ ___ileut _____ and it's repeated twice. Then it's followed by the words "can-can," like the French dance. It seems to me that this scene changes completely and my next thought was requesting Dr. Hall to get me a drink of water. This is the 2nd glass of water I've asked Dr. Hall to get me, not the first one. This second glass I'm asking for in the dream, and in order to get this glass of water, Dr. Hall walks out of this room by the outside door and fills the glass at the water spigot on the outside that he uses for watering the grass. I believe it has 4 ice cubes in it, partially melted. I believe in the other part of the dream, where all the characters are involved, that the person's name is Lupke. I think he first name is Hans. The younger lawyer looks like a television character, not a character, but a television celebrity who I think is obnoxious. He's a replacement for Johnny Carson from time to time and he speaks with an affected southern accent. Although he is southern, he pushes the accent. I just don't recall his name. I got the feeling that the person who was keeping the score, one of the players, was from Abseeken, New Jersey, but I'm not certain of that. In regard to Hans Lupke, when he was asked, "What do you do?" he answered about playing chess. I believe there was a chess set present in that image. In regard to this newspaper article, I actually saw the newspaper. The glasses that he was wearing had completely round lenses and they were very large, a style that is or was typical of the 20's, but which is coming back in now, especially in sun glasses. Those who were playing bridge, I got the feeling that this is what is ritualistically done at this particular time by all lawyers who are in this situation. Day residue of the dream: The chess set, I believe that derives from an article I read in Life Magazine about the dop experiments in which one of the subjects was able to separate all the chess pieces by color. The bridge game is, I think, associated with a comment Gilda made to me about her mother's maid who is able to play bridge. It was rather surprising to me that she was. I learned this about a day ago, one day ago. Then I saw on television an unusually, an unusual can-can, the choreography was very unusual. I don't think I particularly liked it.