This dream takes place at the University of Miami and the last scene is all I recall. It's about a stage play arranged to be performed by various members of the student body. I have helped in the arrangements of this. I'm also taking part in them as an actor so the night of the production comes the audience is _________. It was ____________ audience and it seems that everything is going fairly well. I'm greeting a lot of people and standing outside of the theater with slacks and a shirt on. I'm completely dressed for my part. I greet many people as I say one of whom is an old friend from up north and we're both very glad to see one another, and I know before I go into the theater, I meet this friend in the theater, that's' right. As we're going into the theater, it's necessary for me to put on a bow tie, which is red. I have my jacket in my hand. I have a copy of the script with me. I get into the lobby to meet this friend. We're conversing and I'm telling him about this, and to walk backstage because I have things to do. So I walk backstage kind of watching the show. This is the first act. The screen or the curtains are arranged in a convex arc so when they're drawn back they come back in both directions. The act is over and apparently the curtains are partially closed during the act, but for some reason they open them all the way even though it reveals all the backstage. My friend and I stood opposite end of the curtain, kind of kneeling down in order to stay out of sight of the audience. The curtains are pulled back so far that we are revealed. A girl I know at the University, Jerry, is in the balcony. She's all the way up front. She sees me and she yells, "You have heart," in the first act or, "You have part in this." I'm shocked because I didn't really think I did. So I get out the script and I look it over, and the audience at this point is applauding because the act is over. Various actors and actresses are bowing and I hear some tears, someone crying, one of the actors or actresses. I immediately assume it's because I missed my cue. Sure enough, I find a couple of short speeches that I should have said and I'm chagrined by this, very upset. So finally the first act ends and the second act begins. Now I know I have part in this act. They were watching very carefully that I pick up my cues properly, but the part isn't for a while. Then all of a sudden Chippy appeared from the side of the stage. It was John Putnam being followed very closely by Don Kirtly. Both of these boys are blind and it looks like Don is chasing John who runs across the back of the stage. I know that Don has had a large part in the production of this play and I'm upset because he appears highly agitated. But his agitation doesn't surprise me because I fully suspect that he could get this way, but I'm upset because he is this way on this occasion. I grab hold of him by the legs. I'm sitting on the edge of something with my legs hanging over and I call him and I say, "Don, what's the matter?" As soon as he kneels down to speak with me, I can tell he's very drunk because he has a heavy odor of liquor and he's half in tears and saying something like, "I'm going to close this play down. They haven't treated me fairly," or "I've been cheated," or something like this. He's complaining bitterly about this and being taken advantage of. Just before I grabbed his legs to pull him down, he pulled a large switch which turned off some lights. They weren't supposed to be turned off, but it didn't have too much of a serious effect. He's crying and complaining and I'm trying to give him solace. Several people backstage see this and they kind of smile an indulgent smile and also a smile that seems to say, "We're glad that you've got him on your hands, not us." I recognize this and I dislike this attitude, but I try to ask him what's wrong and he's reiterating these statements. I think he says John let him down. So did a lot of other people. Then he starts becoming very self-defacing. He starts to criticize himself. I realize that if I don't do something, he's going to get worse and worse. I start to tell him not to let these people bother him and Dr. Jones is full of shit, not to be upset by his attitude. It's none of his damn business anyway what Don does in his private life. Don says, "Yeah, I know, but he's involved anyway." Then I say to him I think I know better than he what the consensus of opinion is of Don, what people think of him. I go on to explain to him people think very highly of him. They have respect for his ability and his knowledge and recognize his ability as a student and a person and have great admiration for his courage and dedication. I continue in this vein and this seems to very quickly bring him around. He suddenly stops crying, begins to smile, and then when I'm finished, he says, "Let me hear it again." I kind of laugh and say, "Well, you know this is true, Don." I repeat parts of it. In the meanwhile I had been frantically glancing at my script to try to be certain that I wouldn't miss any more cues and the play has been going on. I get the feeling that I haven't missed anything. There's also a slight feeling of uncertainty and that I might miss them because I just can't seem to get away from Don. I don't want to disappoint all these people again by missing any cues. I get the feeling that this whole thing is going to be very unpleasant if I do miss. The point at which I first encountered Don and stopped him, an image of his wife occurred at this point. She frequently has served as his protector. It seemed to me, I guess, that she was needed now, but somehow she was really incapable of giving Don the kind of understanding that he really needed. I was aware that I was rather reluctant to do it myself. Day residue: I saw Jerry recently in school and had occasion to converse about the Coconut Grove Playhouse momentarily today.