This dream takes place in some kind of an unusual building, a castle maybe. I am there with a friend, male friend of mine, and two girls, I believe. The one girl is extremely attractive and very nicely built, and the other girl is also attractive, but not as nicely built. Her hips and buttocks are rather fat; not fat, but almost fat. I believe that in an earlier part of the dream, in various encounters with the more attractive of the two girls--the better built of the two--I believe I had intercourse with her at least once. Then this male friend had seemed to be performing a required and necessary job, such as standing guard duty, some such thing. As we were coming off guard duty, we walked past the girl, the heavy buttocks, and she has on a very skimpy costume such that about 60 percent or more of her buttocks are exposed, and I give them sort of a pat. The friend of mine and I are discussing what's going to happen when we get back to the other girl's chambers. For some reason, we both are aware that she is angry at me. We seemed to be walking across some sort of a roof or possibly through some kind of turret, and as we come upon a staircase that goes down, there's a railing around the top. Up to this point we've been walking very jauntily and discussing this situation very pleasantly, because in spite of the fact that I feel she's mad at me, we both seem very confident that this is a very temporary situation, and our discussions centers around how we can bring this anger to an end as quickly as possible and how we are going to share this girl's favors. So at any rate, as I reach the staircase on top of which there's this metal railing shaped like a circle, except that it's an interior bisection of a circle, I grab hold of this section and do a handstand. As I do it, my pants come down, indicating to myself and my friend that I was getting ready to go to this girl's chambers rather nonchalantly long before I was even there. My friend and I laughed quite a bit at this. Then I come down and we're discussing what is the wisest approach to make. He suggests that we both go down and sleep with her together because she's mad at me and she won't do anything with either one of us, and that she would feel better if we were both there because then she could show how she was angry at both of us. Then the plan was that he was suggesting that after about an hour and a half, I would get up and leave, assuming that she was asleep at this time, in other words, leaving her with him. Then he said, "You can have her Wednesday and Thursday nights, and I'll have her again on Friday night," seemingly indicating that this was taking place on Tuesday. I thought about it and I said, "No, I don't like that idea. I want her tonight." And then I said, "No, I think that is a pretty good idea after all. I think we will do that." We started to go down the stairs and at this point I awoke. The castle or the building must have been on some sort of a hill because as my friend and I were walking across the roof and between various turrets, we could only see the sky. We couldn't see any land around the castle. The girl that was wearing the costume, the costume was black. In spite of the fact that her buttocks were kind of fatty, due to the peculiar stance, I should imagine this girl had lordosis. As my friend and I were discussing how we were going to partake of the other girl's favors, it was accompanied by an image of her in her bedroom with a large bed with a canopy over it, and the room contained a large number of drapes. I envisioned her and her anger at us as a kind of pouty anger. She reminded me of kind of a sex kitten. The friend who I was with is a person I went to high school with, and that I even worked at the same places with for a while. Although he and I never had such an experience, as sharing a girl, we have often discussed our sexual behavior with females with one another, although there wasn't very much to discuss in those days. The girls' costumes and the nature of the girls may be related to a conversation I've had. As I was saying, I had several conversations today about a girl who used to work at the Playboy Club, and this girl was, I would say she bordered on a nymphomaniac, but at any rate there was a great deal of talk about her sexual behavior. Besides, she was previously employed at the Playboy Club as a bunny. The working arrangement that my friend and I had with these girls, although it was rather obvious to everyone, was kept alive only because it was done with some element of coy romanticism.