This dream takes place in the experimental setting. It's a projection into the immediate future. I find myself in the same room one hour after awakening at which time I'm trying to go to bed __________ of the fact that I intend to go out and stay awake tonight. I'm standing in the door. I had socks and slippers on. I reach over with my one leg and scratch my ankle with my slipper. A whole bunch of what appears like sawdust falls out of the sock, not much, a little bit, two colors, dark brown and yellow, wood colors. Then I bang this thing from which this in which the sock, is yeah, hold it a minute. The same foot from which the sock is that heeled this, I bang it up and down on the ground, more falls out and it becomes live ants and they scurry away in all directions. Then in the purpose of cleaning them up, whatever is left there, I somehow have in my hands a tan plastic dustpan. It has a lot of paper labels on it that I'm taking off. There must be about five or six of them, all places and all over I'm taking them off. While doing this, I hear Dr. Hall and the maid coming down the steps discussing her salary. She's apparently just requested her pay and he says he can't pay her because he doesn't have any money, and he suggests that she be satisfied with being paid twice a week as he has done with her in the past. Then the thought of there being one chicken dinner left in the freezer for Dr. Hall for dinner enters my mind, and then I think of my plans for the evening, which are to go to the Playboy Club. I think to myself that I would like to invite Dr. Hall to join us. Then a very peculiar thought enters my mind and that is, more than a though perhaps, I think it's a conversation. I'm not really sure, with Gilda, and she objects to this idea on the grounds that Dr. Hall is liable to get tipsy and rowdy, and as absurd as I think this is, I think to myself, "Well, I'm going to be leaving soon anyway; why should I make problems when it's really not necessary?" So I believe I acquiesce to her demands. I think this is where the dream ended. My thoughts in regard to asking dr. Hall to join us involved a feeling of showing a more personal manner of expressing my liking for Dr. Hall and the many things he has done, and appreciation for the many things he's done for me. It was as if I had said to myself, "It's about time I do something positive." In the dream I was thinking about the Playboy Club, I believe an image of it accompanied the action; even though it did not take place there, this image of it was present, the image of it as it really appears on Biscayne Blvd. For some reason I thought that since Dr. Hall was coming down the stairs with the maid, it was nighttime, and then when I was thinking about going, getting ready to go to bed, thinking later thoughts in the dream, it was daytime. Dr. Hall's attitude toward the maid and their conversation seemed to project a feeling of his wanting to communicate to her, his apologies for not having the money to pay her and at the same time attempting to placate her and feeling somewhat humiliated by not having the money, but at the same time, bothered because he had to do this at all. My feelings when Gilda objected to the plans to take Dr. Hall to the Playboy Club was a feeling of surprise because I would have never anticipated this type of attitude from Gilda. It was one of coldness and disregard for my feelings and somewhat regressive for me in that I actually acquiesced to her wishes which were counter to mine, and mine were quite strong on this matter. The scene that took place with the sock, ants and everything was in completely natural color. The room, my body, the clothes, everything was the same color as it really is. Even though I think I heard Dr. Hall and the maid, but I think that they actually walked thru my room and she left by the door of my room, but somehow I think the room was a little bit bigger so as I was standing there, they kind of passed thru and didn't even notice me. The socks in the earlier part of the dream seemed to be very thick wool socks so that it was not incongruous that this stuff fell out from them. It could have been in there because they were so thick. When I saw these little particles of what appeared to be sawdust turn into ants, I wasn't too shocked, but I thought then they were probably spores or these little egg cases that seem to all break open at once. I'm not sure whether this is part of the dream or not, but I think as I was dictating the dream, I thought one of the electrodes definitely came off, tape and all, but now I just checked them and not a single one of them came off. I was so certain it had. I'm not sure, but perhaps tugging on one of them might have awakened me and maybe I thought that it came off. The notion of going to bed again, just an hour after having run through this, multiple awakenings, seems to be rather strange, like I'm spending all this time in bed sleeping, but then it was kind of countered by seeming to need to get more sleep because of the anticipated late hour I would get to bed after having gone to the Playboy Club. In regard to the part about Gilda's expressing the wish counter to mine, it's a very difficult thing to describe because I don't believe she was here, and yet it seemed as if she was, almost as if she appeared for that short moment to express her counter opinion.