In this dream I play the part of an Air Force hero. I remember that as I'm shot down, I think to myself, "I have won every single award, but this last one is the wounded astronaut award. Now I will certainly win it because I'm seriously wounded." Next scene seems to be I am recovered by the Air Force in an attempt to save my life, but they somehow fail and I'm declared dead. But in truth I'm not dead. I'm _____________ and I appear to be dead. At the graveyard with all military honors I'm being buried. My wife and child are standing slightly down from a small hill on which I am being buried. There is a group of six military men from the different services lowering my casket into the grave. On my casket is like a small window. One of the military men, I think a Marine, shouts to the others that he sees smoke from the window. The window is becoming clouded up. By this he means that I'm still breathing and alive, so they quickly pull the casket back up and someone leans over close to me and listens or something and they discover that I am alive. They call the commander that was right nearby to tell him. An ambulance is brought and I'm rushed to the hospital and they discover that there's only one kind of a piece of equipment that can save me. It's some kind of a huge electronic resuscitator of some kind. This is now night. The only place that has it is right nearby, but it belongs to one of the other military services. It was in a warehouse and they need it immediately. No one can be contacted immediately. It will have to be taken, stolen from them. So a small group of Air Force men, about 6, rides over quickly to the warehouse where it is. Before this happened, however, the commander was informed that I would need some special equipment and at the moment he was informed, he was sitting in his limousine. The person who was informing him was leaning through the window speaking to him. Then he said in response that he didn't understand why that was so because the meat was good enough for them, and by them he meant 2 chimpanzees he had with him that he pointed to, and the man leaning in the window said, "I'm afraid you don't understand. He needs thus and so." I guess he named the piece of equipment or described the seriousness of my illness to him. He said, "Oh, that's something else." Apparently he gave the order to these 6 men to try and steal this piece of equipment. These 6 men pull into the front of the warehouse, the doors of which are all open and the warehouse looked more like a hangar, but it was being used for a warehouse. In front of the warehouse there were 5 men from this other service playing some kind of a game. One of the 5 was a giant. He was about 7 _ or 8 ft. tall and the men looked at one another and said, "Well never get through them," because the 6 of them, the Air Force men, happened to be kind of slightly built. These other men are Army men. They were kind of building a human pyramid of sorts, but not quite. It was less than a human pyramid and they seemed to want to be able to walk in this position that they had gotten themselves into, with one man on the other man's shoulders and those 2 men somehow supported by other men. I forget how. The big giant was helping to get something done. He was lifting one man up and putting him on the other. So they proceeded to walk about 3 or 4 ft. and a couple of the Air Force men walked over. Several of the Army men turned toward them and growled, "What do you want around here? Don't get near here. You better stay away from here." They said this with a great deal of anger and threat in their voices, so that the Air Force men just shrugged their shoulders and walked away. Then more Army men seemed to appear and it seemed as if it were time for a coffee break. They started whistling a tune that they all were sort of marching to, not marching, but they were just kind of keeping step. There must have been 12, 13 or 14 of them. They strung themselves out about 8 long and 2 deep. Right around there in order to keep step there were several that would skip one step to get back in step with the rest. As they were going through the hangar door, some of them were skipping steps just to keep in step with the rest of them. At this point their heads were sort of bend down watching their steps. This was when one of the Air Force men picked up the tune and started whistling it and kind of walked thru another door. They were walking thru a door at a 45 degree angle, thru these huge doors and half the line was in the door and this other guy, this Air Force guy, walked thru the adjoining door and ended up right in front of the line. As he did so, he skipped a step and continued to whistle with his head down so that nobody noticed him. About 2 seconds later 3 or 4 more Air Force men skipped into step in the back of the line whistling and thus they had succeeded in entering the warehouse in order to get this piece of equipment and that's where the dream ended. The commander's or the general's chimpanzees were dressed and they must have been cold because the general himself had a heavy winter blue overcoat on. The chimpanzees I don't know what they had on. One had a white blouse on and as he said the words that the meat is good enough for them, he was looking out across the front of his limousine into the surrounding scene, which was an air field. It was seemingly located near a large body of water which was partially frozen over with big chunks of ice in it. His limousine was also Air Force blue. The main character or hero was me. I felt that at one point in the dream I was somewhat Walter Middy-like. My wife and child or children, I'm not sure, were dressed all in black, and the small mound or tiny hill on top of which I was being buried was covered with very green grass. I'm not sure if I mentioned this, but I had been shot down while in my plane somewhere, apparently in enemy territory or something. I wasn't really very aware of the enemy. The Army men in front of the warehouse, which was all lighted up inside, had T-shirts on and their olive drab pants, pants to their work clothes. The tune that was being whistled was one line of music and it almost sounded like classical music, but it could have been anything. It's very clear, but I don't recognize it. There was an earlier part to this dream concerning my adventures as this Air Force hero of some sort, but I can't seem to remember. Just this week, Tuesday, I was going down to Homestead Air Force Base to make up one day's drill, at which time I noticed that there were a lot of Army men on the base. I asked one of the Air Force men why there were there. He said they were there for the Cuban crisis and they hadn't been moved yet. I was kind of surprised that they were still there. I think just yesterday or the day before the only bachelor astronaut got married and I just read something recently in two different places about chimpanzees. I don't remember what it was, though. I remember while I was at the Air Force base looking at a picture of the commander of one of the sections, thinking how ugly he was.