I dreamed I had awakened and was recording this dream, at which time Dr. Hall walked in and interrupted me. This is in the dream. The dream went like this: something had happened here at the house first; I don't remember what just now. I found myself near Gilda's home and I picked her up and we went out to about a block away from her house on to Ponce and there a parade was about to pass. Also on the corner was a gas station. I became engaged in conversation with the gas station attendants who were fixing a car. This might have been an earlier scene in the dream. I told them I had come down there because I was interested in seeing if I could help them fix somebody's car. It was a very embarrassing situation because they were seemingly capable of doing it, yet I had met the boy who owned this car earlier somewhere, and explained to her that I wouldn't mind helping her because she was complaining that these guys couldn't fix it. So therefore I represented myself or presented myself in a rather difficult situation. They were rather mocking of me and they said, "Just what do you want to do? What do you expect to do here? Do you expect to get a salary?" And I said, "No, I just thought I'd come down and see what they were doing, and see if I could make any suggestions or anything." I had brought something with me, I don't know what, in order to help. It wasn't a tool. I'm not certain just what it was. At any rate, after a while we became friendly and then later on I was near the same spot with Gilda and we were watching this parade that was about to pass. There was a small crowd of people around us. I was conversing with Gilda about the parade and it seemed that Mayor Robert King High was going to be in the parade. It was some kind of a fantasy sort of parade in that they had decorated floats with some kind of a theme. We were kind of laughing about the fact that Mayor High or somebody didn't want something in the parade. It seemed rather silly because it offended him and it was rather funny to us that this would offend him. At this point one of the fellows from the gas station came up to greet me and say hello and we talked a while about something. Then the next scene was I was in bed here recording this dream and as I was recording the dream or just before I was recording the dream, I looked at my watch and it said 10:20, whereas at this very time it says quarter of ten. As I was recording the dream, I heard Dr. Van de Castle and his family pull up outside, and I heard several of his children get out of the VW. I continued to record the dream, and one of them came in the door in the middle room here and then looked in this room, the door of which was open, and I heard one of his older brothers call to him from outside, "Don't close the door," meaning this door, and implying that he should stop staring or listening and just close the door, which I believe he did. And then Dr. Hall came in and said, "Oh, I see you have a dream." I said, "Yes." I said, "But if you don't mind, I'd like to go over it because I'm afraid I'll forget it." And I continued on dictating the dream. Then the door opened and two adults walked through. Seemingly I had met the one before in the dream, and he looked exactly like Dr. Karner at the reading clinic. He was being shown through the Dream Institute. This was like a live demonstration, sort of. At this point I woke up and realized to my surprise that I hadn't at all been recording the dream as I thought I had. Day residue for this dream: I was in a gas station a good deal of the day yesterday getting my car fixed. There was another part to this dream. In this earlier part of the dream, in this other part of the dream, I remember saying the following, I believe: "I'm going to shoot you with my gun except it isn't long enough," so I had to get this pistol to do it with, but to whom this was addressed, I don't know. The feeling surrounding this was one of anger at someone for having done something, I just don't know what. In trying to think of further day residue, an image came to me from another dream. It was not this dream. I don't know which dream it was, but I believe it might have been the 4th dream, and this image was only a small part of the dream, but it was myself again recording a dream. It became impossible because the tape on the tape recorder continued to tear and shred, and as a matter of fact, I played back a part of it to try to recapture what I had said so I could make sense of it. It would play back the little bit that it had recorded as you might expect a tape that is torn in place to play back. You'd hear a voice and then it would stop. Then you'd hear a scratching, rumbling noise, then you'd hear the voice again, then you'd near nothing, then you'd hear the voice again. Well, I guess until the tape finally -- it finally just tore apart. It was shredded and torn in many, many places. It was brown in color. The time I stated in this dream, which I stated was the actual time, was incorrect. I now look at my watch and find that it is 1 minute after ten, so from deducting the amount of time that this dream took, which I am not sure, it must have been about -- that is recording the dream took about six minutes, so when I woke up to actually record the dream, it would be somewhere around 10 minutes of 10. 