This dream takes place in front of this house where I believe Dr. Hall and myself are engaged in a conversation. Then somehow the ex-wife of the Dominican Republic, I think, Mrs. Devalie, is staying here with her present husband. There's an earlier scene to this dream. In this earlier scene Dr. Hall has entered this same room and asked me -- no, I ask him if I have had a dream. I'm not sure about that. We were conversing about something when all of a sudden he became somehow overcome by something -- some unknown attack of, that affected his breathing and he was not exactly gasping for air, but kind of gasping for air, as if he had lost control of his chest muscles. He was smoking a cigarette at the time. And I asked if there was anything I could do for him, and he just handed me the cigarette. And he was kind of partially convulsed in an attempt to recover his breathing at the proper rate, although there wasn't much actual sounds involved. It was like when a person gets the wind knocked out of him. He tried to recover his breath similar to this, except it wasn't so much in the solar plexus as it was in the chest region. Dr. Hall was also in his bathing suit when this took place. He was standing near the window to the left of my bed with his elbows resting on the window sill trying to recover his breath, which he eventually did. Then I guess we went outside. Then is when Mrs. Devalie came out. Oh no, there's another scene. It was before the one with Dr. Hall. I had arisen or somebody had entered the room. It was as if they were the next person to be engaged in multiple awakenings. It was a man and a wife, and his wife was a subject and she was pregnant. She walked off, I guess, in order to be prepared for being a subject. He and I engaged in a conversation, and it was raining outside. He was pointing out to something outside, and the rain was getting very heavy, and the water was getting deeper, and the curbs were becoming flooded. He was pointing to something that was moving in the driveway. It looked like a rock about 7 or 8 inches high. But it turned out to be a turtle. The turtle's head was bigger than its shell, and it had a very rock-like head. It was kind of distorted or uneven. We were both amazed at this unusual looking turtle. It was being harassed by some other small animal. It was trying to turn it over or bit it or something. This all took place during the day. It was all in natural color. The scene with Mrs. Devalie: Dr. Hall and I were playing some sort of game in front, baseball or throwing a ball back and forth. We might have even been cutting the grass, I'm not sure. We were doing something together, and she came out and we began to talk with her -- joking with her about her ex-husband who was dictator -- and I forget how it came out, but she said he had just gotten, she had just visited him recently and he had just gotten a new uniform or a new military uniform, his tan naval uniform. I kind of jokingly said, "His tan naval uniform" emphasizing the word "tan." She said, "Yes, he got tired of his pink one." Dr. Hall and I sort of chuckled over this, as did she. I said to her, as she and I walked toward the west end of the sidewalk,  and Dr. Hall stayed at the other end. We were going to get, I think we were playing this game, possibly just playing catch. I said, "Your husband's activities remind me of the hat game." And she said, "What is that?" And I said, "This is sort of a theatrical gag where a person has a whole bunch of different hats -- a cowboy hat, an Army officer's hat, a judge's hat, a priest's hat -- and as he keeps putting them on his head and taking them off, as he does so, he plays the role of this individual for the time that he has it on his head. And she kind of agreed this was a lot like her husband. Likes to play the hat game. In the first scene of this dream the turtle was a very unusual looking turtle and rather distorted, as I said. When this man's pregnant wife came in, I thought to myself, "Well, we're certainly getting a variety of subjects to run through for dreams. I thought it was a very good idea to have such a variety, especially this one, a pregnant woman. I think I was also glad that I was finished. In the next scene where Dr. Hall was having difficulty in breathing, I was quite upset by his seeming need or his seeming lack of need to get me to do anything for him. Calmed me down somewhat inasmuch as I thought he might have experienced this before, and it was a matter of a passing thing, sort of, but it upset me at first. His bathing suit was blue. Madame Devalie in the last scene is a Negro, or she's Negroid. She was a rather heavy set woman, but jolly and pleasant and charming. By heavy set I mean she was, she weighed about 160 lbs., I guess. She was pretty heavy. She was a big woman, about 5 feet seven. She had on a very long dress that came down to her toes. It was like a shift of some kind. That's where the dream ended, where she, just after she and I had conversed about this hat game. Day residue: I mentioned briefly my brother's wife today. She was pregnant about 12 days ago, at which time she gave birth. I recently read about a turtle in Grapes of Wrath.