This dream, as I recall it, begins earlier, but I remember it begins at a very elite party, very uppercrust, and for what reason, I have no idea, but I'm there. I believe everyone is dressed in tuxedos and evening gowns, and the instant that I clearly remember began when a most complex piece of design that was decorating the place is some way centrally involved with the activity of the evening, made out of cardboard or silvered (antepaper?) became disarrayed, and I think it was supposed to be my fault or something, but at any rate, I attempted to strike it out. The next thing I remember I was in a hallway and two women were helping me straighten it out, either one was on an end of it and that made them approximately 12 ft. away from one another, and I was underneath trying to straighten this rather complex design. I would sort of crawl on the floor from one to the other, trying to straighten it out because it seemed to be the only way. I became somewhat enamoured with one of the women, even though both of their skirts were rather tight around their knees, the one that I thought was also slightly interested in me, I may have kissed her on the calf and I believe she liked it and sort of presented her other calf to be kissed, which I think I did. Then just out of sheer devilishness, I crept back, fixing the design and kissed the other one on the calf, which didn't go over too big. As a matter of fact, I was quite certain that she was shocked and was possibly indignant about it, but I just chuckled to myself and continued about my work. The rather curvaceous and attractive woman at the other end was moving about and I caressed her legs again and put my hands on and then finally I think I got this complex design straightened out. Then I had taken it in my hands away from the ladies and there were finger holes up and down the center of it, from one end to the other, so that grabbed a certain way, it would open up into a certain kind of a design. I just grabbed and pulled it a certain way, but then the other woman who became indignant at my behavior said, "I'm going to inform my husband about this, " and the other woman and I, looking at one another sort of laughingly, and I said to her, mocking the behavior of the indignant woman, "But c'estime moi?" and she corrected it and said, "No, it's not _____, it's (certain moi)" or something like that. At any rate, she corrected my pronunciation smilingly. It was a rather inviting smile. She was very -- well, they were both projecting a very sensual interest in one another. As we continued to walk down this corridor, we came into a living room, sort of, and this woman was walking back, the indignant one, and the lady who I was with separated from me for a moment, and the indignant woman informed me that she had informed her husband of the unpleasant incident. Well, her husband didn't know me by looking at me. She just informed him of my name and at any rate as I walked by her, I realized her husband was an old man and he was sitting with a rather matronly woman. Now the picture becomes rather complicated. I happened to overhear his conversation with this woman and he is expressing to her that he, in very subtle ways, that he admires her, her attractiveness, and the conversation goes on in this vein. And she asks him, "What about your wife?" and he makes some kind of comment, I don't know, something like, "country widow," something like this, somehow implying that she's not with him and she's not anywhere around. She's in the country, or something like this. I think that was the phrase he used, something like golf widow, but he didn't use that phrase. By some deceptive scheme, I had prearranged it so that his wife was there. I don't know where I did this. It's not yet completely clear. It involved a friend of mine, whom I believe I somehow manipulated to appear as myself. A funny thing took place with the conversation of all of us, was in a very British accent. It was almost like a comedy of Shaw, although I dare say my dreams are not quite that good. At any rate, well, this other woman with whom I was rather beginning to become enamoured and interested, I gave her a pat on the rear end and said, "Now you take this tray of glasses and go in there and offer so and so a drink or something," and some way this was a feint, a manner of throwing this man's wife off guard, thinking that somehow things weren't as she thought. It was very complicated. I can't quite figure it out. At any rate, the upshot of the whole thing was that his wife observed him in this rather intimate conversation with the woman he was sitting next to. In other words, the old fat fuddy duddy he was, he was making a play for her and this struck myself and my new-found friend rather amusingly and we both had chuckled to ourselves as the man's wife stomped off in another direction, again rather indignantly. In the earlier part of this dream, there was something taking place in an auditorium, I believe, and it's just that I don't remember too much about the design, but as I say, it was extremely intricate. It was longitudinal and it had at one time been a solid piece of material which had been extremely carefully cut so that it opened into a very complex design, very symmetrical, and as I said, there were these finger holes down the left of it so that by placing one's finger in them, they're labeled which finger went where on the back of it, and how it was to be pulled so that the design came out. At the time it seemed like to get this design back together was a very crucial thing to the affair that was going on. Although in what way, I really am not sure. I had the feeling that self, well, that I was playing a role almost like an actor, and everything was going off according to the cue and the performance was just perfect. The whole dream had a tone of being a very farcical comedy in the old traditions, so to speak, a British comedy, with as I said, sexual overtones. I was just delighted with the whole thing. The old man whose wife I had infuriated was sitting at a very large, dark mahogany table with this woman whom he was making a play for, who was wearing a very low cut evening gown. She was rather fat, though, I won't say, well yes, sort of heavy and so was he. They both were stereotype sort of characters. He a fat old man, rich with a bald head and white hair, and he had a self-delusive quality of __________ as he was making it, so to speak, with this woman. She was something like the grande dame, completely bejeweled. Her rather large breasts were apparent at the top of the evening gown. I don't recall much conversation on her part. I got the impression that she was enjoying the whole thing, whereas the man's wife whose calf I kissed was really an attractive woman, but was somewhat, well, her attitude toward herself was that of an older woman. She dressed in a very severe and what I would say moralistic way, her makeup and her hair drawn back packed tightly into a bun, black dress. The women who I really dug was quite curvaceous and radiated sensual warmth toward me. This friend of mine in the earlier part of the dream was, that is the one that was serving as a dupe for me to get out of this fix I was in with this woman's husband, the one I instructed my new-found friend to go in with this tray of glasses and offer him a drink, that was a tray of cocktails or something and at the same time embraced him so as to indicate seemingly, yes, that's right, that she was completely interested in him and somehow thereby indicating that I was interested in this man's wife, that is the wife whom I had insulted. This was done in such a manner that this woman's husband would observe my friend, my male and female friends. It seems that at one point, before we got into the hallway with this fancy design to be straightened out, it was somehow carried up to the back of the auditorium, that is the entrance to it, the top of one of the aisles was a group of people there trying to straighten it out. And I was more or less trying to straighten it out too, and everyone was yelling at everybody else, "Here's how to do it. This is the way to do it." Everybody was trying to fix it at once. Apparently _____________ it had gotten dragged off into this hallway, I'm not sure how. I keep referring to this thing. It's really not that big and yet it seemingly has changed dimensions a couple of times. It's a very heavy paper like that you would find on milk cartons. The one side of it is silver, a cover with aluminum foil. The edges are scalloped, very small scallops. The nature of the design is reminiscent of the top of the, no, it's like a design I've seen upon occasion in this little window. It's done just the same way. The whole design is made out of one piece of paper, but when you collapse it, you can see by the way it was carefully cut, it can open up into this design. Day residue: This design reminds me of the top of the box of popcorn which the article appeared in its own aluminum box, and all you have to do is put on heat on the stove and it will pop. But the top of it is wrapped in such a way that it forms a design and as it pops, it unfolds and billows out. It's a design sort of thing, and the color is aluminum. The female which I became interested in is somewhat reminiscent of a girl I once knew by name practically, had seen her only once, but who later thorough a series of unusual circumstances, came to be a bunny at the Playboy Club, and she is very curvaceous and attractive, though she is not possessed of the more benign sort of personality that the woman in the dream had. I do plan on going to the Playboy Club this evening, and as a matter of fact, the place in which I intend to go there is the living room. One of the big scenes in this dream took place in what appeared to be a living room, having several levels to it, small levels, 3 steps up to one. The idea of an auditorium might also be associated with the Playboy Club since they have many rooms in which they have entertainment of all sorts and present it in all different ways. One particularly sensual element in the dream, I just remembered, was when these women were holding the design, and I was underneath trying to straighten it out, the woman I liked moved around to the side -- this is after I kissed her on the leg -- and she spread her legs apart, not very far because her skirt was tight, but she knew I was right there. It didn't really strike me at all as a gross gesture. It rather warmed me all the more. One additional bit of day residue is that one occasion Gilda and I, how we did I don't know, but for some reason we started talking to one another in a phony British accent and we were kidding one another with this, and this seemed to come in very big in this dream.