I was over at an old girlfriend house. Her name is Karen Hoskins. I was waiting there and she was trying to get her parents to let her go out, but they didn't want her to go out. While I was waiting in the house, I was looking at this collection of what looked like gold pieces and jewelry that one of her, apparently her sister or cousin, had gotten, and they seemed to be copies of her engagement ring and marriage ring and jewelry her husband had bought her. Karen didn't have any of these things. Her parents didn't want her to go out, but she finally got permission to leave and we left. As we got in the street, we saw an old buddy that had been in the Army, and I hadn't seen him for a long time, so we stopped into see him. He was having a party, the kind of thing where there was lobster and stuff to eat. The most outstanding thing was that he had grown so much. Before he went in the Army he was just a little guy. Now he was a great big guy when he came back. The jewelry collection was a collection of miniatures, small pieces that one of her relatives had gotten. The idea behind it was like, "See how good this girl cousin of yours is compared to you because you don't have any of this. You just go out and screw around and you don't get anything for it." When her parents finally relented and we left, we went by my buddy's house and I saw that he was back from the Army. We ran in and he saw me and recognized me. We ran up to each other and embraced each other. I could tell he was wearing his, no, he was in civilian clothes, but I knew the sergeant so I said, "Hi, sergeant, how you doing?" He was much bigger than before he left. He had grown in stature completely. He was my size now. Before he had just been a little guy. I thought he was through with the Army and had come out for good, but he wasn't. He was just on leave and he was going back in. It was a small dinner party, and I recognized his mother and there was another of his friends there, but I can't remember. I'm not sure. I think it was Francisco, but I'm not sure. While I was at Karen's house and she kept imploring her parents to go out, I had kind of an embarrassed feeling. I really didn't want to be there waiting for her to get out of the house. When we got into the party _____ insisted that I have something to eat. They were having what looked like rice and lobster, but it was obviously a planned dinner party for so many people. I said no, I wasn't hungry. He finally got me to eat some dill pickles from a condiment tray that was there. That was the end of the dream. The reason that I picked up Karen is that we were, I had planned anyway, I don't know how willing she would have been, to get the car, go out and park the car and have intercourse with her. That was the whole effort behind the thing. Day residue:  There was one little item in the miniature jewelry, there was a little round charm of carved gold, gold round charm carved with a design that I remembered from my wife's charm bracelet. In this miniature was also a bracelet. Then about a week ago an old friend came over and we discussed my buddy's coming back from the Army in March.