The dream begins in a bedroom occupied by one other person--a man about 35--not familiar. We are asleep--he on one side of the room and I on the other. Then the scene shifts to outdoors--very much like woods at first. For some reason we are in a very old car (black) backing up across a road and into the woods. We are both wearing pajamas  and are intending to sleep in the car alongside the road running through the woods. It is very dark and I can't see a thing, and because I am not sleepy, I am restless. The scene shifts again and I am alone in the car driving toward someone' s house. The scene shifts again and I am sitting on a huge rippling terrace of the Alice in Wonderland variety. There are two girls--twins--about 16 years old sitting in white iron lawn chairs on either side of me and an older woman, apparently their mother, in front of me sewing. I am staring at one girl because she appears to be daydreaming and while so doing, I begin to dream myself. It has been broad daylight since I arrived here, yet I am dreaming a nocturnal sort of dream--awake, staring and sitting up. I can dimly hear a conversation going on between the other girl and her mother. I begin "waking up" and looking back and forth from the daydreaming girl to her sister and mother. The girl who was talking to her mother is now laying down on her back toying with a flower or something. A conversation ensues where I am saying, "I once wondered if one could dream both in the past and present tenses at the same time, and now I know," or some such thing. I don't remember the comments after this, but it was snide and had a tang of ridicule on the part of the reclining girl and her mother. The other girl is still daydreaming. I don't know why, but I feel a liking for the dreaming girl, and a resentment for the other 2 characters. They seem like Cinderella, an ugly stepsister, and a mean stepmother. Neither girl is pretty and I am not attracted to them. In fact, I feel a paternal attitude. The scene shifts and I am back in the old car with the man--he is driving and it is backwards again on the same road. He passes the place where we were parked before, and so he pulls forward to the place. I light a cigarette with the old-fashioned car lighter and there is some confusion about getting the lighter back in the socket. Then we are walking down a river or canal and it is no longer a woods, but a jungle. Then we are at a grassy clearing alongside the river and the man is sleeping on some sort of elevated platform with me standing beside it looking into the river. I see (the moon is very bright and golden) in the water a huge clump of black snakes are swimming and become frightened and climb up on the platform where the man is asleep. Then the water becomes mired with hideous creatures flashing their teeth up at me. The grass in the clearing is suddenly teeming with creatures below me and I am too afraid to sleep. I see a snake slither through the grass, and then a pack of bright green rats. Then there is a pack of black and white tarantulas (or some such spider) just below. They are enormous for insects and I throw something at them, trying to disband them. When I hit one, it became angry and jumped up on the platform in the dark. At this point I was beside myself with horror and bolted upright in my bed--turning on the light and feeling frantically for a spider until I had fully awakened. <br/