This version of the dream was transcribed by Al on the tape-recorder the next day. The first record of the dream began early in the evening, sometime around mealtime. I had no definite plans for the night and I ended up by getting dressed and going somewhere that I can't identify where I went, but somewhere during the course of the evening even though I didn't have a date. I acquired one in some fashion or another and had a very good time. And after the date I recalled that I stopped off to see some friends or something to round out the evening very well. Anyway, as it ended up, I was in very good spirits on my way home, having had what I considered to be a very pleasant evening. The scene shifts then to me parked at the curb outside of the fraternity house where apparently I was living and it was raining very hard. And as I opened the door of the car which was a long, sleek black Dodge, a car which I despise. A girl came walking past the car, a girl whom I cannot identify specifically, but who seemed very familiar and she stood outside the car, and the door was open and I had my legs outside the car. And she was laughing and hollering because she was getting soaking wet. And she told me to hurry up so we could go into the house together and apparently this was a co-ed house or something where men and women were living, which is very strange because it was supposed to be a fraternity house. Nonetheless, I thought nothing of it at the time, and I was sitting there collecting things off the dashboard, cigarettes, lighter, small change and things--in other words, not jumping right out the car and dashing into the house as one would expect in heavy rain. And this is why she was laughing and hollering so much--it was so funny--she was just standing there getting drenched and we both thought it was very hilarious. Finally, we did go into the house and the scene ended. It picked up again --it may have been later of the next day or it may have been the following weekend whatever I was then with this other girl--the girl who had passed by the car whom I had run into the house with and apparently I had seen her previous to the time I had gone out or the week before when I had acquired this unknown date when I had such a very good time and apparently I had told her something to the effect that I didn't know what I was going to do and so forth, so as the evening began, she was reprimanding me in a mild, kidding, almost patronizing, paternal sort of way about the fact that poor little I had gone out and had a very bad time with the boys or riding about town worthlessly and that I shouldn't do these things. I couldn't seem to convince her that the fact was I hadn't had a miserable time as she was inferring. I really had a very pleasant time. I had spent a wholesome evening with a wholesome girl and enjoyed myself rather than being out shooting pool or something. It wasn't a very clear conversation but that was the gist of it--a reprimand. Then the scene shifts again. This is strange--as we were starting out--the reprimand took place while we were driving and it seemed that we were starting out from the fraternity house where we were both living and when the scene shifted we were back at the fraternity house, entering the front door and we were very dressed up in formal attire, apparently in our way into a dance because there was music coming from the ballroom off to the left and an air of festivity throughout the place, in the lobby as I--a smile on the hat-check man and so forth--this is the point where Gary awakened me but there's a great deal of description beyond this. I never at any time during the dream had an image of the two girls who played a part in the dream. I could feel their presence. I knew that they were there--I could sense what kind of girls they were, but I could not actually see an image of a face before me. Even so I knew what the second girl looked like. I could tell that she was tall and slender, and I could tell that I was not attracted to her in any physical or sexual sense--that rather I felt a very close comradeship. I liked this girl very much as a friend. I didn't seem to feel any sisterly attraction to her as I mentioned to Gary last night, but it could have been, but the only two people with whom I've had such a cordial, kidding relationship that I can think of--that is, girls--was last year--and one of them may have fit the description of the girl in this dream. She was sort of a clown. She is the only one I could identify the character in the dream with. However, I didn't see her face, so I don't know. As for the first girl, she was my conception of extremely attractive, even though I didn't see her face, I knew how she was built. She was small, that is, in the vicinity of 5'4"--very well built--a cute, pretty, wholesome appearance. All this I sensed. I never really saw any of it. The other strange thing was this fraternity house as I stood in the lobby wondering whether I should check this girl's coat, really didn't have the appearance of a fraternity house, but rather had the appearance of an officer's club. The only thing strange was that it appeared to be like the Officer's Club at the Washington Heights military base in Tokyo where I had gone frequently years ago to attend different social functions, a place of which I have pleasant memories. It was not like a college place, but had a sophisticated flavor to the whole thing. The only color I can recall--most of it was combination of black, white and grays, but there was one place--a lot of dim colors just as we entered the fraternity house--the place (the lobby) was lighted like a night club--blue-black appearance coming from the ballroom -- rather yellowish lights--lobby colorfully decorated--cannot conjure up any specific colors. As I sat outside the fraternity house in the car, it reminded me of the time when I sat outside the teenage club and kidded with the people--light-hearted, gay, banter--very pleasant dream--pleasant social interactions. This version varies in only two substantive ways from the dream as reported on awakening. First, Thor had had a date with the first girl, he had gone to pick her up and she was not ready, so he had gone to visit and have some drinks with friends (mixed sex). Second, the man at the hat-check counter was looking sour rather than smiling.