I dreamed I was in this class or a group of students, and there were two Negroes in the class. I had made friends with one of them, and we were at this meeting of some sort. Somebody, they were giving away a scholarship, and the terms they were kind of like they had this, what do they call those, pasteboards; mortar boards, not pasteboards. This instructor took this mortar board and threw it out into the crowd and whoever grabbed it got the scholarship. I wasn't particularly interested in the scholarship, I was just going to watch from the roof. He threw it out and one of the two Negroes caught the mortar board. It wasn't the one I was friends with. It was another one. It was alright. Then we were sitting down kind of out in the open as a class. We were getting some sort of lecture. I was sitting away from the class. One of my teachers came over and looked at my notebook and wanted to know why I was sitting way over here. My notebook had notes in it, so I was taking notes, and apparently the lecture was pretty boring, and the larger group was restless. And he said to the larger group if anybody's nervous about not getting a seat inside, which was some distance away, "I'll make Bedell here promise not to use his motorcycle." One of the students was there and he looked at me like, "Do you promise?" I looked at him. It was an old student I hadn't seen for a long time, one that was in my class four or five years ago. It was Liz Winston; I recognized her. And I said, "Yes, I promise." That's about all. Hall speaking: The two Negroes were both males. He didn't recognize the Negroes. The instructor was a male. Sam: The boy I recognized, this Les Winston, was wearing a yellow sweater, and also while we were sitting in a group, the colored boy that didn't get the scholarship was, he almost was Caucasian in his looks. He was colored, but in pigment. When the other boy caught the hat, we were settling down as a class. The person who had thrown out the hat, the instructor, said that, "Well, that's good. I'm sure you're relaxed." And the boy who caught it said, "Yes, I'm very happy, very pleased." And the instructor said, "Well, that settles one of our problems anyway." Then we sat down. The other colored guy said then, "Yeah, that settles Martha's problem then too," and this was a dig at me. This was a dig at me because Martha's in our class too and Martha is in one of my lab groups. I've taken Martha out to lunch or something and it's probably a guilt, you know, against my wife. That was the basis of the dig. Hall: If Sam promised not to use his motorcycle, then class would be seated and they would get an equal chance to get a front row seat, which is a desirable place to sit, and everyone wants to sit in the front rows. The boy in the yellow sweater is not in medical school with Sam, but is someone who was doing pre-medical work with Sam about a year or so ago. The boy's name is Winston, the one that is in the yellow sweater and that Sam used to know. The Negro boy that made the remark to Sam who said, "So is Martha relaxed," Same considered this a dig, but he just, that is, Sam just winked back at the Negro boy. He didn't feel particularly upset by this ______. The wink was covering a little twinge of conscience on the part of Sam because of his taking Martha out to lunch and so forth. The instructor was not recognized.