I'm on a city street, walking, there are lots of people around, I know at least some of them, that is to say I live here and am a part of this place, I belong here. It's daytime but the sun's not terribly bright - a workday. From somewhere comes a fire alarm, sounds like the one at work, and everybody starts moving to certain places, as though it's backwards and you respond to this signal by going underground rather than outside. There's no fear, everybody seems to know or assume it's a fire drill [and that's what it's called, too - there's no assumption that it's anything else, like bombs]. The place I'm going to is at a corner, and looks like a drain opening. I'm not sure exactly what to do, but Kay is right in front of me and she says we go down here. I'm thinking surely a person can't get into that, but as I get closer I see it's bigger than I thought. Still it looks awfully cramped, and I'm not looking forward to squeezing into it and maybe hurting myself, but Kay just steps into it and goes down like she's walking on a staircase. By George, that's what it is, and it's even big enough for more than one person. [I'm not conscious of the opening actually getting bigger, but surely it must be - it looked so very different from time to time as I approached.] Now we're part of a group steadily moving down the stairs to what looks like an Underground station. Kay goes off somewhere else, but I'm staying here in the near vicinity, and there are 3 or 4 guys sitting together in a sort of small auditorium, near the back. There's nothing actually going on in here, just people sitting through the fire drill, and I chat a bit with these guys. They're maybe in their twenties, buddies - I'm not entirely comfortable with them, they don't altogether want me in their group, but I don't want to go off anywhere by myself. We talk about getting something to eat - there's a sort of kitchen nearby, and the idea is something like (pizza?), maybe we could get that together. But I'm not sure, maybe I should get some fruit instead. I get up and I'm actually thinking about going up outside. [The idea is like there's a fruit-cart out there, or something - it's a bit mixed up with my basket of fruit on the counter. And this in spite of the fact that there hasn't been an all-clear signal yet, we're not supposed to go out - and I have the idea you stay down for quite a while when you do this.]