My first recollection of this dream picks up somewhere along a highway and I'm riding in a car with my family. It's an old car, a very old car, about a '53 Pontiac. The paint is very dull and I think it was the typical Pontiac green color. Anyway, it was rainy and drizzly. We were riding in the car and passing a woman hitchhiking on the highway, and I thought this was very unusual. A few hundred yards beyond there for some reason or another, something went wrong with the car. My father was driving and pulled the car over. This woman was just down the road. We all got out of the car and fooled around, looking at a tire or something. A few words passed between my mother and I, but I don't know exactly what they were. Somehow we were back in the car about to leave, as we hadn't left. As we got back in the car, oh now I remember. While we were sitting there, we invited the woman, I should call her girl from down the road, to sit in the car and stay warm. It was drizzly. As we were climbing back into the car, the back seat, I believe, we were saying to her that we were going the other way and she was saying, "Oh no." So we made her get out, but before doing so, arrangements were made, somehow or another, to meet her again somehow. Next thing I recall was driving into Washington, D.C. I remember looking around and I even remember the view as I came in the White House was on my left. As we came past the White House, the Capitol began to show right behind it. Right in front of me as we were going down the street was the Washington Monument. Of course, the city is not set up this way, but anyway this is the way it was in the dream, and I remember remarking over and over, "God, the White House is filthy dirty. It's not white." We continued and stopped the car somewhere around there for some reason that I can discern. We're out marching in front of the White House, either the White House or the Capitol, and it was my father and I and we were going to do some work on a couple of marble slabs out in the terrace of the White House or something like that. I remember as we were standing around discussing it, he handed me the car keys and told me to go back and get our tools because we had forgotten them. I got awfully mad about this and told him, "Why should I go do it while you're just standing around here?" The whole time while I was saying this, I was thinking about this girl who had something to do with it, but I don't understand what. At this point it becomes pretty hazy. I don't recall exactly what transpired between now and the next scene, but at the next scene we seem to be driving into what seems rather familiar. It seems like Miami. It seems like the surroundings of Miami, yet we're all calling it California. It looked like Miami to me, but anyway it was supposed to be Calif. And we had already made prearrangements to pick up this girl. By a bridge on the way into town. She was there. She got in the car and she had the appearance of being a conglomeration of several girls that I've known in the past. She looked like all of them. Whichever one it was primarily, I found her extremely attractive and I was in love with this girl, but it never came to that. This was the feeling though. This was the emotion I felt in the dream. From here there was some chatter about finding her a job and a place to live, something because my parents were responsible for her. I don't know why they were responsible, but somehow she was in their custody. The girl was dropped off and told to go look for some place. She didn't want to, but she was told anyway to go ahead and we all would be back later to get her. Then we'd all spend the day together or something like that. It was only a matter of a couple of hours and we were back. She was supposed to have found a job and a place to live and all that. I don't know where we were. Sitting in a restaurant, all of us. My father was perpetuating some sort of fraud with someone because I remember him saying to someone that the place she found to live was a specific address. Then the last thing I remember seeing was a newspaper lying across the table with this address written across the front page in headlines. The headline was that this girl had found an apt. I remember thinking just before I woke up that this was a lie. This wasn't true. He was lying that this girl was living at this address because I knew differently. This was just an address of some property that my father had owned or rented or had some association with, but was gone now. He sold it. I knew this official was questioning him where the girl was staying, and I knew he was lying. This is at the point where I woke up, I think.