Now I'm part of a tour. I am standing outside a store window, watching the actors do several scenes. A man and woman are acting. Suddenly he breaks from the rehearsal scene and sits in a chair and then gets up and puts her in the chair. She is trying to keep her composure and stick with the script. Then she backs up to a wall and says to him, "I hate it when you scare me." I watch this as a counselor and think, "No, that's not right." I can help her. I see a paper that fans are writing on and I see the actress's name is Barb V. I say to the woman tour guide, "What a coincidence. My name is Barb and my last name is Sanders. But my maiden name was V." (I was thinking that wasn't explained right. Actually V. was my mother's maiden name.) So I explain this in the paper and tell her that it wasn't the guy that scared her. It was her choosing to back up to the wall and be scared that was the problem! I figured she'd not see this for a long time and I went back to this house I was staying at. We were going on a trip on the bus, so now I'm very short and plump and have short hair, my name is Barb. I go to my closet to change clothes. I think I wasn't to wear a dress, but change my mind and put on white jeans and a blue blouse. I go out and get on the bus. Everyone else knows that the actress and her husband and a friend of theirs for me are already on the bus, but I don't. It's to be a surprise. I look for a seat, a single seat, for me, and everyone is grinning at me. So I finally find my seat at the very back of the bus. My needle-pointed cushion is on the seat. I sit and then turn and see the actress. We all laugh at the surprise. They introduce me to their friend, a small, plump, round-faced, black young man with short curly hair. I am disappointed and so is he. I think maybe he'll start feeling OK about being fat. I laugh because it's not likely and I realize maybe I could also feel OK about being fat. Then the music gets garbled and we hear the bus driver fiddling with the tape (the actress' sound tape) and says, "We'll have to cut out 'The killer Song.' He mends the tape after the Killer song and plays music again.