I'm with or associated with some branch of the government and I know the office where Adderly works (but I don't actually work there myself) and I have something to tell him about a girl who's the center of the case he's working, but I can't get to him to tell him. I've been at the scene where something had happened and there were a lot of men doing the police-y things they do at crime scenes, but I couldn't get inside, so now I'm here at the office but he's not. He does come in briefly but has to leave again right away and I'm pretty much at a loss and so are the other girls here. What we have is a kind of counter-office enclosure like you see in old buildings (I'm thinking of the car-license area in the Records Building, where there's public traffic and individual desks both) and 3 or 4 office-girls work in here, but they're not "operational", as it were. I give up and go outside the enclosure to go away and I talk to a girl I know who's at the front of the counter and sticking up through it. There's some reason for this normally but she's in here this time trying to fix something. There's a door inside that slides up and down to open the compartment where you sit with your head and shoulders (and arms?) out of the counter, to deal with the public. She's having trouble with the door and shows me. I commiserate and leave. After I leave I go for a drive (?) out in the country. As I continue on the road that led out of town it gets narrower and the fields grow right up to it and finally tall plants - corn, maybe, or wheat - are overhead and you can't see from side to side. I stop at the entrance to a sort of crafts fair or show or something, off to the left in a building or set of buildings behind the plants. [They remind me of another crafts fair I dreamed about, that was in something like a monastery. Very open place.] I go into a room where there are exhibits of Victorian lace and dolls and pretty bedroom furniture. At the same time a little girl and her mother come into the room, and the little girl is very pretty, dressed like a doll herself, and has a tail on a string that she's dragging around with her, as if it were a pull-toy. [Does she have a cat with her, as well? Dunno.] I look at this tail as well as I can without staring, and I think it's a cat's tail, but I think to myself, "surely it can't be - perhaps a rabbit's instead". [Notwithstanding rabbits' tails aren't long and striped.] Her mama says something to her, and the drift of the comment includes a remark about her kitties - such as a reference to "when we got blank and blank" (whatever their names were), and presumably one of them is still here [aha - does this mean she does have a cat with her?]. I ask casually what about the other cat and Mama says "Oh, he died" - of something or other - however she put it, it was made plain that the cat died naturally and this tail is a sort of memento for the kid. I'm relieved.