I'm at work [which isn't the library, at least as I know it] and I'm making records on some kind of imprinting machine - it makes plastic labels like a label gun does. I ask my supervisor what to call it, and (he/she?) says something incoherent and goes off. This has been happening lately, and it's getting worse. (He/she?) is a trifle hostile with it, and I'm wondering - along with the other people here - how it's going to end. (He/she?) is going off (his/her?) rocker, and yet is still the boss here. Mostly we're ignoring it and getting the job done anyway, but it can't go on forever. I'm on a roof or ledge, with a rail around it, not a very big place, just concrete, next to probably an apartment house. There are several other girls here with me, people I work with I think, and we're just talking. Across the street is a foreign-car garage - it doesn't look like one, of course, it's a small but architecturally interesting (stucco?) building with 2 sections, looking rather like cylinders. We know what it is because we know MT runs it - it's new, he just got set up and this is a pretty mature and positive thing to do. Also pretty classy, because he's working on fancy cars for fancy people. There isn't much room on this ledge and the rail isn't very high, but I lean out over it for a better look at this garage while we're talking. MT himself comes and joins us. He doesn't look like he used to. He's shaved his beard and his hair is a different style and he looks pensive and a little sad. [Actually, of course, it's not even MT's face, beard or no beard - it's still a small regular face with dark hair and eyes - also no glasses! - but it's a handsomer face with softer features.] I'm sitting on a concrete ledge on the street next to a vendor of pastries - this is a downtown area, very bustling, cosmopolitan - open-air bistros and vendors, pedestrians. MT is sitting on my right and a couple I know rather better are sitting on my left. We're all three chatting away, but MT is sort of detached and pensive. It starts to rain, pretty hard too, and I have an umbrella which after a moment's fumbling I get up and put over both of us. Me and MT, that is, and he seems a little surprised. The other couple get up and leave (I think to get out of the rain), but we stay and the rain slacks off. I talk to the pastry man a bit and he shows me his wares. It's a bit awkward with MT, we're both being kind of shy. I thought it was odd that the umbrella turned out to be big enough for both of us easily, but we don't have to squeeze up against each other. I find him only mildly attractive because of his looks and his shyness, but I'm sure the reticence goes much deeper and I don't like that. I'm sure I don't want to get involved with him.