I was working in the E.R. at a hospital. There was a patient standing in the hallway with an I.V. stuck in his arm and the tubing was stretched out across the floor. I started towards him to fix it where no one could step on it. Whenever someone would pass, I would tell them to watch out. Then came this little girl. I said, "Don't step on that tube, please." She said, "Go to hell!" Then she jumped up and down on it. The man screamed because the needle was pulling in his arm. I grabbed the girl and pulled her down the hall, where I found her parents. I gave them a piece of my mind. They made the little girl apologize a few times until it sounded like she meant it. I had to take the bus to get my car. Once I was on the bus, I couldn't remember where to get off. I was lost and confused. Then I spotted my car and asked to get off the bus. I went to my car and got in, but strangely it would not start. Then a gang of kids walked by. One of the girls noticed my car not starting and came walking over. It was getting dark and no one was around. She banged on the window and said, "Give me your money, bitch." I tried desperately to start the car. Finally, it started. When it started, the girl pulled out a knife. I struggled, but got the car in reverse and drove away as fast as I could. I was lost and could not find my way to the apartment I was supposed to be renting. Zack had made the arrangements and was supposed to meet me there. I stopped to ask, what looked like a bus driver, where Main Street was. He said I was not far; it was up just past the next exit. Then I was on foot again. Somehow I ended up running with the bus driver. He guided me to Main Street, and then he was gone. Zack was there. We entered the building, which did not look very nice at all. We went upstairs. I put the key in and when I opened the door, there were people sleeping in there. There was a man in the hall who said that it wasn't my apartment. He called the manager to come. There were many people hanging out in the hall now. When the lady arrived, she said she had another apartment, but it wasn't cleaned out yet. A man had rented it, but he left and didn't take his stuff. We went to see it. We were looking around and I noticed a pair of boots that looked just like my dad's. Then I saw some other stuff that was his. I called him. He said it was his stuff. When he got arrested, he couldn't go back and get it I told the lady what happened and started packing his stuff.