I'm at a small fair, an old-fashioned theme fair, taking place on a parking lot and in a small building or so, some booths set up inside. I've arrived in a little vehicle that's more like a table, painted red, that you operate single-handed, it sort of flies and sort of rolls. I came by myself, and I've run into Trisha and Lori - they knew I'd be here and we planned to meet. We've gone into this little building and Trisha and I are talking at the counter of this food booth while I look over what they've got and decide what to order. I know the middle-aged blonde lady behind the counter has seen me but she hasn't asked what I want. A man comes up to the counter and orders something (they have some interesting, old-fashioned food here) and I'm sort of vaguely conscious of hearing the woman say "That's the last one" but didn't know what she was talking about. Finally I turn back to see if I can order something, and see that all the food's been taken away and the place shut down. The woman and her assistant are still there around the corner and I go ask her how come she didn't wait on me. She's very brusque and uncaring and says I didn't seem to want anything, so she didn't ask. I feel very hurt and slighted - first she waits on that man before, giving him the last of something before I even get a turn, now she shuts the place down and I can't even get anything to eat. I'm hungry - this isn't fair. I'm also embarrassed that I got into this fix. I go out with Trisha and Lori, but I veer off when they're not looking and go to my "car" and go away. (To drive this thing you start it very much like a car, with both feet, then "drive" it with your hands and your feet trail out behind if you want, or you can keep them up - doing a kind of front bend. Mainly all you do is steer. I don't think you can go up very high, but the wheels on the legs don't always touch the ground.) I drive away and back "home" (I think) down a road with an open hill and wide view of town (much like Hampton hill), then to a neighborhood. [I think I live here - it's sort of like a cross between streets and an apartment hallway. Families live here, and know each other - somebody's always leaning out the front door and talking to someone, or having people over.]