Opening scene laid near my hometown. I was localized somewhere near the Rock Island railroad tracks about a mile west of my hometown where I had an excellent view of a train as it rounded the rather steep curve on the hill. There were 10 cars in the train, all except last being baggage or mail cars. The engine was of the Rock Island 1500 Class (in which the last pair of drivers are separated from middle pair farther than middle ones are from front pair). The last car was caboose-like, short and of a maroon color. It belonged to a circus. As the train rounded curve in the rather steep upgrade I noted that the engine's puffs rapidly slowed down -- that is, the train was rapidly losing speed -- and watched the drivers. I felt that the train, which looked insignificant or mean (like those on some small branch line) reflected the poverty of the Rock Island railroad. In next scene I am in a small car (almost certainly the last one on train) standing at back door and firmly gripping a rail on right side of door. I determine that no one will push me aside and usurp by place. Another train, traveling at a slightly higher speed than ours, is following us. This train, however, is being pushed by the engine and the engineer, therefore, cannot see that the "head" car of his train is steadily getting closer to our train. Presently the second train gently collides with ours, and by the extra power, our train slightly increases its speed. I can feel the power impulses from engine behind. As we approached my hometown station our engineer applied brakes and was able to stop in spite of the efforts of the second train to keep going. The car was tiny and crowded. Several people got on at my hometown and I realized the car would soon be stifling and unhealthy -- and this also reminded me of the critical financial condition of the Rock Island. Thompson (next door neighbor but one) and their new baby were present. One man sat down very heavily and suddenly, almost setting on legs of another. Thompson sat in a large, cushioned, wicker chair which was provided by the railroad for men carrying a baby or babies. The chair was placed in aisle. In left rear of car was an upper berth on which a man, dressed in trousers and B.V.D.'s but barefooted, and needing a shave badly, sat dangling his legs. He was evidently preparing to jump down but before so doing he called out "Hey, do you think one ticket entitles you to hog a whole seat," whereupon a man who had been sprawled out, straightened up so as to occupy only half the seat. The man above them jumped down, landing on the recently vacated portion of the lower seat. This was carried out in rough but good-humored tones -- though some of the statements seemed very discourteous or even insulting, and I wondered that no resentment was shown.