Walking south on 14th St., just south of Pennsylvania Ave. Street was very muddy. A few blocks (about 3) south of the Avenue (Pa. Ave.) I turned east, passing behind various buildings none of which seemed large. No one in sight except my companion, a child of perhaps 6 to 8 years, who later turned into James (my nephew) but who, at first, seemed like a stranger. I asked him if he knew the location of the Customs Building; he said "no," and I remember thinking that it very probably was in some other part of town. It was at the Customs Bldg where all animals (except small ones such as cats) must be registered or declared, weighed, and the proper tax paid. Even if the animal were on a train, and the train stopped within the District boundaries, the animals must be brought to the Customs Bldg., weighed and taxed. Some person we were looking for had brought an animal from the train to the Customs Bldg. As we wandered aimlessly about we suddenly saw the Customs Bldg., straight in front of us. It was a 3-story bldg. of white stone with "ramps" on outside apparently to enable animals to reach the upper stories (though it later became clear that all weighing was done in the basement). We entered building somehow (not by means of ramps) went to upper stories and looked in several rooms, though signs here and there on the doors and walls indicated that we were in the wrong part of building. James went from door to door, pushing each open. Usually we saw 2 persons in a room. In one, 2 men at a desk were earnestly talking -- at least the attitude (bent over) of one was earnest. It seemed that they were important figures and were discussing weighty matters. In each of 2 other rooms was a girl (young lady) in nurses uniform. Each was talking to small persons -- evidently children in years but with aged and deeply lined faces. It dawned on me then that this part of building was house of correction; the aged children were those unfortunates who had grown up on the streets, living by their wits until caught by police. An attempt was now being made to rehabilitate them. One of the children (with extremely peaked and sharp featured face) was asking the .... picture he was examining in a book. The nurse's voice, in answering him, though kind enough, was perfunctory -- clearly this was merely part of her job -- there was not that extra eagerness to explain to and interest the child -- no real attempt to implant in his mind the desire to learn and improve; and I meditated nothing will take the place of good home training. Then we entered a room containing a large, cradle-like bed in which were a fully dressed nurse, and a baby. James crawled up on one end of bed, to get hold of water glass, and reached into glass for a piece of ice. I suddenly decided this called for disciplinary action, grasped him firmly by forearm, pulled him down to floor, and led him out of room, saying I couldn't stand for such rambunctiousness. James was very reluctant to leave, but I remained firm. (About this time I realized that the animal weighing doubtless took place in basement). Next, we entered the room of a judge. This worthy was reclining full length (dressed) on a couch. He had a big, jutting nose and coarse grained skin -- like the skin of a man who has lived a hard or fast life. Like most judges he stunk of superiority. By this time James had vanished, and there seemed to be 2 adults with me, probably my sisters, Mary and Faye. They left the room as the judge was saying, "Honor is found only in women but does not exist in men." This seemed incomprehensible to the 2 ladies, but I recognized it as a sentiment expressed by duff in "This Human Nature," and I asked the judge whether he had read the book. He answered, "Yes, of course," he also said it was fairly good but had 2 very serious faults (which unfortunately were not explained).