I am an Indian woman out in the woods. White horse soldiers are coming -- so I go into a square rock "cave" and roll a rock over the entrance. There are little peepholes where I can look out and see what's happening. They are looking for me and ride up close. My horse is with me in there and I have trained it to be quiet when I lay the reins a certain way. I hope he doesn't give me away. I look out and see a soldier very close to the rock and hope they don't find me. I'm there for days -- it's like being buried alive. I wonder how the horse is going to go to the bathroom. Finally, it is safe to get out. I disguise myself. Now I am sort of Cary Grant and traveling down a road, maybe the Alaskan Highway, and I'm looking for that Indian girl. I see two women in "India" Indian-like garb riding in a horse-drawn carriage. I'm in some other coach or something. I hop over into their carriage, and say, "You are very pretty Indian girls." They are shocked and disapproving. "Oh," says Cary, "I guess you hear that a lot." They stop the carriage and insist he leave. He's now wearing one of their outfits and sneaks behind the carriage, hoping no one's on the road to see him. He starts walking down the road when we all notice a huge line of cars and people suddenly coming. We laugh because he's going to be very embarrassed. Now there are three of us: Cary and I and one of the Indian women. She asks me what I've been doing. I say, "Researching that Indian woman incident." I'll stay around for a few more days and do more research, ask questions, and then I'll relax and go fishing or boating. I am now standing at the edge of a shallow, high mountain lake. Water is warm. There are lots of mosquitoes and water bugs skittering around on the surface (like Hebo lake in Tilly) of the dark, dank, gray-green water. Cary Grant is already out to the deep part and calls back to the Indian woman teasingly, "You're OK here, but I wouldn't trust your help in New York (meaning the deeper water). I'm not sure I'd hire you." She smiles and says, "You miss the point." He says, "What is it?" I say, like to a mentally retarded person, "She means she's suggesting friendship and all you see is hiring her." The hair on his head bursts into flames. "Oh," he says, "I'm embarrassed," and slowly submerges to put out the flames. She and I laugh. We wade out. I see a herd of moose with huge antlers far across the lake. They are beautiful. I remember I must feed the cats. So I have a white envelope in which I put cat food and hamburger and powdered milk. I pour water in. I repeat this several times so the cat will have enough, then I lay it on the shore of the lake. Time to relax and swim in the warm water, with my friends.