Walking along E. St., N.W., eastwardly. Started somewhere in vicinity of 14th St. In the beginning I seem to be on some mission -- something in the nature of correcting certain evils whose cause or author is clear to me, but unknown to others. After a short distance, this noble purpose has completely gone from my mind. After 6 to 8 blocks I encounter a maze of buildings with connecting courts. The ground is muddy. The courts are dark, or at most very dimly lighted, and I seem to be lost. From where I stand there are visible 3 slightly less ... spots, which are archways to the outside, and I go to each one and look out trying to get my bearings. At the 3rd archway I decide to go out, right or wrong, as I feel confident that sooner or later I can reach my destination. Leaving the courts I find myself in the ground of some public institution (like Old Soldier's Home). Many trees and still dark. It is surrounded by a wire fence, about 4 feet high, whose top is arched as shown. I wish to cross the fence, and try to visualize where I can get a foot hold in the small meshes. Just outside, and paralleling the fence, is a street car track, and a narrow, elevated platform reached by several ramps. A street car is approaching from the west. Just then I notice a broken section of the fence -- that is, a spot where the fence is partly down, and through this gap I walk, and hurry up on to platform where several people are standing, waiting to enter the street car which has now come to a stop at the platform. The motorman is plainly visible -- conspicuous. The car is crowded and stops only momentarily, the idea being to take on only those who can spring on very quickly. A lady and myself fail to get aboard. I hurry along platform to motorman (car is moving slowly), point my finger at him, and shout out for him to stop. He merely smiles, and the car continues to pull away. I then tell lady to get the number of the car (so that the incident can be reported to the company), but she says that she can't see the number.