I am attending a banquet on the sixth floor of a hotel. The table to which I am attached has for diners Alan Stone, his father, his father's son (Stone, Jr.) who doesn't seem to be a brother of Stone, and the wife of his father's son. Stone, Jr., is a rather slender, young man, about 6 ft. tall, and perhaps 27 years old. His features are clean cut and his complexion healthy. I seem to be a little ways back from the table, almost directly behind Prof. Stone, who now turns to his right, evidently trying to turn around far enough to offer me his hand to shake. He says, "Then .... " shake in a hearty tone, and I realize (unpleasant realization as I detest secret societies) that he is intending to give me the secret shake of some organization, to which, he believes mistakenly, I belong. Says he is sure I am a "No" (meaning Sigma No) through he goes on to say that the "Xi" (meaning Sigma Xi) is almost as good. I explain that I am a "Xi," but not a "No," whereupon he withdraws his hand with a holier-than-thou gesture. He then looks closely for the sigma Xi key on the watch chain in my trousers watch pocket. finding none he asks me to explain. I reply, "I do not choose to wear one." He seems, at first, astonished or even dumbfounded at my heretical statement, and makes it clear that he is greatly disappointed in me. He fairly exudes disapproval. Stone, Jr., who previously had seemed a pleasant fellow and very friendly to me, now took up the .... , and indirectly threatened to give the story of my disloyalty and heresy to a newspaper, which would hound me and ruin my reputation. All of them except Alan band against me, and a bitter hatred for their pretensions, hypocrisy, and imagined superiority (they had on dress clothes whereas I was in ordinary business suit) rose in me. At the same time I feel, if the worst comes to the worst, and my life is threatened with ruin, I can perhaps save something by explaining to the judge that my disrespectful attitude toward Prof. Stone, and my suggestion to Stone, Jr., that he mind his own business, were the result of my sudden anger. It also occurs to me that, in the event of losing my job, I can go on to a small farm. I now leave the banquet room and walk along a carpeted corridor in search of the elevator. After walking a considerable distance, I turn to my left down a short, dimly lighted corridor. A door way to my left looks something like entrance to elevator shaft, but I am unable to find any button for summoning the elevator. There is a radio going inside this room and I wonder a little that the management would permit such a disturbance. Soon I begin to retrace my steps, and notice another man, who evidently had made same mistake as I did, turning around also. The elevator shaft, identified by some grating of wood, is now plainly seen -- I must have walked past it before. Before I can reach elevator, the door closes and it starts to .... however before I hear someone ask for floor 6, which now seems to be the next floor down. I am fairly certain that the Stone party were on the elevator. It seems likely that I could catch elevator on next floor down, by running down the stairway but that doesn't appeal to me, even though I am still so angry with Stone that I am very anxious to add certain names to the list I had previously applied to him, but which in the stress of the argument slipped my mind. This works on me to the point of inducing me to run down stairs and perhaps catch elevator at bottom. The stairs are broad, carpeted, and not long -- only about 18 to 20 steps per flight. There is a landing or balcony about 8 or 10 steps down from each floor, and on each balcony are several black waiters just finishing the laying of several tables for breakfast for the occupants of hotel. None is eating yet, however, and I am glad they do not see me -- as I now am in shirt sleeves. The colored waiters pay no attention to me whatever as I dash down the steps, whirl at bottom by grasping banister post, and tear on down. At one place a colored waiter, going considerably faster then I am going, passes me. Finally reach the bottom, and burst in on a scene of luxury and magnificence -- flowers, expensive drapes, and marvelous decorations of all kinds -- and the dining tables crowded with women in evening dresses. Just as I enter one of the women grabs another by the hair and shakes vigorously -- a regular cat fight. Next, I find myself in the lobby looking out on a cobblestone street, and see the Stones (or at least the 3 who had ganged up on me) walking across the street.