I have committed some crime, and hear Farber say that he will come around to the Williard Hotel at 4:30 p.m. to apprehend me. I pick up a hang bag containing a single article, hurry toward to the hotel. close behind me are 4 or 6 convicted criminals who are guarded by 2 officers carrying repeating rifles. The criminals are to be shot just as they reach the short flight of stairs leading down to the entrance of the Williard Hotel; and I am in danger of being hit, as I am only a few steps ahead of them. However, I manage to act unconcerned and unhurried as I start down the steps, but once down, I quickly duck into a room to my left and proceed to rear of hotel without coming out into corridor again. I then walk up stairs to top of hotel (about 6 stories). Just before reaching upper floor I hear the noise of an elevator door opening (or closing) and I "freeze" for a few moments, fearing that the passenger will see me. I then notice that the elevator door was closing, and this seemed to show conclusively that a passenger had gotten off, and by this time doubtless was in a room. I have on a blue shirt which makes me feel rather conspicuous, thought I console myself with the thought that soon I will be far away. Before leaving the hotel, however, I determine to get a good supper. The top floor seems familiar, and I wander about hunting for an empty room, or some other place to hide in temporarily. All the rooms seem occupied and I am beginning to feel rather concerned. There isn't a place, even, where my hand bag doesn't look dangerously conspicuous. Far off to one side is an unfinished portion of the hotel, and I would like very much to be there -- but the risk of being recognized is too great, so stay where I am. I pick up a hand bag that was sitting next to a hat tree. Soon a man, dressed in a light colored suit having a fine check, approaches and I know the hand bag belongs to him, and I therefore replace it. (That part where I am in is dimly lighted and I feel comparatively safe.) Then a colored maid appears and suggests that I put my trousers on a hanger. The maid's place is taken by a black man who has a pair of trousers in his hands, and by gestures he shows me just how he recommends the hanging of trousers. I say all right, I'll do it after supper, and begin looking for my bag which apparently has been taken by someone. I am busily searching for bag when alarm wakens me. 