I'm moving into a new place - a small frame house, oldish, not fancy or in the best of repair, but it's got character and it's on a nice quiet street with trees and bushes and flowers. There's a couple of huge bushes out front next to the walk, and the place is almost enclosed by foliage on the sides. It has a sort-of porch on the front, or a closed-off part of the yard, no floor to it. Tree is here, and maybe MB and Rio, too, but I'm not sure about them - certainly some other cats are here. There are boxes about, some furniture, definitely looks like somebody just moving in and making do. I go out on the "porch" for some reason, and Tree goes with me. I'm not altogether sure this is a good idea because he might be able to get outside - this isn't all that secure. By George, he has gotten out, under the "fence" over on the - suddenly I have a memory of this being fenced in, not a porch - how can it be two things at once? But I have a clear picture of both in my mind as I write. I'm very concerned about Tree being outside - all kinds of things could happen to him. I'd better go get him - but I'm not wearing any clothes. I try calling to him, but he won't come in. So I'm going inside to put something on, some shorts. I go out to see if I can persuade him to come back in. It's dark, just before dawn, and I don't expect anybody will see me. Tree is under those big bushes, facing another cat, a big tough neighborhood tom who's itching for a fight. They're doing all the pre-fight staring and growling and I'm still just calling to Tree to come in. Just as I go toward him, a car comes down the street - the headlights are on, of course, and they can probably see me. I can see it's a couple of nice-looking young guys in the car, and I sure don't want them to see my boobs hanging out like this, so I turn away with my arms in front of my chest and go back somewhat out of the light. I decide I'd better go back in and put on a T-shirt. I'm inside, telling the other cats what's going on and how I'm worried about Tree, somewhat frantically looking for a T-shirt, when suddenly it's light outside. And as I'm noticing that and just getting a shirt on, here's Tree back in - I'm wondering how he got back in so fast, and didn't make a sound.