I am a woman lawyer apprentice that does all the work for the male seniors and gets used and ignored. I have decided to confront them and I pound on their rich wooden door. Just then two good old boys come in and say, "You'll have to wait. We have important business." I am determined. They just smile. The lawyer comes out and ignores me. I try to say my piece, but he is arrogant and won't listen. I slam down my files and stalk out. As I go down the stairs, I see a blind man (Bonnie) who really can see, but is faking it. His girlfriend is patient and helping and is trying to guide him to the bus we're going to. He and I get on the bus. I sit on a side seat that faces into the aisle. He goes further in and sits facing the front. He sits next to the lawyer guy. He says, "Ah! I know who you are." The lawyer smirks. Then John (the big bodyguard) sits on the other side of him and says, "You'd better not mess with him." They exchange words and suddenly John snaps the blind man's finger and it breaks. I clearly hear the snap and see the agony of pain on his face. I feel sick for his pain. I want to help, so I suddenly say to the crowd in the bus, "Did you all hear that?" Many raise their hands. I say, "Are you willing to testify?" They say, "Yes!" I am delighted and feel good because I've got them now. I say, "Good. Memorize what they said for court." I look to the lawyer and I say, "And you're caught too! They heard every word you said." He crosses his legs and squirms because he knows I'm right. I get up and the blind man gets up to get off the bus. He gets near me and keeps peeking. I warn him to keep his eyes closed or he'll get found out. His girlfriend leans over and says, "You were pretty good at that," and we realize she'd known he was faking it all along. We get off the bus and separate. I walk back up those beautiful wood stairs and I'm the lawyer's apprentice again, walking toward the lawyer's door with my file. A male apprentice says, "What do I call you?" I answer "__________(Dexter?). Just like everyone else does." He asks me something and I answer something like, "So I can finally get married." I walk to knock on the door and the beginning scene is played out again where the two good ol' boys enter again and I am ignored.