The acting class is putting on a show. In order to see, I go up on stage, on the lip before the curtain. 2 girls are singing and a man is playing the piano. I don't see the man, only the piano, but I know they all met at a class and got together. The women are singing a blues song. The curtain, which is a white burlap-like cloth, is stuck so only a portion of the stage is visible. I sit on a chair in the corner. Bonnie is with me. At the end of the song, one woman clicks her fingers and a square spotlight pops on. She hopes to get in it. Then the curtain opens up. I thought it was broken, but they had deliberately had it closed to focus on just their act. Now the scene is tables and chairs like in a cafeteria. The women borrow Mateo to be a part of the show. Bonnie is very proud. She has a magnifying glass and looks at the audience. "Look at them," she says. I look. I say, "They look like a film clip of the Nazi audiences." Bonnie says scornfully, "You would see that with just your glasses." I feel angry at her. I look and see it is so. I again use the magnifying glass. Now I see huge people. The women then sing another song where Mateo slides on his butt across the stage. They shove him and whisper, "Come on," because he's not sliding right. He whizzes past us and off the stage to the audience floor. Bonnie is very angry and gets up in a huff. She won't stay here any longer after that! I sit her down and hold her shoulders and say, "Stop it. You are being too sensitive." She huffs off. Some women students are walking past me to go to the audience. One pushes her program into my face, across my eyes. I grab her hand and pull it away sharply. "That hurts my eyes," I say. "Oh, it's just a soft piece of paper," she says. "It gave me a paper cut," I reply. She apologizes. A guy comes out on stage and does a monologue to some women in the audience. They come up on stage. They are "planted" student actors. One woman takes my seat because she's tired. I stand there, wondering if I can manage. I see a picture that is funny. Two pages with a hole cut out of the top one so my top half is superimposed on the bottom half of another picture. It's my back. I am in the wheelchair. The bottom half is a little girl on a tricycle. I think it looks strange. A student (woman) is late and says, "Start the scene without me. I'll get my props and be back in time to hop out of the envelope."