A young man is interested in photographing me. I lie on a table and try different poses. I'm very selfconscious because he is encouraging me to look sexy and I tell him, "I don't think I can do that." His woman assistant brings me a plate of very spicy, hot sauce foods. I take a taste and then explain, "I can't eat those kinds of foods because if it's scratchy or spicy, it could cause my throat to spasm." I suggest we drape the table with black fur. They then push the table out to the edge of the cliff that overlooks the sea. The young man is very young, like in high school, and yet he owns this huge house by the sea. He houses lots of children that are homeless. He makes his money by collecting things and selling them. I comment that I tried photography and did pretty well, and after I fix my camera, I'll do it again. I remember I'd always wanted to have a relationship with a photographer but this guy, although he really likes me, is far too young. I see a picture of a baby's face and it unfolds to become a woman's face. I am very surprised. I look at the waves and see a Conestoga wagon from years past being washed up on shore. I tell the young man so he can collect it and make lots of money. There are lots of younger children around us. We take care of them and care about them. Now, I'm looking out the window at the sea. He stands next to me and says he really likes me. Maybe if I wanted, he could grow up and we'd marry. I smile sadly. I say, "That's very sweet, but unrealistic. I am 45 years old" (I was embarrassed to tell him how old I was). He pauses...45!...but he accepts it. I move away, feeling sad. A woman friend comes to talk to me. She tells me that "Dwight" has completed my rooms, so we go to look. I had found a wonderful old wooden wardrobe with lots of books in it and got it cheap for only $30 dollars and Dwight was going to build a room to put it in. My woman friend takes me to the door, which opens two ways. We go out to a quiet, austere room with bunk beds and lots of books - I suspect this is Dwight's room - and into my bedroom. He chose aqua marine green as the color, flowered curtains and a bedspread like in (Agatha Christie's Room). I say, "Oh, no books." My woman friend says, "Oh well, the Road Master chose not to build bookcases." "Well, we'll see about that," I say. I am not upset. I just know there's a reasonable explanation. I peek into a small, adjoining room. It's a dressing room. All my clothes are hung on special racks I can easily reach and there are hand rails so I can stand supported. I smile. He thinks of everything. I try on a dress. "Oh! How fat I look," I moan, upset. The friend tells me to not be worried, just be what I am. We rearrange the long sash and then I see five or six pink beautiful dresses that are all alike, hanging up. I say, "Oh! these dresses. Just in case there's a wedding." I wink, hoping she takes it as a joke, but I realize I'm serious. One of the dresses is for a small flower girl. I look back to the bedroom and see a window. I look out and see a flowered courtyard. To the right is a huge picture window. "That's a lucky person," I say. Then, in the room I see a door. "Is this the exit?" I say. I walk through into a kitchen. I realize then that he's built me a complete suite. The cupboards are the right height and depth for me to easily reach things. Only the foods I like are on the shelf: pizzas, cans of hamburger casserole, "corn chip brand panty hose." I go around the corner and see my picture window and, of course, all my books! I go out into the courtyard, only it's a sort of garden room, "where you can have a party if you want," he says. I walk to him and hug him. He is grown now and the right height. My woman friend tells me he's really older than I thought. He'd actually dropped out of high school for some years to build up his business, so he's more like 25 or 26. It's still pretty young, but more acceptable. I am so grateful and touched that he provided so accurately for my every whim and desire. We are just standing there close and feeling love and being loved. (Insert scene after photography session.) The table becomes a circus train. The woman friend is up in the engine car on the passenger side. Dwight is the engineer. Then he becomes the Head Family Man, the boss that orchestrates the details of keeping this family together. A married woman is being promiscuous and I see her coupled sexually with a midget. Dwight tells her to stop.