[Not much retained of larger dream.] I'm with Tree, sort of, but he's big and white like Lick - is it Lick after all? - I don't think so. We're going around the block, sort of [don't remember why]. What I seem to see is an area laid out kind of like a game board, and I started going to the left, or counter-clockwise. I'm passing through yards or houses, whatever's more convenient, and one house in the middle of this side I go into looks empty, but it's not. I step into this room through an outside door, and as soon as I get inside I know something's different. I stand there for a second and suddenly there's this great big power that takes over. It's kind of like a hurricane force, it keeps me standing still and I can just barely move with a great effort. I know this is some kind of entity, it's very agitated but not actually angry - it didn't want to be disturbed, I think, is the problem, and I've just walked in on it without knocking. All the same, if I'm gonna get out of its way I've got to move, and I realize I could just stay here and be paralyzed and frightened, but I know I can handle it if I just stay calm and try to breathe evenly. That's hard - I can't breathe easily under this pressure but I do the best I can and get it under control enough to break loose, get Tree, and lurch across to the other door, which is standing partly open with the daylight coming through it. (The room is old-looking, bare walls and wood floor, no furniture to speak of, and dark.) As I get through the door, I turn and face back into the room, where this force is still raging at me, and I want it to know I mean it no harm and wish it well, so I try to make the Peace sign with my right hand and say it aloud. Takes some effort but I finally do it. Then I go on. [There's no fear in this, but a sense of being able to handle all this force and come out on top. There's a little touch of exasperation at the overreaction, and the "Peace" sign is what I feel the situation calls for. After that, I leave it to its own devices, I'm complete with it.] I go on to round the block, and pass by a house with a family and a litter of kittens. Tree goes across the street while I look at them. We eventually get back where we were.