My husband (Harrison Ford), my two sons and I move to a new house. It is spacious and well built. Lovely. We are going through the rooms, looking. My husband is an intense, crazy guy that keeps to himself, but now he is walking in the house with the oldest son. My husband has a hurt foot and he leans on the son and they race together like in a 3-legged race. I watch and feel good at their moment of closeness. Then my husband releases the son, who goes outside and I watch in a growing horror as my husband prepares and then dies. He uses a white wire coat hanger, with the hook cut off, to stab himself in the forehead. I wonder how he can stand the pain. Then he pours gasoline on the wire hanger and lights it. I realize he's going to burn himself to death. The flame slowly goes up the hanger and catches to his hair. I wonder at his taking such a slow, painful death. Surely there are easier ways! Finally he is consumed in flames and falls over stiff and charred. I go to him and feel the stiffness of his arms. Then I succumb to intense sadness and mourning. I weep and refuse to leave the house for weeks. We are in a new house, a new town, and I know no one and don't search anyone out. After several weeks, an older man comes to the door. I open the door and look out at the neighborhood. I see a small store (grocery) nearby. It all looks pleasant. The man invites me to friendship, but I refuse. He leaves. Later, I decide the two boys and I will go for a bike ride. I ride my husband's old bike. We go down a perfectly straight path (sidewalk) to its end where we see a beautiful ocean and marvel at the waves. There is a house next to the sidewalk. It is the old man's. His butler opens the door and invites us in. At first I hesitate and then we come in. The butler immediately takes a bath in the curtained bathtub in the living room. The boys go play. I sit and talk about the ocean with the man. He smokes a cig and I am glad because then I can smoke. I go to check up on the boys. They'd gotten into some things in another room, a series of wooden cut outs, pictures. One series spelled RUNAWAYS. I was supposed to rearrange the letters to form a different meaning. I think the old man has cancer. Later we are in a race and he and I run together, winning. Someone says, "It was set up that way by her husband. He ran the race last year and chose to tie with the old man and then created the rule that next year the same people would end at the same place in the race, so it's only fitting that Rabbit 2 (his wife) take his place."