I am being hunted down by Lorne (Lucy's ex). He is an evil man. He's trying to kill me. He coaxes me into the back of something like a pickup and I realize he intends to run it over the cliff and to kill me. At the last second as it is going over the cliff, I hurl myself out and claw my way back on land. He didn't see, so I crawl into a garbage area at this little roadside counter. I fall asleep from exhaustion, hoping I'd made the right choice of staying so near. I hoped he'd think I was dead over the cliff, and baring that, that I'd run far away in terror. I wake suddenly realizing he and his men were there. A man stands right next to where I am. I hold my breath in fear they will find me out. This man nearly does but I luck out. They go away. I then run as fast as I can back toward my home (a castle many miles up the mountain). I remind myself to walk on rocks and hard places as often as I can so I don't leave trails. I pass houses and beautiful Alpine meadows. Now a young man is with me, perhaps a brother. We come to his castle. He says, "You wait here, I'll go in and talk with my sister to get us help." I close a big thick book I'm holding and say, "I will go with you. Why didn't you want me to go with you?" I am suspicious. We go in, now finally I am in my home castle. The evil man is coming for me. He's at the gates and hurling insults and threats as well as arrows and spears. My brother succumbs and starts to open the gates to him. I bellow in fear and fury, "NO!" and rush to the castle walls to cut the rope releasing the boiling oil that I had placed there secretly. My servants had put it there at my orders. The oil pours out all over the evil man. They scream in pain. I throw a fire brand down and burn them to cinders. I stand there, exhausted. My brother is wounded. Then several goddesses come down from on high and touch my brother so he may be healed and live. They touch me too and say, "Now you are one of us. You are immortal now. No one can hurt you. You are safe." "But I'm not ready yet," I say. Now I am Phyllis G, singing a Wagnerian opera to a man I loved but never told. I sing, "If I could say what I must say, I would say...." It is a very sad and powerful song.