I'm in a huge house. I am seated on a couch with Bonnie. Some woman is teaching us something. Then it's time to go. I get up and pick up a heavy pack, a purse and two other carrying things. They are heavy and I put them on. Then I see some of my hand-written stories under the cushion of the couch. I'd been sitting on them. I pull them out, glad to see them, and have some difficulty keeping them in the right order. There are no page numbers. One is a full page of dialogue about a girl crying. I pack them into my pack and start to walk away. I see letter, an empty glass, etc. I say to Bonnie, "I'll clean that up later. I'm tired now." But I then realize that it will be days before I return and other people will use this space. So I decide to clean it up. I take the stuff to the trash can and put the liquid into a sink. So we go out to a long curved ramp rather than the stairs. Bonnie and this woman go ahead of me and call out directions. We get to the bottom and the woman says she'll get the patient named Sam to UR tomorrow. We are impressed with her determined, positive outlook. It normally takes months to get someone in to UR. I feel something falling out of my shirt and I catch it. It is a miniature velvet pouch that I had put in another shirt. I am surprised I haven't lost it and am pleased. So Sam comes over and starts talking. He asks me what would I do if I had the farm. I answer by saying I'd want to have a relationship because it would be too much to do alone or I'd hire someone to help. I specifically don't want to do the ugly chores (shoveling manure, etc.) Then I get into a car, in the back seat, and we drive past airports with planes taking off and I see two mechanical people that are a promotional stunt for the airport. They do interesting tricks. I turn to watch as we pass. Then we stop and an invisible Sam signals he wants me to get out and go over to him. I do so, but feel hesitant. Sam grabs me, hugs me and kisses me. He wants a relationship. I don't.