I'm going to a horror movie with Linda and some other people, including my brother and Tim- maybe 8 or 9 of us altogether. We get there after they do, and go into what looks like a standard theater like the Village was. The place is huge and packed. We sit on the end of the row in back of the others, and people are milling about, it doesn't ever exactly quiet down, and the movie starts. It really is a horror film, really gross - lots of people are really disgusted, including Thai and others of my party, and they leave at intermission. It doesn't bother me much, and someone else with us, she's just been closing her eyes, which she thinks is good enough. At intermission we go to the lobby to get popcorn and things - I find peanuts (salted, Spanish) in a basket and sort of try to grab what I can with my hand, wondering why there are loose peanuts at a movie theater, when the guy behind the counter shows me these little bags and a scoop. So I fill myself up a little bag and go back to my seat. Actually things are starting to get raucous now - the movie hasn't restarted and people are standing up talking, some maybe shouting, Linda and I decide to go out for something and come back. [Don't know what for - maybe just a walk.] We go out the regular front doors, then somewhere out in the neighborhood, then come to the end of a street and back to the theater at the other end, but now it's an open-air theater, we're looking up at the rows of seats, facing the people. They really are stirred up now, this is looking more and more like a rally with dangerous people (a lot of black leather jackets) being pumped up by somebody on the stage. As a matter of fact, the whole scene is creepy - that guy on the stage could be Dracula, and we've both got the feeling we maybe shouldn't try to run away since these people can all see us, but we're real reluctant to go back to our seats up through all these people. Somehow, though, we get there, and I take myself into the back of the theater, where there are some corridors (very plain - no doors, nothing on the walls) - I go down them to this open area, not a proper room, exactly, where there's a counter on the left, and a picnic basket. I take some things out of it - I'm fixing a sandwich, I think. [I don't know when this basket was put here - I don't remember bringing it here - and I don't know why it's a secret.] I'm starting on my way back when I get accosted by a little blonde kid with a little bitty knife. He wants to know why I'm not with the others, as if I'm trying to run away, which I'm certainly not, from back here - I don't think you can even get out this way. He's very supercilious and thinks he's real tough with this dinky little knife - probably from watching those other toughs with their big ones - but I certainly know the thing could do plenty of damage anyway, and I grab his hand and hold it away. Then there pops in a little blonde girl about his size, also with a knife and the same bad attitude. I grab her hand too and I'm wondering what to do next when I wake up. I'm holding the image in my mind, experimenting with threatening to poke one of the kids' eye out with his/her knife, and I go back to sleep and find myself captured, I've been taken to a house somewhere where this Dracula and a woman are holding me. [I don't know what for, unless for being subversive to their cause.] One or another of them talks for a while, being very threatening, do-you-know-what-I'll-do-to-you-if-you-don't-talk, that sort of thing. Then somehow I find myself in the back of an RV of some type, with a couple of guys and a little girl or two, their daughter (or daughters?). I know Dracula has sent me here, though it doesn't look like any sort of punishment. But we can't get out of the thing and it's starting to roll toward a cliff. (We're in a forest-campground sort of place, and they were on a camping trip.) It really does look like we're going to go over, though there's a couple of false starts.