I am in a house putting the dishes away, trying to decide where my things should go. I like the back bedroom, which has a bathroom and a small room adjoining it, but I have a baby and a 4-year-old, so I move into the front bedroom, which is smaller and a lavender color like a former house I lived in. There's a bathroom near it also. I put the baby in a closet for its room. I look around and see a sink in the room and then the baby is calling me. I go over and see that she's nearly naked and crawling out of the closet. I say, "Oh! You have a wet towel on you; that's not good." I pick it up and take it away. Then I see her diaper has fallen off so I pick her up and get a fresh Pampers. She hugs me and says in a sad voice, "You left me in there with a wet towel." I said, "I know. I'm sorry." She says "And no diaper!" I apologize again. "And no blanket! What were you thinking?" She scolds. I do feel bad and soothe her and say, "I'm getting it now. I won't do that again!" She continues to ask me questions about a conversation she overheard from the doctor and I try to explain she'll feel comfortable. I say, "It's perfectly normal to visit the doctor once every two weeks until you're six months old, and then once a month. And when you are a year old, you should be in your own room. I look down the hall at the other bedroom and wonder if I should move the baby and me back there. I say to the 4- year-old, "I do like the back bedroom better." The 4-year-old says, "And I like this one better." "Good, that works out," says I, then I realize I'd still be sharing a room with the baby, and then I remember the small room to the side. The baby leaps off the bed and heads for the back bedroom. I look startled. She calls back to me, "This is something I must do. I'm all right. The 4- year-old, very mean and jealous, starts after her. He's going to hurt her. I call out to him in a stronger angry voice and force him to return. I grab him by the shoulders and shake him, saying, "You leave that baby alone!" I am very angry at him.