Linda and I are running this movie theater, and showing this big-time, quite long movie by means of a video player. It's not a real big theater, it's oldish, reminds me of the one in Schulenberg that I didn't see, but how such a place might be - got patterned rugs on the floor, globe lamps, velveteen seats, bit of gingerbread - not glamorous, but old-timey. The audience doesn't fit well with the place - a lot of 'em are tough types, and you want to keep them happy. The movie we're showing is this long saga about this young man's odyssey through the world, he gets into lots of very different situations, wars, romances, human interest stuff, learning all about the world, etc. Can't tell exactly when it's set, maybe covers a few hundred years, maybe only an appropriate length of the 19th century - it's got so many locations you'd think he couldn't do them all in a lifetime. But it's definitely historical - not the recent past. The audience is pretty attentive and seem to like it. I have to do something at the video console, which is off to the audience's left, and there's all this equipment in front of me, and lots of buttons. I'm supposed to be setting up a future part of the movie and I push the wrong button. I don't know what I've done for a bit, although something does seem to be wrong; then I realize I've punched in a much later part of the movie, which is now on the screen. I don't really know how to fix it, and I start examining buttons, which doesn't help much. I hit one that (I think) starts a soundtrack from another part, and it's coming across at the same time as the other scenes. Linda comes over to ask what's gone wrong, some of these guys are losing interest and leaving. She says to turn the sound down on the other track and that's harder to do than you'd think, but I got it there eventually. Then we try to fix the scene back and don't get it; Linda says we'll just have to rewind the thing back to where it was. This is awful. The movie is well along at this point and it'll be a long way back - in fact, the rewind goes slower than I thought, and the picture stays on the screen. We see all sorts of things (to "come", in the proper sequence) - sailing ships, a map of the world, people doing different things and wearing different clothes, all sorts of stuff. It seems it'll be forever till we get back to the gypsy camp where we left him, but I guess we do. I get up and go out later - there aren't a whole lot of people here now - and go outside, a few doors down the street and around the corner. [I don't know what for unless to hide.] After a bit, I think I may come back in, though I'm rather afraid to - I think those tough guys may know it was me who screwed the movie up and come after me. I look back at the theater - it's dark on the street and I see the darkened marquee (old-style, rows of light bulbs) and the dark ticket window, and nobody about. As I come closer, I don't hear any sounds either. (There are no doors on the front.) I walk in very quietly - I don't think there's anybody here at all, but then I hear sounds. Somebody's coming up and out of the theater. Since I don't know who it is, I think I'd better hide. There's a parlor off to the left, with old-fashioned chairs and tables, doilies and antimacassars. No place good to hide, though, so I get down behind a chair at the very back of the room in the shadows, figuring I won't be noticeable if they don't look this way. There's a door next to me (kitchen door?) but I don't have time to go through it quietly. As they come into view, though, I see it's not who I was afraid of, but a man and a woman (or so - I don't know who, but one might be My brother; I don't think they're a couple) and 2 little girls, one of whom was in the film. I get up and greet them, explaining why I was hiding, and saying how pleased I am to see them. I talk to the little girl who acted in the film and tell her what a good job she did. (She has dark hair and is dressed in a pretty little dress. I seem to have her be the same as the little girl who was in the RV going over the cliff.)