I am in a bed semi-sitting up. H, Phyllis G and others of my women's healing group are there. The meeting is over and they are leaving. Hasani puts on a black leather-like coat and I see she's wearing shorts, but strings are hanging down like they are frayed. She and Phyllis are talking and I don't want to interrupt them, but it is important to tell Hasani so she won't go out like that and be embarrassed. I interrupt and they both look at the strings, which now looks like parachute pants legs that had been stuck together with a wad of gum. They clean the gum off and then they leave. Just as soon as they leave, I fall into a sleep and see purple images before my eyes. I feel sensual. It is pleasant. Then I see the faces of a man and woman kissing and I sigh and say, "I want that now. Yes I do." I really feel sad and wanting. Then I fall deeper into the sleep. I am aware of Hasani's image or spirit just behind my right shoulder. The room has changed. There are painted flowers or strawberries on the walls. I am curious about why this room. It is unknown to me. Then I feel waves of feelings sweep over me like a rush of goosebumps and become very still. I realize the spirits are in me to do the healing. I see a man enter the room, wearing black clothes, good-looking in a slick, Mexican way. Someone says, "Here is the devil. He has come too." I think, "I don't want the devil." So I called to the good spirits, the white light, and brought in more of them. My left leg slid off the bed and my foot was on the floor. I was a little afraid because the devil might be there, but I was paralyzed. I wanted to swallow but could not. I felt the spirits in my throat, healing it. I felt them all through my body. I saw giant cells and realized the spirits were in my DNA changing the coding so my arthritis would go away. I was pleased and in awe and observing all this while I was awake, but also aware that I was asleep and dreaming. I stayed with it as long as I could to get the most healing out of it.