I'm setting off on a trip in my car [much as I actually plan to do] and I need to stop at Lori's karate school. She and the teacher are going to be late this morning and somebody's got to open it up for some ladies who take an early class. It's a nice quiet morning, grayish before the sun's properly out, crisp. I drive up the semicircular drive where there's a bit of canopy entrance. (Not fabric - it's that the door has a projection-thingy over it, I don't know what to call it.) There are like yucca plants in the landscaping. Looks very homey for a karate school. I'm early, so I wait for a bit, then they show up. I let them in and Lori and her teacher also show up, earlier than they'd figured, and they invite me in for a visit before I go. I stay in the car for a minute or two, checking out the steering wheel, which is giving me a bit of trouble, you know I just had some work done on the front end, I hope there's not still a problem. Well, by Jove, I discover the steering wheel is just barely being held on by one rather "sprung" spring. It has been operating, though, so far, but I know I can't expect to get much farther with it in that condition. I really don't want to delay my trip any further but geez it really looks like I'd better. That thing could just pop off any time. I go inside to see what I can see. One thing about this school is there's a lot of cats about. Actually they sort of raise cats here, and there's one that's blind. I've heard about him but never actually met him. Or her. Now I'm in this room here, and by George here's this cat! He/she is white, shorthaired, has a nice sturdy body, round head, sweet face, and no eyes. Just not there. A slope of fur where the eyes should be. I'm a bit taken aback, but I'm fascinated. I'm also aware that this cat is considered very wise, and now I understand why. He/she just sort of radiates wisdom. I'm glad to be here with it. I get up on the ledge/cushion/whatever that the cat is sitting on - she just came here and calmly situated herself - she doesn't seem to need eyes to see. She makes a kind of trilling sound, and then says, "Come up, ____" (speaking the name of another cat who's come up to the place we're sitting). I can't even see the other cat and didn't hear it come up, but she knew it was there and wanted to come be with the white cat. I'm just a little surprised at hearing her speak at all, but I have such a profound respect for her that it doesn't seem odd at all. I am just amazed and awed, and while I'm surprised at the depth of my reaction to her, I'm enjoying the feelings so much, it doesn't matter.