I'm in a big, lovely house and am walking through the rooms. I come into a saloon or library. Some people are there waiting for me. I realize I teach a class and can't remember which lesson we are on. I whisper to my secretary to get me a copy of the workbook so I can get ready. I'm not worried. I know the material well. I see Brian K and we talk. He says he is an alcoholic and lowers his eyes, ashamed. I feel attracted to him. He had been swimming in the pool and I find his jockey shorts and have my attendant go wash them. I go back to my room and then return to teach, bringing the clean shorts with me. When I get there, I am embarrassed and don't want to just hand him the shorts. I am afraid he'll consider me pushy and meddling. So I put them in a corner shelf and ignore the problem. Brian has a stepson. The boy keeps a scrapbook and I find it, a diary. I start to read it because I want to know how his father thinks about me. I see photos done by the cosmetic/drug company that sponsors my talks, pictures of the customers in pretty clothes and flower corsages. Then I read about his father, but can't quite follow it all (on different pages, etc.). I have to go to the bathroom and go up to my bedroom. Arvonne goes by and I tell her of how I dreamed about Brian K and how he looked at me [a dream within a dream]. She leaves and I wonder why she's still around. I figure this is her last day. It is 11:00 and I get up out of bed and go upstairs. Now I'm at an outdoor cafe and I sit. I see across the courtyard Paul (Brian K). I want to impress him, so I take a small child and dance around, in my wheelchair. I am attracting everyone's attention. I am so graceful and playful. I look around, hoping I'm not going downhill too fast and won't go out of control and make a fool of myself. I don't. I return to my seat. I hear people saying, "She is everyone's little 'grandmother'" in Spanish and they all smile and applaud. I tease them and say, "Estoy no abuelita." They laugh and applaud.