I'm in a house and there is pounding on the door and I'm afraid. I open the door and Mexican men come in. They are soldiers and they intend to rape my mother and me. Two get on top of me and kiss me. It's slimy and disgusting. They are grunting. I bite one on his finger as hard as I can. I want to bite through. He laughs. I feel sick but cannot cry out because if I do my brothers will awaken and come to my rescue and be killed. I grit my teeth and try to go numb so I don't have to experience it. I resign myself to it. Then I hear a noise. It distracts them and I break free. I run only to discover my father has opened the other door and more rapists are swarming in. My father is like a zombie. Then I'm out and scrambling. I see a log and a stream and realize my father is dead. I try to hide, but am forced back to the house. More horrible men. The place is crawling with them. Then I see an opportunity and sneak out to a hedge and crawl in. Soldiers walk past me in the hedge and I crouch and hide, narrowly missing being discovered time and time again. Their movements past me causes my pretty chiffon peach-colored dress to fan out and I pull it back in, hoping no one saw it. Other girls and boys are hiding in there and are found. I am near a cooking soldier and he almost discovers me. Then I see the tide is coming up and I soon can slip out to sea. I dive into the black water. They hear me and come in after me. I swim underwater for a long time with strong strokes. I know I'm swimming to my death, but it is preferable to the death and dishonor on shore. Then I hear a humming motor sound and I feel cautiously good. I go up to surface. It is an American sub. I swim to it. It's on the verge of attack and may be in danger, but it stops and a small lock is revealed. I turn the lock and open a small space. I am sad to see it isn't a porthole or hatch. I keep frantically digging. They take pity on me inside and open a hatch to a storage area full of iron boards, ropes and things. I dig in and the hatch closes and it's dark and nearly airless, but I know I've at least got a chance to survive here. (I wake up scared.)