We were throwing rocks and they turned into birds and would fly in different directions. A man told us to kill them. We said, "No, you do that yourself." He threw me a pin to kill them. I looked at a door which was not fitted right. The walls were made of stone. There was such large holes on one side. I looked thru into another room and thought, "What if someone came thru the door to harm any of us?" I had a stick and I would wait for them to come thru the door. Then I would hit them on the head. I threw the stick or piece of wood thru the hole. Then I saw my sister Mary sneaking to the door. I ran to one corner and picked up a stone and when she came thru, I threw it and hit the stone wall near Mary. I said, "What are you up to?" and she tried to bribe me not to harm her. I went down into the basement and the furnace was almost out. I fixed it, then there was a nice flame and there were large lumps of coke. I went upstairs and found out I forgot to put out the basement light. I could see the light on thru a window in the floor. A young fellow was parting with his girl. She had a lace in front of her face off her hat. Then it turned out to be a branch of a Christmas tree. He kissed her and started to walk away and ran into branches of a tree. He thought it was his girl and perked up his lips to kiss. I saw a bunch of young trees in a plot. They had large leaves, green and red streaked. The leaves were very large. There was a well in our coal shed and some gang wanted to drown a young lady who found out about the gold. I came in later and Audrey and another girl were giving Bob artificial respiration. They said there was another girl drowned in there. I reached down and pulled her out. I told the kids to run into the house and tell mother to call the police, firemen. My sister Sue was held by me as the culprit who tried to drown the kids. The cops came and I told them to take Sue. One reporter gave me a belt. He said this was a reward. I saw a bear running in my direction. I climbed over a roof, then flew away. This was a green bear. He was to have escaped from a farmer. He had a head like a hippopotamus. I looked for my bowling bag in a gym and my shoes were cracked on the bottom. Ann had a hole thru her hand. I could see thru it. I told her and she wouldn't believe it. I held her hand by a light and showed her it was a hole. Then I noticed I had one also. I was riding Barbara on a bicycle and I could ride it good. We were going on a trip to PA with Peter A. He drove my station wagon part way. I was running thru the rain.