I've just driven up to a restaurant - a garden-y sort of place, set into some trees, the entrance faces sideways from the street and the parking is in the back. Close to the back of the building, you can drive up to a sign that has on it who's dining there at the moment. [I don't know, actually, why I've come there, but it seems like I meant to meet somebody.] I drive up to the sign and am delighted to see Adam 's name on it, somewhere in the middle. [In fact I clearly see his first name, but the last isn't clear in my mind.] I figure Jane and Ken must be there with him, so I'll get to see them. Hooray! So I'm parking the car, and I go inside. [Whatever happens next, I don't go all the way in and see them, I think - somehow I go through the rear entrance and past the dining room, to the main entrance.] This is a nice place, classy but not snooty, a bit countrified. Lots of windows and air, but not bright lights. A muted, greenish atmosphere. I go out the main entrance and pause for a minute while I do [something or other - something in here about some people greeting me, I haven't seen 'em in a while, all very jolly, happy to see each other, making quick plans to meet later] and set down my purse on a ledge at the top of the step. I go on down the steps and turn toward the parking lot, and somebody calls out to me that I've forgotten my purse (from behind me? where?). I look up to see that a guy is picking up my purse, and it appears he means to make off with it - I shout at him, "Put that down!" and actually he does, but he does it rather casually and he opens it up and looks in it. (It's my regular purse, by the way.) He takes out the cash that's in there, and also (I think) my card case. He looks at me, smirking, and starts to walk off - going across the front of the restaurant's lawn through some trees toward the street. I start to chase after him, and he runs, but hasn't got far, so I catch him and grab his hand. I swing him around, hauling as hard as I can, and twist, and maybe I've even broken his wrist. He falls down and I hit him.