I'm watching TV and had seen the previews of coming events, when a man is with his family and suddenly the floor caves in and he falls down, straight down a tunnel-like thing for a long way. He can't breathe and I see his face all contorted in agony as he holds his breath almost past his endurance. I decide that's pretty awful stuff and scary, so I decide I don't want to watch this TV show. But as I start to turn it off, it comes on and I decide it's not too gruesome and I watch (sort of feeling like I watched that man being buried alive on TV in junior high). He lands in a big cavern under the city after deciding to go with the slide, because he was bored with his present ordinary family life. There's a crazy psychotic guy down there. He's been there for years and he's delighted to have company. At first he's suspicious, but then he likes the guy and wants to play. The guy thinks it would be interesting to hang out for a while, so he plays and they swing from ropes and climb things. The fallen guy sees a woman's image and mourns. He hopes she's a good woman and she and her husband are in love. It's rare these days. And then he misses his family who must be mourning his loss. Then the crazy guys shoots lots of arrows at a tree-like thing near him, narrowly missing him. The crazy guy laughs and laughs. The fallen guy goes and grabs the arrows and throws some down out of the cavern and breaks some. That makes the crazy guy angry. "What did you do that for?" he asks. Then the falling guy teases the crazy guy into a "can't catch me" game. They both sit on sharp holes like conical ant hills or ends of tree branches and laugh. They are naked and the crazy guy gets a hard-on and laughs and runs back to the knobby branch. He's excited by the dangerous undertones in the game. He wonders briefly if he's homosexual and decides he's not. Then the game stops. The falling guy is lonesome and decides to return to his family. He says goodbye and starts to climb up the subway/sewer-like tunnel ladder. This enrages the crazy guy who entices him back to his camp area and tells him he has to crawl into a cocoon device and the crazy guy will lock it up. The falling guy doesn't want to, but approaches it cautiously, saying "Do I hear a voice of someone you've already trapped there?" I worry he will go in there and can't believe it when he does! How stupid to voluntarily trap yourself. I wonder at his reasons and get the feeling that it's because the crazy guy has a gun, and if he refuses it would be certain death. At least as long as he's alive, there's hope for escape. So he gets in the cocoon like it's a cradleboard; his hands, arms and legs are bound inside. For days the crazy guy is cruel to him, sometimes feeding him, etc. The falling guy says in an embarrassed tone, "I've messed my dress and there's a couple of spots sorted with BM, can you clean me up?" The crazy guy laughs cruelly. The falling guy tries to hang his butt end over the cliff to defecate without messing on himself, but one slip and he'd fall. His balance is precarious. Then he struggles for the key and gets it in his mouth and accidentally swallows it. He grimaces and says, "I can't believe I did that!" Now they are both in trouble. Somehow the crazy guy tires of the game and thinks about moving on to another place under the city and getting other "playmates." It is possible the falling guy will be released and return to his loving family.