It was night. I got up and noticed a light on in the basement. It was a short circuit in the wire. I separated the fine strips of wire and the short stopped. The copper wire was like new. A lady was testing something and all at once I saw wire curling out of her testing cord and it ran along the floor and outside. I saw foul play, so I put my foot on it and stopped it. I knew someone who was responsible would show up and I would capture him. I see a man and woman come my way. I walked towards them and they pull out guns and stick me up. I get the guns from them easily and turn them on them. I made them march forward and we came right into the hands of the police. I told them, "Here's your party you're looking for." I handed the police the guns and they took in the man and woman. I knew the brains of the gang would get after me for having part of his henchmen locked up. He seemed to be a genius, but a crooked one. I flew up to the top of a building and watched him below. I then came in front of him and his henchman had a tommy gun. The genius yelled to his henchman to get me, but I grabbed the genius and held him in front of me and he couldn't shoot me. I commanded the gun fly out of his hand and it did. He was so surprised that he stood there spellbound. The genius was surprised, so he sort of gave up the idea. I talked to him and said, "You are a wise and smart man. You want to make money, a lot of it. You can with your ability and you do it legitimately. There's no sense in being crooked about it, and if you need any help, call on me and I will help you." I asked him his name and he said John. I said, "We are a couple of Johns." I said, "I am like Superman. I cannot be shot, bullets do not penetrate me and I can fly." We stood up on a hill. A man was rolling garbage can lids down the hill. I commanded that the lids stop on the way down and they did. Then I commanded they roll back up the hill and they did. A man standing near me was surprised how I could command objects to obey. I was master over the genius and he knew it.