I stopped by a water pump. It belonged to a colored lady. A white man was there. He said, "You have city water," and she said, "We don't." And I said, "You would know if you didn't have city water. It is hooked up to the water line." The colored lady went upstairs to where the white man was batching, into his room. I could hear them sing and they were talking and giving hints as to what they were doing and it was they were intimating according to what I heard. We were near a pond of water. We saw two odd-looking reptiles in the water. There was a clothesline rope in the water and it began to move like a snake. Audrey was walking on it barefooted. I yelled at her to get off. It was a snake, but she walked over and it didn't bite her. I was sitting on the railroad track with Bob and it was in Rivertown. I looked at a bank that was rocky. I told Bob we used to slide down that hill when I was a boy. I said, "See how low that is, but when I was a small boy it looked high." I looked farther up and there was a very high bank that was farmed now. I told Bob, "Now that is very high." It was a rocky cliff. I was looking at the results and I saw a lot of winners, but I can't recall them now when I'm awake. I met Chuck Parker, Norm Sherman and their families. They were lounging around on the lawn. I said, "Boy, what a life you fellows have." Norm came up to me and monkeyed around. Then he said, "Look into our room and see what I'm doing." I inspected it and he was taking off the paper and painting it in some places. He had paper on the wall all mussed up, spots where there was paper and just small pieces ripped off. It was a lousy job. I recall one winner now decorated. I went into the school of my boyhood days and they were serving meals. Bob got his and I got part of mine and then when I went for the rest of it, a friend of dad's hid my plate on the bench and I accidentally bumped the table and knocked the plate on the floor and the food dumped on the floor. He picked it up and thought I would eat it, but I walked out. I looked into a basket and saw hard buns in there. I was going to the store for a farm. Jim Lasko and I were picking up pennies we found. I was counting them as I was picking them up.