I was working on the coke yard. I was extinguishing the fire on ladders. I was walking thru fields along a path where the bushes covered it and I had to go thru them. I heard something coming towards me and could see the bushes moving. I had an object in my hand ready to defend myself. I t turned out to be a rabbit. I picked up some rocks and threw them at it and it ran away. Then I saw other animals near a stream of water. I threw rocks at them and they ran away. Then I threw a rock at an arch where there were business stores and a lady was standing there. I didn't do no harm. I met Martha, my first girlfriend. I laid her on the ground and pushed her clothes up and bared her nude body, then I was intimating her. I watched her face and I could see the thrill and satisfaction of her face. I seemed to know it was a dream. My wife was there and I didn't' seem to mind it and neither did she. Then I got up and had intercourse with my wife. I stopped in Fairchance and went into the new post office. It was pretty big. I looked it over. It was nice. I asked one of the women where I could find the dead letter dept. and she said in the basement. I went outside and a fellow was following me. I thought what if he would rob me. I had some money on me. I was surprised he said, "Hi Evans." He knew me and I didn't know him. I saw two boys on a hill. I had an idea they would light the dry grass. Sure enough, I saw smoke and they started to run away. They came down to town and we started to chase them. They ran down one street and then back. I ran along the street and figured they would come back and I would catch one of them. Sure enough, one came back and ran across the street. I ran after him and caught him. I grabbed him by the arms and held him tight. The cop came over. He was taking down his name. While he stood in a corner, I had an idea he would try to get away again. When he did, I got his legs between mine and he fell caught by my legs. Ann and I were upstairs. It was hot. I heard a breeze blowing outside. We went by the window and the curtains moved in and some nice cool air came in. I gave Grandma a dollar to hold for me. She held it or a while and then came over and said, "Here is your dollar. You will come over and ask for it later." I looked at the dollar and there was about 8 or 9 dollars. There was a two-dollar bill included. I knew I made a mistake. I was thinking should I give it back or keep it. We had a little baby boy. I took him for a walk, then I let him go and he could walk by himself. Carter and Bob were eating eggs. Carter had a big pan full. When he ate quite a few of them, he found a roasted chicken in his eggs.