I was on Superior and East 71st Street. Andy Palider had an elephant. He was riding him to work. As he went along from in front of him out of the ground a wheel would come out with food or drink and Andy would take it. An old-time wagon wheel. It was getting late for work. I looked across the street and there was Al Novak with his wife and son. His wife was talking fast and Al was just listening. I walked up to them and asked Al if I could ride with him to work. His wife let go of some gas and said nothing. Al spoke up and said, "That's nothing. It's healthy and John and I feel better, don't we?" I looked up at the top of the building and said, "I didn't think it was so high." I counted the stories and there were 11 of them on the top floor a dog was on the windowsill looking down at us. He jumped and I said, "That's a dead dog now," but he landed on his front paws as though he jumped only a couple of feet. He was friendly and came towards us. I was home by Grandma's. I saw a cake on the desk. I started to eat it. It was a whole-wheat cake. We had an elephant Audrey was not afraid of him. He was immense. I asked Grandma if she had any trouble with him and she said sometimes he doesn't want to eat and now he doesn't. Audrey went up to him and pulled on his tusks and one came off and still it seemed like his trunk. It came off like a pipe, but the elephant sucked it back in place. Grandma took it off and was going to feed him. While he was in an enclosure waiting, he was a horse then. Grandpa came thru the room. He didn't say anything; neither did I. We seemed to be on the outs. I was by Grandma's again. I was in the backyard. I worked my hands up and down and made myself go up off the ground. Al and his wife were there again and the next time I was going up, she came up to me and gave me a goose and then Al came and got hold of my legs and I couldn't go up with his weight. I found some brass cans in the yard, so I was tossing them over the fence. I went into the house and I noticed a door going to the right. I asked Mary where that went to. I went in a couple of rooms were to the right and it went right thru to the front room. It was decorated nice and the furniture was appealing. I went outside and into Bendrock's yard and from there Mike showed me the way home was remodeled. They cut the house on a certain angle on two sides. We were sitting around at the banquet. We had on our old clothes on my coat to keep warm and so did the rest of my fellow workers. We sat around on the outside of the building and kept warm with our coat collars up. There was a cat on a driveway. Kolesar took a shot at it with a pistol and missed by 6 inches. The cat came near the end of the driveway and shit on a pile that was quite big already. Kogler took a pair of shears and tried to pick up some of the feces, but it wouldn't stay on the shears, so he put he dirty shears under Kolesar's arm. He had his shirt off and was nude from the waist up. Kolesar brought down his arm on the shears with the feces on them and held them under his armpit, not knowing what was under his armpit. There was feces smeared on his back. I thought what a dirty man Kogler was. I walked by a mirror, looked at myself and noticed I was quite handsome. I walked by again and looked at myself again and was convinced I was handsome.