I was in a skyscraper. I was planning to go on a trip. I looked thru a window and across the street in a building I could see Steve Lasko, deceased, and another fellow I can't recall now. They lay in bed with a woman between them. I was watching them. I put out the light in my room so they couldn't see me if they looked. A colored fellow walked into my room. I told him to go out, this was my room. Pearl Delatt came in and said, "Why don't you lock your door and no one will come in?" So I did. I was pulling up and letting down a shade and Mr. John Delatt was trying to pick out a horse when the ropes or curled chips or something similar would tangle up. I was leaving a note if I died, saying, "God bless you all," and I am using a wet rag. I looked down; the people were looking up. I sort of stood back so they couldn't see me. I was in a skyscraper again. I could feel the building sway a little. I looked out the window into the country, then turned to two wealthy men and said, "I don't like this life in here; give me a single home out in the country with my small family and I will be happy." They agreed with me and sort of took a liking to me. I said, "I would like to have a lot of money and not go out to a holdup to get it." They both said, "There is a lot of money in the world and you can get it if you want it." I looked at both men and their faces smiling and telling me it was that easy. Then one of the men said to his valet, "Go get me some of my stuff and give it to Mr. Evans." He came up with sticks of chocolate bars and started to give me them. They were supposed to be money. I counted them, then put them into my coat pocket. I was rich now. It was heavy. I then was in my own home with the two wealthy men. They had a bottle of whiskey. Grandma gave them some soda from the refrigerator for a wash. An apple fell on the floor. I picked it up and broke it apart because there was a hole in it. I went into the men's lavatory to wash the piece in the sink. The dog was with me. He wanted a piece of it, but I ate it all. I was trying to see a paper to see the results of the day ahead winners, but I couldn't see the results. My eyes wouldn't focus on the paper. I asked Steve, "That works with me to read them for me." He looked at them and didn't say anything. I was listening, but couldn't hear from him. I was in Fairchance. I saw the trolley wire up that the old trolley car used to use but the tracks were out. I noticed it was broken loose from some of the hangers. I was in an elevator shaft with Ann, Johnny and two other men I found some time cards on the floor. There were small brass nuts attached to the premium made. There was 4 nuts on one card and 8 hrs., and three on another with 7 hrs. I said, "These poor suckers are worse off than we at the White's." I think it was a sunny day again, but I'm not so sure. On the elevator shaft I tried to change my shorts, but there was an opening on the street side and women could see me if I did. I turned my back to the street and changed and Ann didn't like it because there were women coming by and they looked my way.