I was watching someone doing something and I said the job was not so good. I saw Millie from White's kissing her mother. I was in church. We were practicing for something. I laid down on the bed. Rose Lasko came by and I said, "Crawl in here if you are tired," and she did. I had my old Pontiac. It was parked on the street. It started by itself and rolled to a fence railing, then came back. I watched it, then it started out again and by the time I got out, it was going down the street with the rest of the traffic. It was a car that I yelled at the first time. I commanded it to come back and it did, but the second time it did not heed me. It got away. Ann, Bob and I were by Rose Canty's. She gave us soup. Charlie came in from the next room. It was after midnight and Bob wanted to go home, so I said, "Ok, but be careful." He ran home. We were on East 71st and lived on 68th St. He came back and was dressed heavier. There was a squirrel around. He walked over the table and I yelled to get off and he did. I had some walnuts. I threw one to him and he ate it. I got a nice big kernel. I held it in my hand and said, "Here Bob, you eat this. It's too good to give away." He ate part of it and dropped a good size of it to the squirrel. He started to eat it and Trixie went in to get some of it. A battle started between the two. The squirrel got Trixie by the throat so I came down with my foot on the squirrel and he pulled back with Trixie's windpipe in his mouth. Trixie lay there breathing her last. I had a hard-on when Rose Canty came near me. I could see her fat legs. I had my shirt over him so she could not see it. Ann was playing records. The needle sort of skipped over some of the records. I told her to shut it off because it would ruin the records. I was with a lot of colored people, but they were all mulattos, white. I was sitting behind one and he had a wart on his hand. He talked about getting rid of it. He looked at me and tried to touch me with it. I moved. He then did touch me and I rubbed the spot back on him. I then flew up and he couldn't reach me.