I was by Grandma and I saw her die. The home was being rebuilt. There were two carpenters driving or pounding screws, bolts thru the plaster and on the outside there was a thread to put on a nut and tighten up the bolt. I stood on the porch and I noticed the porch was shaky and would be repaired. I was buying some rags from a store and the man sold me a board. I looked at it and it was all split (cracked). I said, "I don't want it. I want a good, solid board." He looked around for a good piece. I was giving some nuts away. I was driving my car and the boss Joe was with me. He wanted me to take him in my car, which I did. I met two fellows and got acquainted with them. Then when I met them again, one looked at me, turned away and smiled at the other one. They were ridiculing me. I noticed that. So I said, "I'm glad to have made my acquaintance, but I will go after the nice episode you two have made. I can do without you as friends." And I walked away, leaving them puzzled. I was with Ray R. and his dad (deceased). He seemed to walk with a limp. I caught up with him across the street from Grandma's and I went by Grandma. I met a prostitute. I asked her for it and she called me in. She was beautiful. She stripped nude, lay on the bed and said, "You got a surprise waiting." She said she had a breast removed, but it was there and whole. I got on top of her and she seemed tight, and it wouldn't go in all the way. Bob took a pee down a hole in concrete and it caught afire below and burned him a little. I got a hose and extinguished it. There was an atomic explosion. We were in it. I put my arm near my hose and breathed thru my shirt sleeve and kept my eyes closed as much as possible from the rays. I got away from the area and from the distance we could see the yellow smoke hanging over the area. I thought of my mother left there. She would die. I intimated the lady. We walked by a couple lakes and down one a speed boat came down full speed. We picked flowers. I ate the rose buds. I checked my battery and it was dead.