I was sleeping and awoke. The sun was shining and seemed to be west. I was puzzled whether it was morning or afternoon. I saw a man and his son coming home from somewhere and they were tired. The father dropped his coat a couple times, then the third time I picked it up for him and gave it to him. He just smiled. There was a big fly on the wall. It seemed to be flat. I swatted at it, but it got away, then landed on my face and crawled on my face. I had my hands full of something and couldn't hit it. So I blew at it, but it crawled around my mouth. I blew again and was afraid it would crawl into my mouth. I finally put down what I held and I hit at it. I don't know whether I hit it or not, but there was an awful odor. I think it was from the fly. I was repeating 3 cents. Ann told me Bob had a girlfriend and was much in love with her. There was a parade from the post office going by. I heard someone yell, "Evans." Ann, Judy and Barbara got into the parade. I picked up some object and was carrying it till I got by a steep hill. Then I said, "No, I'm not carrying it up the hill." Bob and I were swimming in a clean pool of water. It was about 3 ft. by 8 ft. deep and about 4 ft. deep. Bob dove in and was under water and came up, then I put my head under water. A man came by and said, "You have a nice waistline. Look at me." He was shorter than me and had a big belly. I was sitting in a chair on the porch. I commanded a big dice about three-inch square to move around and it did. Then I told it to float in the air and I commanded it to stop in mid-air and it did. Just then someone, a young girl, came in and tapped me on the shoulder and said, "Dad." I was angry she did that because I was having fun with the dice. I gave her a slap across the face. Andy and Emma Mayer came by and said I was asleep in the chair, but I still thought I was awake. I was going to school. I came to the school and I was late. I looked thru the door window and the class was in session. One of the students was reading out of a book. I got a little frightened that I would make a few mistakes in pronunciation and Bob was in my class. So I walked down the steps and went outside. There was a little fellow batting stones and he could bat one better than a fellow could throw to its target. He hit me with one in the foot and I threw one at him and hit him. Then I ran and he was after me. I was gone for quite awhile till my sister Sue came into the building where I was and looked into my place. I stood still like a statue and she went out and then looked back and at me and recognized me. They said  I finally bought myself a place. It was a good thing. I looked at Judy and she had a big needle embedded into her leg about an inch or more deep, and she had another needle in her hand. She tried to pull the needle out of her leg, but couldn't. I got a pair of pliers and pulled it out. Then we were going to north Roylton. I was sort of flying and it was foggy and the wind was blowing very hard. Judy was like a boy and Joey Duke was with us standing next to Judy. He was a little taller than Judy, but Judy's head was larger and her legs were heavier than Joey's.