We were walking along a street, then all at once we ran. There was a big, high telephone post falling or looked like falling. When we got out of the way, we looked at the post and it was long and way higher. It was tied to the top with long ropes. The post men were setting it into a hole and had to hope those ropes tied to the top of the post because it was such a long post. It must have been about 20 ft. long. Charlie Charvat was with me when we ran from under the post. We sat on someone's back porch and were looking at the sky, which was getting ready for a storm. I heard the young fellow in the house accusing us as suspects of a murder. He came out later and had a gun in his hand. He got Charlie, then came at me, pointing the gun at me. I raised my hands and he accused us of murdering Arendas. I said, "We didn't kill no one. You can take us to the police and they will let us free because we are innocent." He was puzzled and then was deciding to take us somewhere with his friend and beat us up. I said, "Oh no, you're not going to do that. You take us to the police and we will be freed." While he was thinking of what to do, I picked up the gun he threw away and I forced him to take off the handcuffs. He did and we went to his basement and got in our car and we were blocked by him and his friends. I didn't want to run over them and that convinced him we were innocent. We were outside talking as friends. A half dollar fell out of my pocket and rolled near two men who were sitting. They both saw the half dollar when it stopped rolling and were oozing up to it backwards to pick it up, but I picked it up and we watched the two reach to pick it up and there was no money there, to their surprise. They looked and it was gone. I came to a place where there were men sitting at a gambling table. Jack Lasko was one and he had 6 sixes that was high and winner of $600, but the man said something, he didn't want him to win now because he would be pinched for a gambling charge. I saw about 4 sevens and 4 fives that others had. I counted the 6 sixes. My dad and I were climbing up on top of a shanty. He said, "Let's see how high you can kick," so I had my foot on the top and I kicked up and said, "Look how high I can kick." We then got on the top and sat there. I met Rose Lasko. I started to love her up. I was kissing her and feeling her up at the same time. Carter was doing exercise on the floor. When he was through, he got hold of Bernice's gown or what she was sitting on and he pulled it from under her. She fell back on her back and her vagina was exposed. She had no hair on or around it. She was embarrassed as we looked on and Carter got a kick out of it.