I'm visiting Carol Burnett and Tim Conway, who are doing Mr Tudball and his secretary for some reason, sort of as a personal thing rather than for an audience. They're staying in this place, which is sort of like an old office building or a factory or warehouse, not currently in use. They've fitted out a couple of rooms as bedrooms, and fixed up part of it as the "office" set. And they just are spending their time doing the act - not exactly rehearsing, I don't think, but just being the characters. Anyway, I'm here visiting, and for the moment they're occupied and I'm just wandering around. I look into one of the bedrooms - I think it's Carol's - and I'm rather surprised at how it's furnished. It could be fifty years old, but I know they brought in their own stuff. It's a narrow room with plain walls and an institutional, wavy-opaque glass window on the left side of the far wall. No closet, but there's an old wardrobe on the left-hand wall, a bed on the right. And a nightstand, I guess, maybe a chair or a chest of drawers - anyway, there's only 1 or 2 other pieces of furniture. I like looking at it because of the nostalgia, but it's awfully drab. I go back out, and Carol and Tim have knocked off for a while and we (Carol and I, anyway) are going to walk around some. The "office" is left of my perception of the space, and between that and the bedroom is an opening to a hallway and a glass door, where I discover there's a way to the outside. I thought we were on an upper floor, but I guess not. So we stroll outside, and find ourselves in a large city park, at an open space, the sort where people play baseball, or run with their dogs. (The building has disappeared, and Carol Burnett has become Shirley MacLaine.) It's morning, the sun is shining, and there's some people about, not too many. We've been here a while, since early morning and there wasn't anybody here but us. (Counting a man, maybe another, who I can't identify, but who are like assistants - as Shirley MacLaine might even have.) We separate for a bit, just following our noses, and I come up to a large brick/concrete place, some steps, maybe there's a dry fountain, a place to sit or something - terrace-y. Nearer the trees. And suddenly I remember my purse. We left our purses on the ground earlier when we came, since there wasn't anybody around, we just walked off - we weren't going that far anyway, not out of sight. (Though we did spend that time inside the building.) And now here's all these people - I hadn't even realized this was happening. Now I'm scared, and I look for our purses. They're not where we left them - mine's separated from Shirley's - and I get mine, and look into it. It's as I was afraid of, it's all but empty inside. Checkbook, money, coin purse, card case, are all gone. The main section and front pocket are completely empty. I'm horrified and scream, "Shirley! Shirley!" And she and the others come running, and I just scream. (No words, not a shrill sound, but deep and from the gut.) I can't stop screaming.