I wake up and put on my necklace which has lots of charms of animals on it, only someone from the group, for the second time, has waxed some of the animals so they are stuck to a cardboard. This time there are three little note cards and I pick them off so I can get clues to who did this. One card said, "Are you surprised and angry?" I went out and saw Dylan and I ask outraged, "Why did they do this to me?" I saw the group (like Mobility International) and felt that they didn't like me and were being mean. I didn't understand why. I was trying to be a good facilitator. So I go talk to some people, some tourists, and then I realize the whole group had left early. We were to get on the airplane for the Soviet Union at l:30 and Rita, the other leader (only from Columbia), had set up the time to l:00 and didn't tell me, deliberately. I rush back to get my baby and her high chair and I grouse angrily that at least they'd have helped me put that in baggage. I show my tickets and they rush me to the "late passenger" doors (wooden and homemade). I get on the place and angrily look into each seat for Rita. Everyone is subdued and watching me because I'm so angry. At the back of the plane I find her, hiding. I grab her shoulders and shake her, saying, "Why are you doing this?" She said she didn't like my jokes and I talk too much. I said, "That's part of my job to be a good facilitator." She said nobody like it. I felt rejected. Later, it's a dance and no one asks me to dance. Finally someone pulls me out for a round dance where you go in a circle dancing with all the men, only somehow all I got to dance with were older, ugly women and one very tall man with his bride in his arms. He gave me curt directions on how I should dance. It was a romantic song (Endless Love or something) and I was to kiss his hand just so. I felt silly because he'd hand me her hand. So then my next partner was a bossy woman who took the lead and danced us directly in front of the seating for President Kennedy, Bobby Kennedy, Jim Weaver and Joe Kennedy in a manual wheelchair. Joe invites me to join them, looking at my disabled leg. Jack Kennedy says, "Lee Oswald was OK." I raise an eyebrow and say, "The Lee Oswald. The one that killed you?" He acknowledged that I had clearly seen through his conversation. Then I asked Joe if he played wheelchair basketball. He said he did. I said in E City (state) they've got a good team. I'm not on it. I dance in my wheelchair. Jim Weaver repeats "E City (state)."