I'm pregnant as a surrogate mother - I'm maybe going to college, I have a lot of friends around who seem to be more or less my age and we seem to be together for something like college, we seem young but not kids. The mother is a friend of mine and I volunteered for this - it was an artificial insemination. Even with me carrying the baby, things are a bit precarious. I'm in the hospital (at least some of the time) because I'm somewhat at risk myself, it turns out. [Something else happens first, and now] it's night and my mom's here, she's getting ready to leave and the nurses and everybody else have gone. I'm kind of scared. It's dark already, the lights are out and my mom leaves. Now what happens if something goes wrong? It's a small, narrow room, looks real institutional, white, white sheets, white iron bed, high ceiling, and there's some kind of machine standing over the bed. I'm worried, and my body feels like something's not okay. After a while, things have changed - there was a problem, and they've transferred the baby from me to somebody else, another of our friends who volunteered. We're not in the hospital room now, but a place that I'm thinking of as a waiting room - it's large and has like couches and things, the light is dim like early morning or late evening but doesn't feel quite like either. The other girl's boyfriend is here, too, he wants to be close to her, help take care of her. And the first girl and her husband(?), and some other people. Actually more of us are arriving gradually until there's quite a lot of people here - all of us good friends, and we all have an interest in this baby. I'm not altogether out of this thing, it's as though I'm still connected, they didn't quite transfer all of the baby to the other girl, I'm still needing to be attended to and cared for even though I don't have to give birth myself. Actually, gradually it seems that we all - at least the women - are carrying "parts" of this baby. (Not "parts" as in body parts, but some other idea - can't explain it.) We're all quite anxious.