I'm in the living room of the Sheridan house. A TV says, "Tonight the town will go to the play and enjoy themselves, a tradition begun by the Sanders years ago. And I am surprised and say to someone, "You mean that when we had pre-play parties and went with our friends to the play, we created a tradition and everyone remembers us?" "Yep," agrees someone. Then I'm in a 1950's formal. The door bell rings, guests arrive. It's a reunion. I act as hostess and welcome my parents' now old friends and take them into the piano room and offer them refreshments. I am a charming hostess. I welcome Mrs. Cinquint, an old school teacher. I hug her and say, "I remember you! I was a small child." She admires how I've grown up. Another family friend and her family comes to the door. She sits on the huge, empty porch floor with her presents. She says to my mother, "I brought you presents, but I can't stay, so let's open them here. The room's empty except for a tiny Christmas tree and a swing set her kids are playing on. My father calls to me to attend the guests. I go into the piano room and mingle. I approach two guys in tuxedos. I say, "What can I bring you?" I am aware of a young, good-looking man watching me, enjoying me. One guy says, "I want a this ___________," a name of a stomach medicine. I laugh and say, "OK, coming up." The next guy, who I realize is gay, asks for some fingernail polish. He says, "I heard you don't wear any." I smile and say, "It's true. I don't own any." He says, "But what if you get a run in your stockings." I say, "I don't wear stockings." This is pleasantly arousing to the young man watching. I walk past where he's seated in an overstuffed armchair and talk with a woman who is attempting to compose a poem with an old silly song. As I tease her, the young man pulls my leg until I fall into his lap. We laugh and tease about the song, and then he picks me up and we go to a corner in the room and sit. He's cuddling me and it is very nice. I say, "I must get back to my guests," but he won't let me and I don't struggle very hard. I like where I am.