The surrounding of this dream was a remote beach which was small and with many rocks on the shore. At left, between the hill and the sea, there was a cave with big rocks at its entrance, whose depth I couldn't calculate. This is what happened: A friend named Hugh, whom I know since childhood, and I were hiding behind some rocks and observing with amazement a car that was floating on the sea. It seemed like it had been thrown into the ocean from the cliffs. Suddenly we saw that one of its doors opened and a man came out who seemed to be very scared because he was trying to not be seen. After having observed the field, he went underneath, trying to swim under water. A while later we heard some shots and we turned around to see where they came from and saw three men who were continuously shooting at the man from the car, and they didn't stop shooting until one of their shots got the man who was in the water. The sea washed the body to the shore and the men who had shot him ran towards the body, but suddenly they realized that they were not alone on the beach. Two boys of about 10 years of age, who had swimming fins on their feet, were carefully coming from the beach to get into the cave, but they were caught by the men. There is an obscure part after this which I cannot remember. After that part, I see that Hugh and I are trying to get into the cave, but were also taken by surprise. These men took us to a big old house, but with electric lighting. The strange thing about it is that there was only one light bulb which was changed when they switched from one room to another. Two friends with whom I go to school, Alfred and George, appear in this part. First George appeared and I asked him who he was and he answered, "Satan." Then Alfred appeared and he replaced Hugh; that is, they guy who was with me now was Alfred. Then Satan asked me to believe in him and adore him, but I answered that I had faith in God. Then the Devil hit me and I struggled desperately with him, trying to escape. At that point my dream was interrupted and I awoke.