I am somewhere with a group of people, we're working on a project - there are buildings around, but they're farm- or village-type buildings, and we're out in the country. The sun is shining, more or less, it's not beautiful here but ok. The group I'm with is not all together, but we're in one general area and there are other people in the vicinity somewhere. I'm with a girlfriend, close to the end of the space where most of us are, and the buildings are all to the left of my perception, and there's a bit of road going that way. Down the road and past us come some vehicles, one of which is a large piece of equipment, either on a truck or it rolls by itself. It's white and strange-looking. We don't know what it's for, but the whole caravan looks sort of ominous. The people on and in the vehicles seem very somber and serious, not looking round or focusing on anything except going forward. They proceed into (and possibly through) an open building on the other side of the "village". (I guess it would have to be like a hangar or something.) My girlfriend and I are extremely curious about this. We look at each other, and decide to go investigate. We sneak up to the building and try to peek in the windows, then duck into an open door after seeing the coast clear. We're looking around (it's rather like a barn in here) but don't see the machine, just stable-y sort of partitions and the straw. It's pretty clean in here for a barn, not smelly, and very quiet. There must be people around someplace, though, and we're being stealthy. My friend thinks these people are Russians and something shady is going on, they're getting ready to pull some dirty deed. She says we could get into a lot of trouble if we were to get caught. She says if we should get caught, we shouldn't give our real names, and I could say mine is ____. I say that's rather complicated, I won't remember it. About this time we do get caught, by a threatening-looking (though attractive) blonde woman, who wants to know our business here. After first being startled, we stumble over some lame explanation and I say my name is "John". My friend looks rather surprised and so am I, but it was just what came up at the time. She (the woman) says that's a strange name and I start into some song and dance about how I got it as a nickname as a child. But she doesn't care and she's not at all sure about us, so she says we have to come with her, we'll have to straighten this all out elsewhere. Then she does some things and the back wall opens, showing a (truck?) and a lot of open country - not desert, quite, but pretty barren, and we know that nobody good lives that way. We're bundled into the truck (it's like a troop carrier) and driven away, and I start to panic. I know we're being taken to Russia, and nobody will be able to help us and they'll never believe we meant no harm and they'll never let us go.