I was in class at the university. It was a very large room and looked more like the lower level of a movie theater because there were seats instead of desks and one got in through two doors in the back, which were at the end of two aisles which came down, dividing the room in three sections -- a large one in the middle and two narrower ones on the sides. I was on the left side section and wasn't able to see the right side door, but the left one led to a corridor and a descending ramp along the corridor. There were 300 students in the class and they made noise talking which had made me lose all interest in the class. Besides I have never been used to being in such large classes and it made me uncomfortable. I was then totally absent from the class and trying to work on other courses by catching up on the notes of the classmates around me. The professor was a foreigner; I couldn't tell what nationality, but he was a foreigner. He had left the lectern and was walking along the aisles of the classroom when he realized that I wasn't paying attention to the class and besides, I had a magazine (Reader's Digest, with a blue and white cover, which I wasn't reading at the time) on my knees, on top of the other books. When he saw me, he made some comments without naming me, but directly enough for me to find out he was referring to me. I felt ashamed and didn't know how to apologize. I felt confusion around me (the dream itself was confused at this point). I was in my seat when I looked behind me and saw P., a friend from my neighborhood, with whom I had had a great friendship, and now had a period of distancing from him, going up the ramp. I chose not to meet P. and I turned around, and so did W., a classmate who knew P. and who realized that I felt uncomfortable. However, P. didn't recognize me and he came over and asked me for the magazine I had on my knees, which I lent him, somewhat reluctantly (that day P. had really asked to borrow it). After exchanging a few words, I awoke.