I dreamed that I was in the house of a friend and that we got up at dawn and went fishing. Then we caught a great deal of fish, so many that we had to throw some back into the sea. When we tried to return, a strong wind overturned the boat. I hung on to the side of the boat and tried desperately to find my friend in the water, but did not see him. I was washed up on the shore where there was a huge beach, without people. I tried to look for somebody to help me and didn't find anybody. When I was tired already, I saw a group of people, but when I went over and asked them where I was, they didn't answer; they just looked at me. There were men and women, all of them with nice bodies and great beauty. The girls gave me some strange fruits to eat and water in a pitcher. I fell asleep on the sand. But I awoke when I felt that the men were tying my hands and feet and throwing me to the ocean from a cliff. This part was so real that I felt cold and how I was spinning in the air and that when I fell into the ocean, I didn't die; I floated. Then I heard someone calling my name and it was my friend who was coming with a life saver, but he was naked and covered with blood. My friend untied me and I hung on to the life saver and we headed for the beach, but this was very different from the one before. When we reached the shore, I realized that I was also covered with blood and had wounds on my legs. My friend and I looked for help and we found an old man who gave us clothes and cured us. When we told him we were Peruvian, he surprised us by saying he had never heard that word, meaning Peru. Then he left us on a highway where a truck took us to a city with great buildings, but the city was empty. We continued on foot and got to an airport where we took a plane without knowing where it would go. In the middle of the flight, they asked for our documents and since we didn't have any, the told us that we had to abandon the plane. Then one of the engines started to fail and everybody was screaming and my dream was interrupted at this point.