The surroundings were familiar. I was in my room with two of my siblings: Tony, the youngest of them all, and Tela, the second youngest. We started to have an argument. I don't know what the motive was. Tela wanted to scratch her stomach in front of Tony, and when I saw this, I scolded her. She reacted furiously and told me that why couldn't she do what she pleased. To show me how daring and independent she was, she took off her panties and stood half-naked in front of Tony and me. Then I reacted violently also and, wishing to punish her, I also took off my panties to hit her with them. This happened automatically. When I realized that Tony was present, I felt ashamed and looked for something with which to cover myself. I found some napkins, but they were too small and I continued to search until I found a larger one. Once I was covered, I went to punish Tela, who continued to be in the same condition, and then she threw her panties on my face. I caught her strongly in order to slap her, but my arms were not strong enough. Anyway, I did slap her some but not as I would have wished to do it. When my mother arrived, I told her everything, and when she found out that Tony had witnessed everything, she went looking for my sister, like mad, and I don't remember if she hit her, but she did tell her that she would never forgive her this and that as far as she was concerned, she was dead. I felt more calm once my mother had recriminated her. Tony is 12 and Tela is 14; my mother is 46. My relations with Tela are more or less tense because she always wants to prove that nobody can tell her what to do, and she does not care if we cry as long as she gets what she wants. I get along with Tony much better. He is willful and wants to do as he pleases also, but less frequently than Tela. My mother does not have the strength to correct us. This dream was not pleasant. At the end, Tela was silent. I felt upset because of what had happened and Tony did not do anything; he was just a spectator.