Just yesterday we had a telephone installed in our house. Well, I dreamt the same thing, that they were installing a telephone, but everything happened at nighttime. Once they had installed the telephone, my sister and I were very happy and we went out to go to the house across the street where a couple of old people live. They love us very much and they had let us use their telephone. They live with a servant. Anyway, my sister and I went out, but when we were going to cross the street, I was completely alone and it was 2 a.m and everything was dark. When I was across the street, I saw Ronald with bandages on his head and he told me that he had had an accident (yesterday afternoon he had a slight one). Anyway, I felt dreadful and I started to talk to him lovingly as I did when he was my boyfriend. He was also nice to me and we kissed, but I realized that it was nighttime and that we were on the street in front of my house, and that my father might appear at any time. And besides, I had to go and thank the people for the use of the phone. So I quickly got away from him and when I looked at the house of the people, it had changed entirely; it was dark, ugly, dilapidated and dirty, with a huge garden and very old door. They were looking at us from the window (they are always doing that). I went up the stairs and anxiously asked Ronald whether we would see each other the next day. He answered vaguely that we might and went on to his house. The door was opened for me; the maid, who is very nice, looked very different. The lady looked the same (she's fat and drunk), but at the same time there was another one who was also her, but who looked like a witch, with a long, dirty robe. I didn't want to go in, but they insisted and I didn't want to offend them. I timidly thanked them for their kindness and wanted to leave for home in a hurry, but instead of seeing the door, I kept seeing depressing rooms with Ronald inside. I got out quickly and when I was in the street, I saw my dog, who was barking, and I kept calling him, but he didn't pay attention to me. And then I don't know what happened. I remember only vague things, like a sunny garden where I was and at the same time I was breathing the fresh morning air, that is, dawn. That humid quality of dawn mixed with the smell of the tree that the family has at the entrance of their home. I felt that fragrance and the disappointment over the coolness with which Ronald had treated me and I was comparing his attitude with the one he used to have about me.