The dream took place in the old locale of the university. All of us students were in this building making a collection of money, food and medicines for the people hurt in the earthquake of May 31st I was in a room where they were packing clothes and food. There were several boys and girls. Among the boys that I knew were Biondi and Edwards (they are two students, of Education and Literature, very good friends -- Chela likes Biondi, and Ed is the boy that I am attracted to, somewhat). The four of us - Ed, Biondi, Chela and I - were making packages and singing. Afterwards the boys started to say goodbye. Biondi wanted to kiss me, but then he changed his mind. Ed did kiss me on the forehead. I felt happy and did the same thing. They told us that they would return later bringing us a refreshment, and would continue with the work. Then I appeared alone (because the above-mentioned boys were not there any more) standing in line to make a phone call. I started a conversation with my neighbors, but later I left them because I had become aware of the presence of Gabriel (classmate, very intelligent seminarian, whom I highly admire and appreciate -- he has the same last name that I do, so that I regard him as though he were a cousin of mine). I went towards Gabriel and we began to talk about the reaction that our tragedy had had abroad, about the show of solidarity from all Peruvians, etc. Finally I appeared in a hospital, helping the sick and the victims of the earthquake, when all of a sudden a mental patient came to me and stuck a thick needle in my wrist. He pulled it out immediately afterwards, without letting me react, and left. I was horror-struck; however, blood was not coming out. I left that room to look for a doctor who is a friend of mine (Charles, a boy who studies humanities, the same as I -- sometimes he flirts with me). When Charles saw me, he immediately came to me and told me that I should be home. He wanted to accompany me to my home. I refused, but he insisted. On the way we found my Uncle Gustav (he is like a father to me -- I admire him very much for the way he thinks and acts, and especially for his philosophy of life). The three of us headed for the bus stop.