It has been a very confused dream and I don't remember very well. It seems that some scenes from the previous day have been repeated. The only thing I remember is that I was at a beautiful beach, in some sort of room which overlooked the ocean. Anyway, I had to study and I was sitting at a desk in front of the sea waiting for my best friend and classmate, Nelly, to arrive. We always study together; she is 18 and we love each other very much. She arrived and there were also other people whom I don't remember. We sat at the desk and when we were starting to study, a very large picture of a whole group of girls from my school appeared in my hand. The picture was old and we looked very different, and we laughed for a good while and a lot of classmates I thought I'd forgotten came to my mind. I knew that time was running and was getting ready to start studying again when -- I don't know why -- all of us went outside. We went down some wooden stairs and stood looking at the ocean. I felt great emotion looking at the ocean. Then we all went up to study again and I desperately felt that the time was running. but to my great surprise, I saw that all our notebooks were gone. We went down to look for them and everyone found theirs except me. I was desperately asking around and nobody knew where mine was. A little ways from there, there was another beach and I went there, but it wasn't there either, and I asked a fat girl about it (she was in a swimming suit) and she pointed towards some hats. And I got upset and told her that I wasn't looking for that. I was desperately aware of the time running out and all the rest were already studying, when suddenly I saw Ronald in front of me and he asked  me what my problem was, and I explained to him what was happening and he also started to search, but I told him I had already done that. When I raised my eyes, I saw another shore on the other side of the ocean and one could clearly see Ronald's car. I started to sigh and said that perhaps my notebook was in that place. As soon as I said that, he jumped in the water with clothes and all and started to swim (he does it very well). The fat girl and I stayed on the shore waiting. I continued to observe the beauty of the sea. She asked me who that boy was, and I told her that she would see that later. Ronald came back in his car over the water and when he arrived, he came to me and took my hand with great love and told me that it wasn't there either. Then I started to cry and wail and he tried to encourage me. Then I looked at the fat girl (unknown) and asked her if she already knew who he was and she answered that she did, with a knowing gesture. I don't remember any more, but I did continue to dream a lot of confused and outstanding things.