I was in a small subterranean city. Inside this city there were houses, buildings, cafes, restaurants, etc. First I was taking some refreshments with some friends: Agnes (a friend, Psychology student); Amery (classmate and friend); Louise (friend and classmate). There were two more boys whose faces I did not recognize. The owner of the café was a boy named Ernest (a fellow worker of my mother), who had something against me. After finishing the refreshments, we came out of the café, and each one went his own way. I was still terribly hungry, and since I had no money, I had to go back to the café and steal two sandwiches. Ernest realized that I stole them and he started to chase me. I don't remember how I evaded him, but suddenly I found myself walking beside Agnes. I was telling her what had happened and was trying to justify my bad action by telling her of the hunger that I had felt at that moment. Behind us there was a boy whose face I did not know, who had a penetrating glance and blue eyes. He listened to all that Agnes and I were saying. Ernest, who had disappeared from the scene, reappeared, infuriated, in front of us. He kept on chasing me. I ran and ran until I could no longer run and I let myself be stopped by some policemen who were nearby. They told me that I had committed an unforgivable offense and that they would give me a death sentence. Suddenly the boy who had been following Agnes and me appeared and stated that my theft had not been voluntary, but rather motivated by the hunger I had felt. He made them see that they would have done the same thing under similar circumstances and that, therefore, it would not be fair to put me in jail. In spite of his speech, which was very convincing, he was not able to make them let me go. Desperate, I was able to run to the main exit of that small city, which led into a more highly developed one. In order to cross the threshold it was necessary for me to climb over steep terrain and avoid being caught by the policemen. Little by little I climbed until I finally arrived at the other city. Everything seemed to be more full of life, there was much more happiness. There were children who laughed openly, and lovers strolling through the green and flowery fields.