I dreamt of a terrible tremor. I only know I felt it in my house. I was talking to my mother in the living room when suddenly we began to hear a terrible noise, the noise of earthquakes. We looked at each other, quite scared. The house was starting to crumble and some pieces of brick and glass fell over my body. I was badly hurt. Immediately I went to the hospital; there the doctor (who was around 30 years old and had the same face as that of a psychologist I know and often talk to), started to cry when he saw me, probably due to the terrible state I was in. I felt faint. I was losing lots of blood, and I begged the doctor -- who so far had just stood there looking at me -- to operate on me. While the doctor treated me, I was biting my lips to the point where they were bleeding, so that I would drown the cry of pain coming out of my throat. Once the treatment had been done, the doctor asked me how the accident had occurred. I told him what had happened and added that I did not want to go back home because my mother would be waiting for me, angry, and that she would get even angrier when she saw me with my arms and shoulders bandaged. I began to cry. The doctor probably took pity on me and told me that there was nothing to worry about because he himself would take me home and speak to my mother. We got to my home, which was dark, and when we were talking to my mother I felt that I had some resentment against her. But later she was very nice to me and told the doctor that she would take care of me. Starting on that day, I dedicated myself exclusively to reading -- books were my life. I had read and meditated so much that my head started to develop (physically) and the time came when it got so big that, bit by bit, it began to disintegrate. The pieces started to take the shape of an enormous book. My mother appeared, crying, next to the doctor. He consoled her and told her that everything was for my own good and for the good of everybody. My mother was still crying. I felt anguished.