My brother and I came out of a show and we took the bus to go home, but we did not sit together. The driver was in another place, and there were many Germans (the driver himself seemed to be German). I lost sight of my brother and missed my stop (in order to make a transfer I had to get off), but two little German girls helped me and we got off at the same stop. They got off there because their house was at that stop, and I got off in order to get home from there. They waited until my bus came and saw me get on it. I thanked them very much. It so happened that my brother was in that other bus. We got off and were standing by a lamppost when a couple of Arabs caught us and took us to their "camp," which was nearby. We went in, deathly afraid, and found people doing Chinese or Japanese exercises (something like karate). After their practice, they grabbed me, lifted me, and wanted to take my clothes off with a sword. The guy who was going to do this, i.e., the one with the sword, did not look like an Arab. He had clear eyes and the features of a white man. He was very good-looking. He did not do it, and I don't know how, but I was able to escape. The two doors were opened, and I came out running and nobody followed me. but then I found a group of 3 or 4 who forced me to get back. I spent all the time with the one who was white. He was very nice, and he told me that he really wasn't an Arab, but that he had joined them because he liked their way of life. We went up on a roof to a point where we could look on the whole "camp" from up high, but they did not see us because some pieces of material were covering us. Afterwards we came down, and the people there, including my friend, started packing their things to leave. They didn't look at me like a stranger any more. I asked him what was going on and he pointed with his finger towards a fire and told me they were going elsewhere. When we came out, there were 3 or 4 buses waiting for them. we said goodbye, and I woke up. All the surroundings, except at the beginning, were unfamiliar. Of people, I only knew my brother (I did not see him much). There weren't any women in the "camp." The dream was neither pleasant nor unpleasant.