My dream begins at 11 a.m. (closing time) on a Saturday, when I was in school. I was in a classroom with a group of friends, hearing a reprimand from the principal, who was telling us that due to the lack of discipline, we would have to stay until 2 p.m. We stayed in the classroom, supervised by a proctor. My friends and I made fun of her, telling her that since she had to stay with us until 2, she was also being punished. I felt very, very happy because I knew that my boyfriend (at that time) was coming to pick me up; he was a cadet and when he got out, he always went to my house and if he did not find me there, he would go to my school. My friends and I were talking about our courses. I was a senior. We were telling jokes and talking about the parties to which we went, until the time came when they let us out. And, as I expected, my boyfriend picked me up and we left arm in arm. I was very happy next to him, but afraid to run into my father because both he and my mother couldn't stand my boyfriend because of their dislike of the military. I remembered that each time my father saw me with him, he would say to me, "Let this be the last time that I see you with that cadet!". And he got worse every time, so I was afraid we might run into him and that he would embarrass us. I told my boyfriend that they had punished us, and he said to me what he had once told me, "They punish me at the Academy, so it's about time they punish you too." He was smiling when he said this, and we kept on walking. Suddenly I saw a big green car coming rather fast, and then I got scared. I looked quickly at the car and saw my father and other gentlemen (whom I did not know) in there, so I let go of my boyfriend and started running, and I saw him turn and look at the car, and he started running behind me. I was running as fast as I could, but he caught up with me and stopped me. I started to run again because I had turned around and seen my father with a gun, and he started to shoot. I was so nervous I couldn't run any more, and very tired, and I fell. When I was about to fall, my boyfriend caught me by the shoulder, but I had fallen already, as though I had fainted. Then it seems to me that I did not dream for a while, but later I was in my bedroom with my sister and she was saying to me, "It's nothing. It's over now." And she repeated this several times. I felt hurt all over my body, and then I remembered about what had happened and about my boyfriend and asked about him, and she told me that he was alright in the Academy and asked me whether he was going to come Saturday. And I got the impression that she was lying to me, but I was too tired to talk and I let her go because she was about to leave. My mother came in to heal my knee, which was injured, and I sat up and saw that it was injured and it stung and hurt me. Then I wanted to ask my mother about what had happened. I looked at her and was going to do it when I realized that she did not like the military, and I did not tell her anything, but at that point I woke up.