I dreamt that I was in a very old and dilapidated hospital which I did not know, and nobody came to visit me there. The other patients got lots of visits; their relatives went there and brought them food, magazines, and stayed with them a long while. The other patients and their relatives looked strangely at me. I got the impression that they did not want to get close to me. I couldn't understand this. I was alone, sad, and did not know how to get out of that situation. I knew that I could ask the people around me for help or try to communicate with them, ask them why they had that attitude. I understood this, but something seemed to stop me from doing it. I could not speak; however, I was not quite desperate because it made me happy to see the other patients talk among themselves, smile and wait for visiting hours. Every once in a while I would react to what was happening to me and I would look at the other patients, and try to catch their attention, making gestures. I would move back and forth in the bed, but since they did nothing about it, I felt like crying, but I controlled myself. Then a nurse appeared, and when she saw me like that, she looked at me mysteriously, and came back after a while with a shot which I did not want her to give me. I tried to defend myself, but she grabbed my arm with strength and gave me the shot. I think I fell asleep, but not too soundly because I heard noises of metal instruments being handled and I did not want to open my eyes. I heard voices whispering, men's and women's voices. I can't tell what they were saying, but an authoritarian voice said, "To the room," "To the operating room!" It must have been the voice of a doctor. I felt that my bed was being moved. I wanted to speak, but could not do it, so I tried to move, but I was numb. I kept hearing voices, among them I recognized my mother's, so I wanted to make a big effort to speak to her. I was going to open my mouth and I saw a shadow in front of me. More or less at that point, I awoke. Surroundings: the hospital room where I was, was white, but there were cobwebs in the corners, everything was dusty, and the ceiling, walls and floor were cracked. The patients wore white and blue striped gowns, the beds and beddings were white. I did not know any of the patients, except I could tell they were older than myself. The same goes for their visitors.