I only remember this dream: I was at the stadium watching a game of soccer in which the Peruvian team was playing. I don't remember against which country we were playing. It was noon, sunny, and there were lots of people at the stadium. I was with my father, mother, and sister and couldn't understand my excitement at that moment because I do not like soccer too well. Nevertheless, I was cheering our team. The minutes were passing by and the game was very exciting. Suddenly, I don't know how, I saw the dining room at my house where I was listening to the game on the radio. It must have been 3 or 4 in the afternoon and there was no sun, and I was alone with my sister. The game continued to be exciting, when I saw a newspaper and took it and started glancing through it. When I saw a photo of a U.S. rock group, I looked at them intently; their faces seemed very expressive. It seemed a very clear picture or a mirror reflecting their image directly. The picture seemed to have been taken at a performance because it looked like they were singing. After looking at the picture, I got the impression of having gone inside it, because I found myself in a theater, big, full of lights, with a huge red curtain which opened immediately, and I could see the rock group on the stage. The lights were turned off and the spotlights went on. They were very brightly colored in red, blue, yellow, green -- the members of the group were dressed in black with colored accessories. They were dressed as "hippies," had long hair and they all moved too much. The leader made gyrations with each of his screams. The sound was strident, although at times the music seemed sweet and melodic, but then the loud sounds were repeated. They were doing a very long song, and then I was told that the members of the group had taken drugs before the performance, which made me nervous, but I calmed down when I realized that I was with three friends of mine (I don't remember anything about them; they were girls) that I was not alone, but I had the idea that the police would be getting there any minute. Then I woke up.