I saw my cousin clearly as she was being questioned and reproached by her father. Next to her was my aunt who also scolded her severely. The matter being discussed was that she had acted thoughtlessly and without knowing it, she had messed things up. I must confess that when I awoke, I thought this incident was true and that the dream had really taken place, and that their reaction (my uncle's and aunt's) had been okay. Thinking about it a good while, before breakfast, I remembered that this had never happened, and that everything was in order. I must disclose the fact that I would have wanted something like this to happen, because the problem went as follows: A few days ago, my brother's fiancé came to my home while my cousin was visiting. I told my cousin that this was a person my mother knew, and she, due to something that was said, thought that she was my grandmother's godchild. Naturally I only told her this because my brother had recently been engaged and he expressly asked us not to tell the family about it, in order to avoid comments due to the young age of the bride-to-be. But my mother could not hide the fact any longer and when my uncle came to pick up my cousin, she told him that her son's fiancé had come, but she didn't say anything to my cousin, and she didn't find out. The worst of it is that this incident has left me very nervous, and I don't even want to go to my cousin's because then she will ask me why I didn't tell her, etc. It's been a week since my cousin's visit, but all the members of my family, including my parents and myself, are very nervous about the reaction of the other members of my family. I think that this has influenced my dream a lot. Coming back to the dream: I remember that my uncle was telling my cousin, "You are a fool; you shouldn't have said anything," and my aunt, "What they must have thought!" My cousin was answering, "But I didn't buy the magazines, they gave them to me; besides, what was I to do? They were not going to throw me out of the house for letting him know that they were keeping so many magazines and hadn't paid taxes for them." Her parents were still reproaching her, her lack of tact, until she lowered her head and left, while they made angry faces, as though they were angry at themselves.