The dream I had was relatively short. I was shopping downtown with my sister, when suddenly I saw myself in front of my school and telling my sister that this was my school. But the funny thing about the dream is that even though in Miro Quesada Street, where my school is, there are no buildings or tall constructions opposite from it (there is a plain wall). In my dream I saw that the bank that is across the street from La Merced Church was across the street from school. There I saw a bunch of armed policemen, armed for assault, and they were observing us. Suddenly I saw a boy from my class who is one of the most rebellious agitators and he was going towards a group of boys who were on the same side of the street I was on, and I saw myself asking him what time the meeting would be. All of a sudden I was inside the school in a room next to the door, and suddenly everything was confusion. I heard screams from women who were frantically running. In the room we got to see that the police were invading the place. Suddenly we saw the policemen throwing tear gas bombs, even inside the room where we were. We couldn't go out, because it was worse outside, and we were getting desperate. Suddenly I saw my sister and I saw that the ones who were in the room shouted that we shouldn't go outside. I saw some people fainting. I felt faint myself, and when I came to, I found myself and 4 classmates (2 boys and 2 girls) lying on a table, and we tried to get out but we couldn't. We decided to shut the doors and windows, but through the door cracks they kept throwing tear gas at us. I felt desperate. I wanted to get out and look for another exit into the street. Then I started to think about my mother and father and to hear a friend telling me that it was because of this that she did not go to meetings. The boys were telling us that the police were unjust because we hadn't done anything; they were the ones who had suddenly and mysteriously invaded the place. The dream was interrupted here.