This dream is somewhat confused. I saw myself coming back at night from the university, something I never do. I was coming from the library, when suddenly, when I was almost home, less than half a block away, I met a 12-year-old boy I know (he lives around my house) and he threatened me with a knife, and I, surprised, called him by his name and he pretended not to know me. And then he told me that he was doing this because they were in a bad situation at home and he was trying to help his mother. I gave him everything of value I had and was very surprised because even though it was 9 p.m., there were many people in the store across the street from my house, and they all looked at the scene as though they understood and found it very natural. The boy, whose name is Victor, started to run. He was very nervous, and I remained petrified, and then I reacted and ran to my house and saw that it was not close, and I had to run about 8 blocks. I arrived at my house and saw that it was dark, that nobody was there and nobody opened the door for me. I felt desperate and I crossed the street and stood in front of my house, and suddenly I saw a car arriving to my house. It was a blue Dodge and it was big, but rather old (I think it was a 1960 model), and I wanted to stop the car, but then I went behind the car and first I saw my brother driving it, but when the car stopped and I got to it, I saw that an unknown man was driving it and my brother was sitting next to him. In the back of the car there were other people, and I was surprised to see they were people I knew from the university. I banged the car window so that they would open the door for me. I shouted that I had been assaulted and that there was nobody home, and I kept screaming to my brother that he should get out and open the door of the house, but he and his friends looked at me and smiled with sarcasm and making fun, and that's how the dream ended. Then I saw my mother scolding me for having left the university so early, before dawn, but I was telling her that the assault had happened at night, and she did not understand, and here everything stopped.