In this dream I was in Cantolao Beach with my sister Mary, who is 18, and my youngest sister, who is 14. We had gone there with a friend of my sister Mary. The strange thing is that the beach, which is a stone beach, looked like some kind of mountain and I saw myself and my sisters sitting almost at the top of this mountain; and from there we could look at the sea. My sister and her friend went down to swim. I had already swam. A classmate of my sister, who swims very well, asked me if I weren't going to swim, and I answered that I had already swum and that I wasn't going in the sea again because it was very cold. My sister came back from the sea and we sat down to rest and dry ourselves. Suddenly we felt the sun going down and started to get cold. We looked at the sea and in the distance we saw a giant wave was forming. We decided to run like mad. We were the first ones to realize what was happening. I saw myself holding my youngest sister's hand, telling her to run as fast as she could. We had to go up to the top of the mountain and then down, and then we had to go up another one. There was like a whole chain of mountains. When we had passed those, we saw a huge wall made of cement. I don't know how we got through it, but we came out and found ourselves in the square at La Punta, which was deserted. We were disoriented, but then we realized that what we had to do was call home and tell them that the sea was coming out, but we couldn't find a public phone and the people wouldn't open their doors for us. Mona's (my sister's friend) brother, who is only 10, appeared driving a car, and we all got in the car and went towards home. I saw myself screaming that the sea was coming out, but I saw that at home they were getting ready. I went up to my room running and grabbed blankets and as many clothes as I could, and getting into our station wagon. At home everyone was running. My mother was telling us to hurry because the sea would come out and take everything in 15 minutes. We got out of the house running and there was a traffic jam. we were desperate because time was running. Suddenly I saw myself going up a hill called "El Pinerolo" on the road to Cieheguilla, where we have a farm and where we had gone for shelter. From there I could see Lima and Callao and we saw that Callao was being flooded completely by the waves. I cried a lot and then I was in the farm, sleeping on the floor. Then I awoke.