I'm living in this little cabin-y sort of house with the cats, and Linda's coming over later to go out [just as we'd planned] but I think I'll go for a walk or something, even though I have doubts about leaving. I live near a park sort of area with a creek and trees and people come there for fun, but it doesn't have facilities or signs. I go up this way and spend some time before I run into this girl. She's got short dark hair and is wearing slightly butch clothes - reminds me of Renee. She starts a conversation about the time I decide to go back, and keeps on asking me questions about myself. I think she wants me to say I'm gay but won't ask directly, and I'm just not volunteering the information. She follows me almost all the way back home before giving up (or I shake her, however it was). I'm a bit late getting back and Linda is already there with some other people, maybe a sister of hers and the sister's kids (teenagers), something like that. Something seems to be bothering them and I suddenly get scared that somebody's broken into my house again. I open the door carefully and look around, but everything's in place. They bustle around the way families will and I try to get it together so we can go where we're going. One thing is to get a bunch of stuff out of my purse that I've accumulated. This includes 3 different kinds of Band-Aids in tins, which fall over in the back compartment and the Band-Aids fall out. I'm real annoyed at this and the more I try to get them out easily without getting all mixed up, the more mixed up they get. I keep whining, "Damn" or "Shit" every time something shifts - not very entertaining for the guests but I'm pretty frustrated and don't care. To add to the problem, somehow I spill water into my purse, which will ruin everything. ----I get organized finally and we leave - we go somewhere like a museum, where we've seen something and there are attendants around and on the way out we get sort of hung up talking to them - I have some sort of problem getting my shoe or some part of my clothes caught on something on a man who's with us. There are more of us now, including Lynn and Dan - we're actually doing something besides visiting, we're using what we've just seen in some way. The blonde daughter is trying to hurry us up so we can get started with our project, which involves portable computers - we're setting them up in the lobby, sitting on the couches there and working at something - but mine isn't working right. It's taking some of the numbers I've put in and repeating them elsewhere on the screen at odd angles, where they fade and drift off the screen. I clear it and start again, but it does the same thing - I tell the others and they share my concern that if it's the computer that's doing it, it could damage my disk. One more try - it gets worse, finally putting all sorts of random numbers on the screen. Later I'm at Lynn and Dan's house with Tree - we've gone into the back yard (it's night) and Tree gets out of the house and runs across the yard and I run to catch him.