It's a rather confused dream for me. I was walking around my house with a friend who is the same age as I and whom I frequently see. We arrived to the door of my house and I went in, but she didn't. When I went in, I found another friend who was waiting for me to go see a ship, but we had to wait till the maid arrive because nobody was home and I had to leave word of where I was going. I don't remember exactly who the maid was, but everything looked familiar. It was my own house. But I don't know how, when we went out the door, there was a bunch of gentlemen of around 40 or 50 years who were waiting for us to get into the ship. My friend got in, but I couldn't because I said I felt uncomfortable with the clothes I had on and I asked them to wait for me to change. This time I went into a house that was on a second story, while mine is on the first, as though it were mine. I ran up the stairs and saw my mother and father who were asking me where I was going. I told them that I had been invited and that I had to change into slacks. I went into my room, and it was just as it is, except that for some reason I couldn't find the clothes that I was looking for, especially the shoes. I spent hours desperately trying to find them until I realized that my father had left some shoes he had bought for me on top of the dresser. There were many shoes, but in different sizes, all the same color and shape, and to my surprise, I realized that they were the ones I used in school. I put them on, but I realized that they did not have any straps to tie them, so I desperately searched everywhere until I found a pair of old shoes underneath my sister's bed and took the straps out and put them on mine. At that moment two girls about my age came up; one had black hair and the other brown, and they told me to hurry, that they had been waiting for me for quite a while. I don't know either of them. The brown-haired one stood at the bottom of the stairs and the black-haired one came up to the top of the stairs and stood there. My mother went over to talk to her and I felt very uncomfortable. I felt that the clothes I had on were bothersome and that they didn't match. I saw myself uncombed and in disarray. In contrast, the black-haired girl had a party dress on and my mother told me she was very pretty. Then we descended the stairs and I saw a ship at the door of my real house (not the one on the second story). It was a war ship and the heads of the gentlemen I had previously seen were sticking out from it. I don't know if I went inside or not because at that moment everything became blurry or I don't remember what happened.