I was at home, my mother was in bed. In her room there were other people whom I don't remember. I left my house and went to the house of a friend and got in, but it was not the house where she lived, but a different place instead. I went up the stairs and she told me she was going to go on a diet because she was getting fat (she's really thin). Then I told her that this was because she had so badly wanted to gain weight and now she had to lose some. Then there was another girlfriend sitting in the living room and she started to speak (I don't know what about). The sister and some friends of my friend passed in front of us and we greeted them. Then my friend said that her mother was in the bathroom near where we were. The mother called her to ask her if she looked well because she was going out. When I saw her, I saw it wasn't her mother, but a geography teacher we had in school. At that moment I appeared in my home again. The same people were there, but a friend of mind had also arrived and she was sitting at the edge of the bed. Then I went out to see if I had received mail from a friend who writes to me, and when I went out, I saw a boy who had been my boyfriend standing there. I greeted him and went straight to pick up the mail. My father came out and didn't greet him, and asked me what I was doing and I said I was looking for my mail, but there was none for me. I went over to my ex-boyfriend and told him that my friend was inside and he said he wanted to speak to her, but I didn't want him to come in and I told him that she was trying on clothes and that my mother was sick. He was angry because my father hadn't even looked at him. Then my mother started to complain about something or other. In order not to be embarrassed, I told him we should go and we started walking toward his car, which was in a garage a block away from my house, but as we walked, we kept hearing my mother's screams, complaining. I was worried about what he would think and told him to excuse her because she was sick. He looked serious but was hugging me. We got to his car, which was a sports car and didn't look like the one he has. He took a telephone out and called a girl to ask some questions of her about something he wanted to know. Then he hung up and kissed me. At that moment I awoke.