The dream I'm about to tell happened in several surroundings. I can't say they were more than one dream because I remember it as one. In the first place I was at home, but the structure of the building was different. My mother was with me and she was sewing a robe. When we looked out the window to see the street, we saw Fanny, a friend of mine, in front of the house (19 years old). I was telling my mother, "Look how much weight she's lost." I was about to call her when she told me not to because she was playing volleyball with some friends. I could really hear the ball bouncing. When we looked out the window later, we saw she was inside the car in which we had seen her before, lying there with her friends and in the back of the car. There were some North American girls that had come to Peru on a cultural exchange. Fanny talked to my mother and told her that her mother had also made herself a silk robe. She asked my mother about that material she was using to make the robe and its quality, and told her about some material that I don't remember which I have never known about. Then the North American girl asked me about the number 7 bus line, which took you to another one (10 or 14). Since I didn't know, I told her so. Then I remembered several bus lines -- 10B, 70, 14 -- which go by my house. While I was thinking of them, I was already walking with my friend Mary (19 years) through a row of hills. We wanted to come down from there and we walked horizontally until we reached a road that was almost vertical, which led to another which was in between two hills. We came down, almost running, and then I remembered that one day in Punta Hermosa (a southern beach) I had done the same thing and had gathered so much momentum that when I reached the road, which was narrow, I had to keep climbing the next hill until I could stop, so I wouldn't fall (this really happened to me and I remembered it in my dream). We continued on the path, which was rather broad, and we were saying that we had to go back because our parents were waiting for us. But after walking a while, we saw a couple of North American sailors, with two girls from the same country, behind us. Mary told me we should go over to them and we did this, and we decided to go to the beach. Following the path, we arrived at a sandy place and couldn't see the sea, but when we walked three steps from there, we saw it. I was asking myself why we hadn't seen it before. I thought that perhaps because I was short, but this was not it. I saw my brother swimming and he called me to the beach, but later I didn't see him any more. Then Mary and I took off our slacks and our blouses and we already had bathing suits on. When I started to swim, it seemed to me that the sea was rough and pulling me and I wanted to get out, but couldn't. Then a big wave came, bringing lots of jelly fish, and I was scared of them (I am) and I came out in a hurry. When I got out, I saw my mother, father and brothers coming and I went toward them, getting away from the group of Mary and the sailors because of what m parents might think. I could hear what they were saying, because they were speaking Spanish. Then my mother started to put some cream on my head, telling me that it was so that the sea water would not spoil my hair. but I didn't want to go in because there were jelly fish. (Fanny and Mary are friends of mind and I like them very much and appreciate them.)