In this one I was in a rather large, unfamiliar place that looked somewhat like the portals at San Martin Square (Lima). Instead of sidewalks and roads, it was some sort of a yard that was next to a wall (something like a seawalk), but this place was not by the sea. I was with a bunch of guys, around my age, and I started to think that I was the only woman in the place, and at that moment a bus that picked up people who worked in a nightclub passed by. This called our attention and we were asking each other questions. In spite of being surrounded by so many people, I felt lonely. At this point I turned around and saw a group of three girls, among whom there was a friend who went to school with me (she sat next to me in school and we formed a quartet which we called ARAB from the initials of the four names; it's the best way to describe her). When we started to talk, I remembered that she had relatives in Chimbote and I asked her if her family was alright, if nothing had happened to them in the May 31st earthquake which affected that zone. She told me that two of her brothers had died. Then she laughed and said it was a lie, and I was so relieved! I also asked her about her brother (older than she) whom we used to tease when she wrote letters to him in school. She told me he was alright and that he always remembered the quartet that teased him. I don't know how I got away from them and I became like a child in my behavior. I wanted to play, jump, laugh, because I felt lonely and bored. I could see the group of boys doing their thing on one side and the girls on the other. Then they started to come toward me one by one because they were also bored. I had tried to call their attention. We started to look at the stores and then we saw a group of foreign sailors and we thought we would introduce ourselves to them and did so. They were either North American or English (one of these, and it seems they were North American). They only spoke English; none of them knew Spanish. One of the girls who knew English started to translate what they and we were saying. Since I didn't understand anything in English, because I always studied French, I felt kind of strange and kept getting more bored. The girl who knew English had graduated from a British school which is near my home and her parents are North American. I know several girls from that school and know that they come out speaking English perfectly, but I don't remember this girl. Truthfully, she wasn't one of the ones I know. That was all of my dream, because I awoke at that moment.