I am sure that my dream happened at the university, but the building was completely different. I had been in class and then one of the professor called my 10-year-old sister and asked her to recite the lesson and she did it very well (this amazed me because when she recites her own lessons, she gets stuck with words). Everybody applauded her. Among the students and sitting in the third row was my mother. Becky, my sister, addressed her and told her that she had studied for her, and I got upset and told her to sit down. In my dream there were two boys I like, I am attracted to them. It was strange to see them in the classroom because they really study in different classes. Seeing the attitude I had taken towards my sister, A. was looking surprised at me. He was just behind me, but I didn't care at all. The other one, B., was sitting in the same row as my mother, but his hair was lighter. When I turned to look at my mother, she was no longer there. I remember having seen her later on and asked her if she had seen B. and told her that he looked better every day. To this she replied that he seemed to have changed (in real life, my mother doesn't know him, has never seen him and has just heard me talk about him). Later on, since the class was over, I went out in the hallway and found Fanny (female, 19) who asked me to go to the department offices with her, and while we were there, I saw to my surprise that the Dean of the school was Sister Angela (she is a nun who was, and still is, the principal of my high school). When we asked for the results of our tests, the lights went out (according to the nun, all over the school), but when I returned to my class, they were not out and the others weren't either. The boys were getting ready to pull a practical joke and had drawn the caricature of a man on the board. When I went it, I sat at another place where another friend of mine from school (who didn't get into the university) was sitting with her younger sister. The boys who were in back of us started playing with our caps. They took them off and put them back on. Anyway, they messed my hair. Some boys who were in front were laughing. I got angry. Angie had to comb my hair (in real life, I have never played with the boys). Then Sister Angela arrived and made us get out of the room because, according to her, the lights had gone out, even though these were on. She led us through a corridor to a door and, opening it, she made us go into a church. I knew its name. I said it is such and such, but I didn't know it. They made us go in and sit on benches and a priest who was saying Mass interrupted it in order to teach us Theology. I was sitting on the first bench and was amazed. A moment later he interrupted the class and continued with the Pater Noster of the Mass, but in order to say it, he gave a plate of food which we had to exchange with each other and nobody should have the same plate that they had at the beginning. Only one girl cheated (if you can call it that) and kept the same dish. Well, this happened only with a few of us (among them myself) because the rest of the girls had disappeared. The priest made us sit at the table where the religious act was being done. That's all; we were sort of playing at the altar. I had forgotten a detail -- at the university we were all in our old school uniform (the one used in 4th grade). I don't remember whether the boys were wearing uniforms.