It is a Friday, and I am supposed to bring someone to church on Sunday.  I tell Mother I will call Alma in the morning and ask them.  I get up early in the morning and take my sister Nancy.  We ride the bus and are going to church.  On the way, a smart-aleck guy gets on who won't give the bus driver the 7-cent fare when he asks for it.  The bus driver drives on anyway.  He is a very short, mousy man with a tan leather jacket.  Later I notice that they are sitting together.  When Nancy and I and the bus driver get off at St. Bernard and Broad, the other guy leaves, and the bus driver is really glad.  He says the guy was going to kill him.  I have an urge to do something about it, but I don't.  At this same place, I discover that I am not wearing church clothes.  What's more, I realize it is Saturday.  I don't have any money.  I ask Nancy if she has any, and she says no-only 20 cents.  For some reason it seems that is not enough.  I don't remember how we get home.  It seems like there was some really dramatic action between the bus driver and the other guy.  When we get home, there is a long cardboard box like department stores use, and its lid is moving up and down very slightly.  Daddy says that some dog discovered that Grandma Clifford had been buried alive.  They dug her up, and she was still living.  The lid is her breathing.  I never do see her.  Sharon is there, and as I am going to tell her about this, I see a card which has been sent to us, like a greeting card.  Mother says Uncle Ben has died, and I am horrified.  I open the card, and inside is several clippings and a full copy of my hometown newspaper.  One clipping has Uncle Ben's picture and part of a headline above it which reads "Higgins Second Only to ...."  I wonder if they could be the second richest people in my hometown.  The clipping is an orange newspaper like the local newspaper late editions, and so is the whole newspaper, so I look through it to see if I can find the whole headline.  I can't find it on the orange sheet or anywhere.