A large group of friends and relatives was in the living room of our house, which reminded me of our family house in my hometown.  Uncle Jack and his family (all -- or at least most -- of it), Uncle Albert and his, John and Lois and their kids, and more that I can't remember.  Somewhere in the house where we were alone, Jody walked by me on her way to the bathroom, and she was naked from the waist up.  I reached out and felt one of her breasts.  When she returned from the bathroom, I did it again, and this time she reprimanded me. Later, we all got in three cars and headed for New York, to see Doug and Marilyn.  I was glad, because I wondered how they liked the record I sent them.  My sister Nancy and my daughter Christina were in the car I was in, with 5 other people, including some of Uncle Jack's family and possibly Grandpa and Grandma.  At least once I was with Grandpa and Grandma, because Grandpa asked me if I wanted to drive the rest of the way.  My sister Nancy was much younger-about 7 or 8, I guess; she was very precocious and had very dark hair.  I felt there were too many people in our car, and I wanted to change to another one, but when the other two pulled alongside, I found that they were just as crowded.  One of them was even a small bus.  Part of the time I was riding in a car driven by Uncle Joe; it's very confusing.  I remember going through some little town that looked like Germany.  We weren't making very rapid progress, and finally stopped at some motel in MixJunction.  It was a huge room, all glass, with beds enough for all of us in it.  I was very uneasy for John and Lois, what with their being among all these relatives of mine and being delayed in their trip; I knew how I would have felt under those circumstances.  They had just planned on a short visit with my wife Bonita and me, and got caught up in all this.  Anyway, it seemed so stupid to have to spend the night between two major cities  (To say nothing of spending it in MixJunction.)  I suspected Thad had something to do with it, or Uncle Joe, who seemed to take a circuitous route, but when I complained to Mother about it, she said it was Fred or Effie's idea-but just as she said it, she saw through an open door Fred and Effie, who had just driven up, getting out of their car, and she clammed up.  Fred had a beard and looked sort of like Dr. Knowland.  I was surprised they had chosen this place, because it was pretty dingy.