Bonnie came to see if I needed anything and just poked around before going to work - later I went to Bluebonnet and was looking at things like a perfume ("White Oak"?) that I couldn't smell and other such things when I realized I just came straight on without a shower or anything and I must look awful. I went round to the back and got out my little mirror - decided I'd manage. While I was deciding, I'd got on a bus in the parking lot, and was halfway down the drive before I realized I'd better get off, my car was here at the store. Somewhere I run into Dad and My stepmother, who I carried on a casual conversation with and we went on to walk home together. (I wasn't living with them, but it was on the way.) There wasn't much conversation, and My stepmother walked on ahead. I fell into a daydream about a quiz show kind of like the one I'd seen yesterday, "Chance of a Lifetime" - only it was more like something I'd seen in England and it was the sort where you had to decide if you were coming back the next day to win more. I daydreamed it was me playing and planning to go for it all when I came awake and saw that My stepmother was nowhere in sight. Dad wasn't concerned, he said she'd probably gone by to see about "the boys" - who I took to mean my brother and male cousin, living together as roommates. We cut through somebody's yard and across the corner of a yard and a porch. I knew we were in Oak town and recognized the kind of little semi-shabby house, but kind of envied it and the little apartment house we passed - one window had something hanging in it that I noticed. Wherever the place was, they weren't home, and we went on (I was aware of it being a very long walk) past where Grandmom used to live [which is not in Oak town]. We stopped - for a rest? - next to the house, just where you couldn't see it, facing the railroad track. Dad leaned against (a car?) and talked a little, as if to himself, about how he wished things were different - with him and My stepmother, with the family - and he looked sad and dejected. I started to tell him he could have it different, maybe for both of them, maybe just for him, and almost got to tell him about LT when I woke up - I'd said I was going to a psychotherapist and that was good, but what really made the difference was...