       but there's something about her that's not so much fun and I don't want to wake her up... I decided I'm gonna watch a movie on video, which seems to be "Willow", but isn't really - I'm sure there are some elements of it - [I seem to have some images of the real characters that are on it, but] the way the movie ends up, I think that there is a Darth Vader in it, somewhere, and actually the space capsule, being shot up - I keep thinking of explosion - in a city, specifically, there's a bridge over a river, and you see the skyscrapers and whatnot in the background, and on the left bank as you're facing... there's a round space-capsule type of thing, and he shoots it up into space - or into the air, anyway, I'm not sure where it's actually going - it's not actually meant for space travel, but... here on earth; and that's where the movie ends. And then they start rolling the credits. Now, before the movie gets to this point, a bunch of people wake up; and I have - this is a kind of parlor in front of the house, and there are lots of bedrooms - and it turns out that there is, like, a band of gypsies actually staying there. This was a sudden kind of arrangement, and the woman that I was talking about, and everybody else, practically, in the house has been waked up. And it's not by the movie, I don't think, maybe just the continuing sounds of somebody coming in and having the movie on and they're all gradually waking up and coming to investigate what it is, what's going on, finding it's me and go back to bed. One of 'em, a woman, doesn't; she - these people may be gypsies - I think they're also part of the circus - and they're not all dark-gypsy-stock sort of people. This woman's blonde (not very - she's a kind of mousy, dishwatery-blonde sort of person) and she seems to have a kind of German accent, maybe? And she's wanting to talk. [At the moment I'm not remembering what she wants to talk about.] She's asking me these "chatty" questions, in a sort of Slavic accent, and I'm really not wanting to talk to her, I'm wanting to watch the movie, and I answer a couple of her questions, you know, polite and all that, and then I notice - I've noticed the music continuing for a while now, and I've noticed the movie is over and the credits are rolling, which kinda ticks me off, and so I say to her, "Look, actually, I wanted to see the end of this movie", and I reach over and push the buttons to rewind it and it starts rewinding visibly on the screen, and so she goes away and actually it's as if somebody else comes in, I'm not really sure. And the same kind of thing happens, another time, although quite briefly and I get distracted again, rolling the movie forward; I realize I've missed the explosion again. I wanted to see the space capsule shoot up in the air, and so finally, (he) goes away or it quiets down and I get to actually look at it, and I see that happen, then the credits roll, and it's just credits - names rolling across the screen, and so forth, and then hearing the music, [and at this moment I can't tell you that it was the actual music from "Willow", but it was nice,,... movie music, and that's what my mind says it was, and then I wake up.]