I was at a place where some people were going to try out for a play that a well-known director was directing.  For some reason I was not trying out.  I went in a back room sort of like the living quarters of Grandpa and Grandma's old store, except it was a large public restroom.  I had to take a crap, and there were several toilets, but only one was enclosed, and it was occupied by the director.  I didn't want to take a crap out in the open like that, but I didn't want to hang around waiting outside the closed one either.  So, since there was no one else in there anyway, I made for an open one, even though the director at that moment came out of his.  I don't know how it came about, but in a very short while there were lots of people in there-mostly women and children.  There were two black girls about college age in front of me and to my right, and they were discussing what a hard time they were having taking a crap because they felt inhibited -- that is, they couldn't convince themselves that they were really on a toilet and that they wouldn't crap in their pants or something -- which was exactly the way I felt.  I sat there for quite a while, and actually did something, too, but I didn't want to get up and wipe myself with all those people around.  There were a couple of pairs of rather dirty diapers on the floor in front of me, and a couple of the kids (little girls all, I think) were marvelling that I still wore them.  I was embarrassed-I didn't think I still wore them either, but I couldn't figure out any other explanation for them.  I thought about wiping myself with them when I got up, as if to suggest that that is what they were there for-but I decided that that wouldn't be convincing, since they were already soiled.  Finally I got up and pulled my pants up without wiping, and began to rinse out the diapers.  I was afraid the people would think I was really disgusting for not wiping, but I decided that that was better than wiping in front of them.  I waited at least until the crowd had thinned out, and then I wiped myself-once.  <p