I was living in some kind of dormitory or hotel, maybe in Paris.  I got up in the morning and was supposed to meet some people at 8:20 to take a trip.  First I went to the bathroom, only to have some guy at a desk stop me and ask to see my university professor ID.  I thought that was ridiculous, but he wouldn't let me pass without it, so I had to go back.  I ended up somewhere outside, though, and on my way back to the building I met a girl (Annie Soule, maybe) who had just gotten off the subway and was also going to join the group going on the trip.  She said it was already 8:10.  I was shocked.. I looked at my watch and it said 8:55-which, strangely enough, did not prove to me that it was even later than she said, but that my watch had stopped, since that was the time it read when I tried to go to the bathroom, and therefore that was why I was late.  I thought there was barely an outside possibility that I could still make it, but I felt like polio was setting in my legs-they were very stiff, and ached badly, and sometimes collapsed.  She walked with me, though, along the base of an elevated railway.  We reached a building and had to climb the fire escape.  We reached about the fifth floor and she stepped off the edge.  Without a sound, she plummeted to the concrete below.  I couldn't bear to look, and was paralyzed by a state of abject terror.  I collapsed on the spot-a small corner of the fire escape at the corner of the building.  I was scared to move, and for some time I couldn't even utter a sound.  Then I began to cautiously (as if too loud a sound would cause me to fall) to call out hoarsely, "Adam.  Eve."  Gradually louder.  Soon I was sure that I must have made someone aware of my presence; I could hear voices around the corner.  I was hoping they would send the fire department to rescue me so I could keep my eyes tightly closed and just lie there.  But they didn't.  Apparently they thought I was planning to jump, and they handed my daughter Christina to me around the corner to discourage me from it.  This was the last thing I needed, and I was more horrified than ever.  I began shouting at them to take her back, and then screaming hysterically.  And I blamed it all on the guy with his bathroom ID regulations.