I was at something like college registration, only it occurred at the end of a school year.  As I came to the building in which it was held, it was late at night, but there was a big mob moving through the door, merging into some semblance of a line inside.  I recognized a lot of people from either my alma mater or high school, including Helen Gamble of the former group, and Anne Panelli and Nanlee Briggs of the latter.  I got in line behind Anne.  I decided that the big rush was because the time was just at the curfew hour (1:45 a.m. or 2:45 a.m.) and everyone was just returning from dates, etc.  I could have kicked myself for picking such a bad time.  As I got to the window or counter where the necessary transaction was to take place, I saw Jim Wheeler first in line.  I was really excited, since I had wondered for so long how to get in touch with him.  When I spoke to him, he seemed pleased to see me, but not overly surprised.  He was having a bit of trouble with the registration procedure.  It seemed you needed a card with your social security number on it, plus the names and SSNs of two other people.  I told him my SSN so that he could use it, and I noticed how badly his hand shook when he wrote it down; he was extremely nervous.  I wanted to visit with him, but decided it was better to finish the procedure and get out of that madhouse first.  I couldn't find my card, though, and when I tried to get someone behind the counter to help me, they always moved over and waited on someone else.  I was getting really mad, and finally started complaining to one of the employees who was not waiting on anyone.  He asked me to lower my voice.  I told him I had been waiting there longer than anyone else who was now being waited on.  Also, to my surprise and dismay, Jim was gone, and I didn't know how to locate him again.  I finally succeeded in getting a battered, faded card as a replacement for mine.  It had one other SSN on it, which looked like what I remembered Jim's to be.  Part of it was faded out, but I was able to reconstruct it from memory.  The last four digits, I think, were 1562.  By that time, though, everyone else had gone, and there was no one to get another number from.  I was infuriated, and told them so.  I said it was stupid to have to have two other SSNs, and I didn't see how the university where I work could have such a speedy and efficient registration system and then have this thing so loused up.  By this time it was beyond their closing time, and they acted like they were doing me a favor just talking to me.