I was in the lobby of a hotel, at the desk or the bar, watching a ball game on TV.  A very attractive black girl came in with another girl, white, and stood very close to me.  She was in physical contact with me somehow, either affectionately or accidentally.  Soon, though, they left and headed for the elevator.  Suddenly I had the feeling I had been taken, and I grabbed for my billfold.  It was there, but I was already starting after them and shouting to the hotel clerk that I had been robbed as I looked inside.  Sure enough, I found only $2, where before I had had about $50.  They had already gone up on an elevator.  I started to go up another one, but decided it would be best for me to wait until they came down or send someone up to search for them while I waited.  After a while I looked up and saw them calmly sitting in a mezzanine coffee shop over the lobby.  I ran up there and they jumped up and ran for the stairs.  The other girl was my sister Nancy.  I caught one or the other of them and threatened to bash her head in with a glass ashtray I had picked up.  I don't remember whether that was before or after I had chased her downstairs, or what happened to the other one.  In the chase I would go halfway down a flight of stairs, then vault the banisters onto the next flight.  The girl I was chasing did the same thing, though, and I gradually lost ground on her.  I was shocked and upset that Nancy was involved, and I couldn't get her to tell me why.  Later, I was walking with Mother to my car on a darkened street, and we were talking about it, and she didn't know what to make of it either.  Later, also in Nancy's presence (I think), and outdoors, Jim Duggan appeared, and he either attacked me or I felt threatened by him, and I had to defend myself.  I quickly got the upper hand and had him draped backwards over the back of a park bench.  Maybe Jody was there too.  Sharon Ferguson was somehow involved too, and I went to her house to question her.  Apparently the first time she was busy or going out or something, because I came back a second time, hoping to see her mother, whom I hadn't seen in a long time.  Their neighborhood was pretty much the one where Nancy was born.