I was walking along a country road when a car stopped and the driver, an attractive young woman, offered me a ride.  I think I was on my way to the Lingerman's.  The road ran right along the edge of an embankment above me.  At first I said no thanks, that it wasn't that much farther, but then I realized I had no shoes and the rocks and sticks were hurting my feet, so I accept her offer.  However, since she drove a car with the driver's seat on the right, which was right at the edge of the embankment, I couldn't quite figure out how I could get in, unless I climbed over her, or she moved over and let me drive.  Whichever it was, I did get in, and rode with her.  She stopped at some kind of country store, rather than the Lingerman's, and she and her family lived above the store.  I was really attracted to her, and when she went to her room to get dressed to go out, I decided to change my clothes and go with her if I could.  I changed from jeans to a pair of tan slacks, and from dirty sneakers to a pair of brown dress shoes.  But it took so long to find them, or to put them on, that by the time I got them on I was afraid she would already have left, so I went to her room, pulled out my cell phone, and used a function that sounded like a doorbell.  She was there, and had not finished dressing.  Her door was like a dressing room door, and she pushed a deck of cards under it and told me to pick one.  I took the top card; it was a six, and she said that was too high.  I took another one, and it was a zero.  She said that was too low.  The third one I drew was a three, and that gained me admittance to her room, but she had already gone.   While I was looking for her, Lila came in the room and said that she had some problem that the girl's mother, apparently, was going to take her to a doctor for, "Dios le bendija."  I felt like I should offer to take her, but I wanted to find that girl first.  When I got downstairs, I found that she already had a date, and apparently was not really interested in me, just being nice to me by giving her a ride.