First scene: I'm at an SOCIETY FOR THE CREATIVE ANACHRONISM event somewhere outside, but with buildings, smallish, like park buildings; the ground is not level where I am - this may be a tournament, probably is, but I'm not where the event is currently happening. I'm actually returning from it, walking away from whatever the action is, back to fetch something from (my own cabin? or tent? or elsewhere?) or maybe not. There's an element of leaving but it not being public knowledge. I may be with someone else, another female. On the way I pass by a couple of gentlemen (we're all dressed up, these two are quite fine, the one who seems to be superior is dressed mainly in black, quite Renaissance with puffed sleeves, white shirt, puffed hat and pants). We don't say anything to each other beyond "Good day" or something. I'm going uphill. Second scene: A large resort/summer camp, lots of people here, lots of each, visitors and staff. Staff are like graduates or something, who've been here a lot, and act a lot like seniors in high school, sort of superior, swaggering, smart-aleck, but not too serious. I'm new, with a bunch of girlfriends, just checking in and getting oriented. We walk across to this building that might be a dining hall, with a screened porch/entry. (The sun is shining, quite bright, it's nice here, a beautiful summer day in the woods - there may be a lake in the distance. The place has rather large buildings for a camp, typical white-sided wooden.) Inside we run into Bruce Willis, who is on staff here - he's doing his familiar smartass number, trying to impress us, and he talks particularly to me, and asks me for a date. I'm not sure I heard him right, and he says, "Yeah, right, I mean it, you and me (something or other)". I'm surprised and pleased. Third scene: Perhaps an extension of the last one - I've left the camp in a car with a couple of other people, a man and a woman. We may be returning to the city on purpose, or maybe we're just out for a ride and decide to come this way, but withal we're aiming at downtown Dallas from the west, across the Trinity [the names were not used in the dream], and find our way blocked. At first we find the road we're on doesn't go through; then I suggest going on north a bit, where I know we can get through. But as we do that, we come to another dead end. At some point in this, it becomes a chase. Someone is after us, I don't know who. We have to stop at this old building that might have been a plant or any number of other things, it's brick, institutional-looking. I've gone to schools with aspects like this. The back of it is where we are, with no door at ground level, but there's one down below, where there's a (former) set of concrete stairs from ground level and a retaining wall. Except that the stairs have been covered up to keep people from coming down here. It looks as if they poured concrete or something to fill them up, and smoothed off the top. Then there's something black and tarry/greasy on top of that. But it looks like the only thing to be done, get down there and try to get in the door. The guy goes down first, sliding down like on a ramp. He has now turned into Bruce Willis. The other woman goes, and now it's my turn and I don't want to; I have my white dress on and that black stuff will ruin it. Oh, hell. But there's no help for it, so down I go. We get inside, it's a match for the outside, dark, dirty, old, unused. Fourth scene: (Continuation) I'm with Bruce in this place, [we don't seem to have any plans except to hide out] and a bunch of college students come in. I can't say what it is, but there's something not right about them, like sinister, and some of the time they refer to college in terms that better describes a church. In fact, one of them says "the church" instead of "college" once. Bruce is suspicious and wary, wound up in case something happens. I'm nervous and wanting to be held and comforted. I snuggle up against him [wherever it is that we're sitting together], wriggling as if to get behind him. He doesn't like it.