My former wife Bonita and I are in a room in her parents' house.  She asks me to look at two small dermatological lesions of some kind on her lower abdomen-I can't remember what she called them.  I look, but I don't see anything.  She pulls down the waist of her pants a little ways, and her pubic hair comes into view.  I still don't see the lesions she is talking about, but I am aroused by seeing her pubic hair, and I reach in her pants and begin to caress her.  She pulls her pants off, and I caress her more vigorously.  Soon she is doing most of the work by undulating her hips rapidly against my fingers.  Finally she comes in a powerful, thrashing orgasm.  I am impressed by how fast she can move her hips, and I tell her so.  I too am naked, with an erection, and she reaches out and touches me, and even though I would like very much to finish, I tell her I will have to wait, because I am very nervous about being in her parents' house, and the closed door will arouse suspicion.  I start getting dressed, but she opens the door when I only have on my underpants and t-shirt, and I am embarrassed when a man comes to the door.  It isn't her father, but some other male relative, maybe an uncle.  He asks me what we are studying.  I sit down on the floor trying to conceal the fact that I have no pants on, and desperately look around for a book.  All I find is a children's drawing book.  I don't know what to tell him.  Later I realize that time is badly out of sync, that I am my present age, but Bonita is the same age she was when we were dating.  I go to find her and tell her.  I find her in an office or a classroom, with another person.  I ask her to talk to her in private.  Before she comes out, the woman who was also in the room comes out and asks me how to direct a young man to the restroom.  When Bonita comes out, I intend to ask her what year it is, and tell her it is that year for her, while for me it is 2004, and she and I have been divorced for more than 30 years; that I have been remarried for most of that time, and she has been living in a common-law marriage with someone else all that time.  I wonder if she will understand or believe me, because I don't understand it myself, but before I can ask her, I wake up.