I was preparing to teach a class.   It was only a writing class, but it was at a section of a prestigious Development Bank, so I was more concerned about the preparations because I knew I would have sophisticated adults in the class with high expectations.  Trouble is, I had not even prepared the syllabus, and I didn't know what textbook I was going to use or what I was going to do to fill the time during the first class.  Moreover, I couldn't find appropriate clothes to wear.  None of the shirts were white, and none of them went well with any of the slacks on hand.  When I finally got an outfit together that I thought would work, and put it on, I found the legs of the pants came down only just slightly below the knees, they fit too tightly, and one leg was a different shade from the other.  The same problem arose with socks.  When I finally found a pair that I thought would be satisfactory (and this whole outfit had a kind of yellowish-green base), and I put them on, I found that they had such big holes in them that my feet would be uncomfortable in shoes.  It was 2:00 when I started trying to get everything together, and now it was 2:15, and the class started at 2:30-downtown.  I was in a faculty office where I used to work.  Several teachers were there, but the only one I remember is Patty Phillips.  To make things even more stressful, her sister (named Tess) was in the next room, and Patty wanted me to meet her. Before I left for the class, I tried to find Mary Kodd, who was now the director again, to confirm the schedule and find out the room.  I didn't find her, but I found some guy I knew from the Foreign Student Advisor's office on campus.  He was short, not very old, but with gray hair.  I didn't think he would know what I needed to know, but I asked him anyway.  Turned out he was now an assistant director,, and he had actually taught the course for several years.  He said the class started at 3:30, not 2:30.  That was a relief, but it only gave me time to get down there on time, not to prepare the class.  I got there somehow, still extremely anxious about what I was going to do in the first class.  Everything I could think of, I thought they would already know.  I decided to start with correction symbols, even though I was embarrassed about it for a first day topic, and I knew I had a handout with everything on it, but hadn't brought it with me.  I started with sp for spelling error.  Looking at their faces, I knew they expected more.