Back at the newsroom studios with man and woman who do the news, among others. They are in the midst of a broadcast reporting about the possibilities (and hazards) of an earthquake. They even cut to a reporter, who talks to some night club owner about what happened to him and his place during the last one. They cut to some video of his home/bar where a camera catches everything in motion. The quake is so violent, one can see the people inside, a grandmother, grandfather, and granddaughter being tossed about like ragdolls. I even see the horrible impacts. Their look reminds me of crash test dummies. During the commercial, there is the general repartee between us all when I notice we are all in some arctic place -- not our usual city. The studio/or the show is being done out of some ice capades auditorium and a segment coming up has to do with some singers (they are practicing). I notice one of them is my first husband! I mention this to the anchorwoman who asks when was I married. I said I was very young. She is surprised and mentions to the rest of the crew that my first husband is there. She is even more surprised when I say I've been married twice before and am about to get married again. We come back from commercial break and the anchorman says to camera audience, "Well, like Polly says, you could be looking at a bird in a tree but someone else might think you are considering eating the berries on it which are poisoned." He then throws it to the weatherman. The sports guy asides, "I'm glad you didn't toss it to me, I don't know how I would have responded to that." The weatherman just winks and makes a funny face. Switch to: my focusing on my ex (they are practicing a song when I notice the instructor is my old college audio teacher Ken). Anyway, the guys take a break and I walk up, dressed in a sort skirt suit and say hi. My ex is flabbergasted. We walk out of the auditorium and he says to me, "Doesn't this bother you at all?" And I smile and say, "I'm just continually amazed." Switch to back inside the auditorium, children are being let in for an indoor recess (too cold outside). I see my sister heads a table with many children saying something about how she's sorry she didn't get them in sooner to see the TV stars. Back outside my ex and his team are going to do some kayaking expedition.