I'm heading towards the ocean in a fancy sports car, a Porsche. I pay the parking attendant $700 cash to let me park anytime for a few days. (The $700 was given to me by my fiancŽ.) Actually, I want to throw the car off the cliff because it's a ticking bomb. When it goes over (to everyone's amazement) it becomes embedded in the soft side of the hill and doesn't explode. It's actually landed in a car park for tourists. Switch to: This is some part of a Mob hit for some Mafia gang (90's not 50's). Head back to the beach with my friend who was looking for a cool book (titled Grapes?). I try to decipher the title but I can't keep the book because it's tied to the Mafia. Switch to: Mob people want to give me a puppy. I go into a room, there's a bunch of Siberian Husky pups, but the one who's given to me has colors that are mottled. I ask what sex it is (it's a boy), I say, "Oh, I wanted a girl." I look nearby and its mother looks like it's been put through a meat grinder -- literally. I notice some of the pups (there is a table full) have extra ear flaps on top of their heads! The mother looks like it was attacked by wolves. It's badly hurt, a bloody mess. Switch to: Catching an elevator going to work. Looks like the BofA building. Notice someone caught using the phone in elevator -- must jump on cause I've pushed the button. This person resembles Maribeth O'Rourke, actually turns out to be some other news anchor going up to the "garden on the roof." We decide to make a special lunch there for the anchor and three other friends. I include myself and start dishing out salad makings. It turns out anchor is going to have surgery (she's crouching in the corner of the elevator, crying). I feel sorry for her and try to tell her not to have the surgery atop this place. Surgery turns out to be removing lump from her breast. I offer better doctors, she says she has no choice. Nurse comes out with tray full of papers and says this is the place she must have the surgery for some reason. Back to serving lunch. My friend and I dish out salad while Beatles' song plays in background (Eight Days a Week). I sing "Oooh, I need your love babe ..." to the end where I forget the last lines. My friend says she wants to get some of the egg in the salad -- it's special -- "It's a red egg from India." I don't see it at first then I notice I have a whole one in the salad (bright dark red) hard boiled. Yolk is deep rich red; looks appetizing, but I can't eat it.