I call this story/dream: "The Little Snake in the Grass." It seems two men have come to kidnap me because one of them has a sick fixation on me, the other (his name is Rudy) obeys what the other guy says. They both appear in a video about ... ?? It's a cross between a sex video and a children's video. I don't see anything graphic but there are some kinky allusions to (anal?) sex. Anyway, Guy #1 (I'll call him "Fixation Guy") won't leave me be. He has to have me. He'll go to any lengths. I feel he has a gun. My second ex-husband and son are kidnapped along with me. I try to reason with the guy and find a way to escape the house we're in (it's in my old neighborhood). So I get my second ex,and my son and get to the car waiting outside. But it's blocked by another car I parked there. I run to move this car while my ex and son get in the other car to escape. I'm yelling instructions all this time. We finally move but somehow end up being caught by Fixation Guy again, only this time, he's already killed his friend Rudy because he doesn't want anyone in his way. I feel bad, I know Rudy loved him and try to tell him that and he is momentarily upset. But he wants sex from me. Somehow I am in black leather, dominatrix-style, and begin pounding into his butt (he is down doggie-style) but there is no actual penetration, just impact. (Another guy walks in on this but is not surprised by what he sees.) I'm yelling and abusive towards him -- he likes this -- so he'll leave me alone. After this, we're all trying to get some sleep, somehow my soon-to-be stepfather is in the bed with us (trying to protect me) when Fixation Guy comes back. åy future stepfather tries to hold him off. I get angry and take away the handcuffs the guy has bought, run outside and throw them in the dark, muddy field that was the front yard. A strange woman has entered the scene and she temporarily distracts Fixation Guy, but I find him once again after me. When we go back in the house, the strange, dark (and very beautiful) woman is lying down explaining she didn't want to force the guy, since he's only a "little snake in the grass" and I immediately make up a little tune that tells of this whole adventure. It rhymes and makes perfect sense. I wish I could remember a few lines but I can't, except that it ended with "A little snake in the grass."