I'm standing in front of a pantry [?]...as opposed to the kind you walk into, I think I meant...small closet in the kitchen, in a small house. The cat food is supposed to be at the bottom, on the floor of this pantry, in a rubber container, kinda like the cat litter**. What's here, at the moment, is there's cat food scattered on the floor where it's been left, as a mess. But dry cat food is stacked, if you will - really - on the right side next to the wall, as though, you might imagine, there would be a dispenser or something - but the dispenser isn't there any more, and it's in the same position. And I'm scooping up the bits, just to neaten things up, and I also notice some yellow liquid on the floor. [?] And I check it out, I'm assuming that it's cat pee, and I'm assuming that Alleycat did it, and I'm taken aback. When I check it out, touch it, it turns out to be oily and it doesn't smell, and what it turns out to be is dripped oil from one of the bottles on a lower shelf, on the floor. Things are generally kind of messy here. Now, the reason this is unusual is that in the other room, Bettye is talking to a guy that has just cleaned this place. He's kind of on the dark and swarthy side, kind of stocky, burly. He has just taken over from the guy who was doing it before, and his price is in question. It was kind of like George's thing; he had a price, raised the price, somebody else came in and lowered the price. It was like $25 to $35, and $30; and now this guy wants $33, and Bettye is hesitant about it - she's not wanting to give him 33, and there's something in it about she doesn't actually have it - I mean, she does have it, but we're kind of stretching around here. And he's explaining to her, you know, how things are, and that he needed the extra $3, and he's sort of implying that it was more work here, or something. But then in fact what I'm seeing is that he's not doing as good a job. There's like, what I'm seeing in this pantry, and elsewhere. I'm in the pantry, overhearing this, feeling kinda guilty, because of the cat food and stuff, thinking that it's my fault and that I ought to be taking part, you know, kicking in for the money - or more, anyway - I'm not actually sure how we distribute it. Bettye is kind of the head of the household, and in some respects she's running this particular thing. I kind of think Bettye is a substitute, too. And where we are is something on the order of a college neighborhood and I have just previously been in @ a scene in a place that's something like a dorm, only it's not in a building, it's like a cabin, more-like arrangement, where you're on the ground floor anyway, and have a porch, and I'm outside on the porch trying to communicate with my mother through one of those wooden necklace-things that I got from the Library Store, the Philippine things. We discovered that we could talk to each other over them; and I may be looking at this place wanting to rent it - maybe even for both of us. (Not real sure about that.) But I go out on the porch, and I seem to be facing a big group of buildings, they're kind of like Fair Park, or a college - THE UNIVERSITY just crossed my mind, too - and the atmosphere is interfering, or something; I speak to her once, and we make connection, and then I'm talking and I realize that she's not answering back, and then I can't hear the same sound that I had, and I try to get her back, and it's not working. There's a guy here, present, and I don't know what his involvement is right now, but he's part of this. He's a young, nice-looking guy, tall, dressed casually. (I don't know what I'm doing with him, exactly.) ***There was also another communication problem earlier; I kept trying to call this other [Elsa's? offices?] extension, I think it was my mother, on the office phones - there's even a switchboard here of some description, and I keep getting a wrong number. I haven't looked it up to verify what it is, and I keep being absolutely sure I've got it, and I call, get the wrong number, hang up immediately, and the person on the other end of the line is very angry. Or somewhat angry, anyhow - and the last time, even starts to threaten that she's going to call somebody to investigate. She names a party - not the police, and not the telephone company, I don't think; but in any case I'm certainly alarmed about this - not that logically, she can actually trace a call that was like that, when all it is, is just a brief connection and then hanging up - so, I don't know what that's about.