I decide I'd like to try gambling and go to a table where Aunt Naomi is. I feel hesitant; we're not supposed to gamble. It's wrong, somehow, but I'm intrigued and curious, so Naomi gets me my numbers, all written out on a piece of paper. She bought it for me. Then I see Grandpa Lloyd coming to sit next to me. He's got double chins and he's wearing a turquoise and black striped turtle neck shirt under his suit jacket! I'm quite surprised. I call him Lloyd. Then Uncle Wilbur comes over also. They are gambling! Now it's time to start, but I can't find my paper with my numbers! I search everywhere, my purse, etc. and can't find it, then I realize Naomi took it. She paid for it after all, and she's gambling with it. Then there's this guy with a gun. He's a demented killer and I'm afraid of him, but somehow drawn to him as well. I end up protecting him when the motorcycle police come up and point their cannons at me. A sergeant says to another one, "What's the matter with you? Your light on the gun isn't on." I'm amazed that the killer jokes the police. It works, though. They don't get suspicious and leave. He then is waiting for his train and starts digging in his suitcase for something. "You'll miss your train," I say, feeling afraid he will and then I'll still be in danger, and afraid he'll go because I'll miss him. He wants my address. He hands me a paper to write on and he says, "Fourteen women have known I kill and yet they've felt sorry for me, or liked me and have protected me." I write my correct address down, even though in my mind I'm thinking, "You fool, now he can come back and hurt you." I see the train coming; it's lit up and goes like the Ferris wheel (round and round). He leaves. I feel relieved and sad. I see Cher and Sandy, who I thought had left Paris. They are surprised to see me. I tell them I've decided to stay for awhile but don't have a place to stay. Do they have a couch or a sleeping bag? They say, "Sure, no problem." I go to their place, which is like the inside of a train car, long narrow benches, etc., and sit, waiting, for them to come in. A woman is sleeping on the bed.