I was driving an old car. I was with Juli and we wanted coffee. We pulled into a parking lot. But I went in through the exit and the parking attendant was really mad at me and started yelling at me. It was one-hour parking. I felt stressed and pressed for time. So I left (Juli disappeared). I went speeding to the airport desperately searching for someone although I don't know who. But it was urgent that I find that person. I'm in the airport and I'm going the opposite way as everyone else. There are hoards of people coming at me. They were in my way and slowing me down. I kept going downwards. I was running down the escalator which was going up. This also slowed me down. Then I had this overwhelming urge to go to the bathroom. I found one but three people were watching me go. The plane was taking off. It was on tracks like a roller coaster. I ran up the tracks and pounded on the door until the flight attendant let me in. I didn't have a ticket but I told her I was looking for someone. She asked me who it was and I started telling her names, family members mostly. However, none of these people were on the flight. But we'd already taken off. Suddenly, the plane started to nose-dive in a spiraling motion. I knew we weren't going to crash and then the plane gained altitude again. No one was really panicked about it. Like it was a normal occurrence. Then I looked out the window and saw a guy in a car (which was just kind of floating on the air next to us). It looked like some sort of space mobile. He was dropping two ladies off so they could catch the flight but they both just ended up being splatted against the windows. This didn't seem at all odd to me. We landed and I was with Lou. I was walking in front of him and I could feel him watching me and starting at my tattoos on my back. We landed somewhere unfamiliar; I had the sense it was another planet in outer space. But I knew that's where my destination was. We were smoking cigarettes but we didn't have to hold them. They just floated in the air in front of our mouths. We went to this area where it seemed as though a glass panel separated us from the creatures of this planet. They were animated cartoon figures like entities. They were putting on a show, like a musical, for us. One of them was a big blue angelfish. I was fascinated and really pleased that I'd finally arrived.