I'm talking to Wayne, we're at work but it looks neither like the real office or the real library. The whole place is open and people bustle around - though it's not crowded - I'm reminded of a newspaper. Anyway, I've caught him for a moment and explain how I'd like to combine the parking lists into one file (it seems he does something with parking himself and that contributes to it being awkward) so it can be a lot more efficient and easier to use. He's dubious about this, but says, yes, well, okay, I guess, we can do that...other kids, one girl, one boy. The girl was sitting at the desk before, (we're close to the left-hand wall) but got up a while ago, and I'm working with some stuff off to the left of it. It's awkward, and I move it up to the center of the desk and sit up at it. She's coming back, and I ask her if she needs to be here, but she says no, and I ask some question about what I'm doing and she helps me out. [She is or reminds me of somebody but I can't place her - I keep thinking of Gail , but it's more than that - probably a combination of people but there's something nagging at me about it. A particular name that should be there.] There's a computer here, she's been using it, and I think I'll poke at it a bit, but I can't get the hang of what she'd been doing. She shows me, it's something like, hit "a", then "b", then "a", "b" again, etc., then maybe "c", but I don't get it right. I'm frustrated. [ - the way I was over the dBase the other day, when I was wanting to do something with the parking lists.]I'm in a car, with a couple of other girls, on our way to a "fair" - seems like a State Fair, and we're going to be on "team" rather than just going to it. As we pull into the parking area for participants, we meet some others and get out of the car. Shortly a group of other vehicles shows up and blocks us in on all sides - the car, I mean - and when I want to get something out of it I can't get to it without climbing through a truck - I look all around and get thwarted each way, then climb through. Shortly after, I'm with several others in a place a bit beyond the cars, where we're hanging out and sitting around on various things. I'm on something suspended like a swing from some structure - it's not really supposed to be a swing but it moves like one and I'm just perched on it and getting it to move back and forth, it's fun - I keep going higher, possibly not a good idea - liable to knock into something. But I keep doing it, using body English to get it moving the way I want, and now I jog a little bit and start swinging in a wide arc to the left. I certainly didn't mean to be going this far, but I don't seem to be able to stop. I'm not going all that fast - as a matter of fact it's almost like slow motion - but I'm rather high up and there's nothing to grab onto or jump off onto. As I swing backward, I have to be careful not to slam into some screens that are on the back of where we are - there's a fence, but the screens form some sort of structure that would be quite awkward to explain if they got busted up. I can reach out and slow myself down and keep out from them, but I keep on going and bump into some other stuff all the way behind, and I come to the apex of the swing and go back the opposite direction. Coming back to the front, I go past where I started and swing over to the right, where I bump into a piece of furniture, it's like a sideboard/hutch or something, old, weathered, and I don't knock it down, but stuff on it, and maybe something next to it. Glenda is standing at it, she's doing some chore there or other, and she doesn't get excited or even react, but I know she doesn't approve. I just look at her sheepishly. Otherwhere [this may have been on the way to the fair, maybe not], I'm in a car, the place is in a town, an old place, very close in, very ethnic, a lot of adobe or some such substance. We get stopped by a cop* on some technical thing, and he lets us off with a warning after we explain it was something we didn't know or couldn't help. I can see across the intersection the tail end of a small parade, going down a sort of alley - walls on each side. What I see is some people dressed like Middle Eastern types, robes, turbans, sandals, and a donkey or two, with leaves or something hanging off of them. Later on, I'm in the car, next to the passenger door, somebody in between, my father's driving, and there's a couple of others in the back seat. We get stopped again by the same cop, he's tall, male, and black, a nice guy, sort of a park ranger type. (Probably not the same thing we got stopped for before, but also a technicality.) However, he's got to be someplace else, and he turns us over to another cop, who is a white, blonde woman with curly hair.