We are on a space mission, as in 2O01. We're being brought to the earliest intermediate station, the moon, and there one of the women takes me and shows me around. It is a dark place. It is probably night. We've arrived somewhere and we are in our space clothes, which are not the ones you usually see on a moonwalk. They are like overalls. They may be orange, but I'm not quite sure. It's a night landscape. Pebbles on the ground. And I say, "Oh, my God, I didn't pack my video camera." And a woman I am walking with, one of the astronauts, says: "Oh, don't worry. See all those packages?" There are a lot of packages standing there. "They must have packed it somewhere." She says, "Look, those are the only speakers! My God, they are so expensive." "They are," I say. "They must take a lot of abuse in outer space." We come to a place that is like an ongoing patio in this intermediate station on the moon. She says, as if she suddenly remembered something, "Oh, come, I'll show you the place where it all started." She takes me by the hand and runs me over to a cave. We come in the cave and I somehow know what's going to happen. Somehow I know it. The transformation happens immediately. We are waltzing. And we're clearly in the nineteenth century. We've traveled back in time but I don't realize it at the moment. Although on the other hand I do know. She has late-nineteenth-century clothes and I wear tails. The room is large. Everybody around is waltzing. I say in broken German, "Madam, I want to marry you." She answers in the same broken German with an English accent: "Yes, I also want to marry you." I know there is something strange. Then it is as if she is an actress; yet I know that we are in the nineteenth century. And suddenly everything changes. People at gas stations with dirty T -shirts and 1 remember the word Euro-pants: floppy pants with suspenders. We're back in some kind of town in the twentieth century, somewhere in the American Midwest or Texas. It is a tremendous shock, though I know that it is happening. But still the transformation is a tremendous shock. (As I'm writing this down 1 have goose bumps all over. And I know that this is very important.) This is a mission that is going on having to do with working on dreams. The mission is something like in the movie 2001: A Space Odyssey. I have to keep track of this!