[my last year of high school] I was walking outside in a neighborhood, nothing I recognized.  It started to get grey outside, it was going to rain.  The clouds were huge, puffy, and they were moving fast.  A grey cloud descended toward me.  It went over my head, and when it got about 3 feet from the ground, behind me, a lighting bolt struck out of it, down to the ground with a loud crash.  It occurred to me that I was in a dangerous spot, that I could be struck, too, so I began to run back to my house.  Then another cloud descended.  These were agile clouds and moved quickly.  It also went over my head behind me, but this one skidded to the ground, and the minute it touched the cement of the street, the earth crumbled.  A tremor earthquake split near me and I ran, or climbed, it seemed, for the earth seemed to be rolling, falling, and I had to keep on top. It was suddenly just a huge ball.  I scrambled toward my home because in front of me was a large crack splitting open the earth.  I thought: I'm going to be separated from everyone.  The earth kept falling apart until all I lay on was a red, orange substance or ball.  I could see ahead across the black space (I was in the universe, or space, without an atmosphere.)  I saw a fragile white globe with a hole in one side, the hole was about 50 feet across.  This sphere was large, as large as our moon, and I could see it from a distance so that I could see all of it, how large it was.  It was hollow inside where the hole was.  The hole was not ragged, it had a beveled or smoothed edge.  Somehow I knew that white ball was my destination, that I should go to it, climb in the hole.  But I was debating it.  I don't know if there were other people with me, or who I was discussing it with, but I was telling them, yes, we/I should go there.  I did.  It was easy enough to get there. I think I just crossed over or stepped on to it.  But there is something more about the red 'lava' ball I had just left, that I am forgetting now, something I peered into, got swallowed.  So I crossed to the white globe.  I clung to the edge of the hole and looked inside.  A bright light filled the entire globe, but it was coming directly from the other end of the globe, opposite the hole.  This huge bright light did not have implications of life after life.  It seemed rather more like a sun, a life, a place to go to live.  It was just a light inside a globe.  I knew I must go there, but I hesitated.  It was very windy.  I can feel my hands clinging to the edge of that fragile globe, as I climbed over and dropped.  I let myself go and dropped fast all the way through the middle of the white toward that light.  This part I don't remember as well.  All I remember is a grey, milky substance that I could see in slow motion, bursting, forming into drops or streams.  It was as if I had come out through the other side of the globe and was either shooting out in front of, behind, or within this milky liquid.  I was heading directly toward something.   I was being pulled, gravity.  I thought - where is the gravity coming from?  My memory now skips something, and I found myself in a large house with red-brown furnishing.  I knew something then, like, 'this is my entrance into it, my way in, through this, my house.'  The house was for me and I knew it.  I had started exploring it, walking in and out of rooms, up and down levels, steps through doorways, looking around my new house.  It was furnished, and not exactly to my taste, but it was nice.  I suddenly thought - here, I can have anything that pleases me - so I set out to get a dog.  I was not in my house now, but I came to a door (in a line of doors, in a wall outside), opened it, looked through, and on the ground, lined up were 20 or 30 black labs sleeping on their sides, in a line going across the doorway.  A man came to help me choose.  I told him I wanted a weimaraner and lab mix.  We looked through them, turning them over and looking at the labels, until we found one marked 'lab/weim.'  They were no longer alive, but statues of dogs.  I can't remember ever taking one home, or going back to the house, for that matter.  I walked around my new area, but it wasn't a neighborhood, there were no homes that I saw, just areas divided by steps, fences, passages, outdoors.  There were some large open spaces.  I then found out that in this place you could have anything you wanted, that you didn't even have to ask, but just 'think' that you want it, and it was there.  There was so much creativity and freedom to be curious and invent/materialze things.  You could move things with your mind.  It seemed that I could do this more or better than everyone. That I had the largest house.  Everyone was most partial to me and I discovered that I was the leader, or head ruler, here.  I just 'knew' it all of a sudden, because of something I had done, maybe entering through a more physical way than the others.  The next events were all showing how I could use my mind to do things, that anything I wished for appeared.  I spent several years there full of events I can't recall now, but one day, (this is somewhat hazy) across a large breezy field, was a small house.  I saw myself first from the other side of the field, then close up, and then my mother and father were there, talking solemnly to me, explaining something.  I remember thinking to them - but I don't want to die! I like it here - but what I was thinking to myself was - I don't want to leave here and go live with you.  But they calmly explained something.  I think I submitted to it then. 