I am at a dating service / match-up in an upscale neighborhood near Dallas.  Very nice house, uppity, well furnished, deep browns.  Filling out the form / questionnaire.  Two or three young women, impeccably groomed, go over it with me.  They are nice.  I have been called back to change the form, later.  I have too many requirements for the man I want. Michelle [of fire crew] is in the house, she's filling one out.  I vaguely recall she was the one who marked some of the requirements for my match man, things I didn't really want or need in  a man.  Like - "good-looking" and "has money".  We had been in a hurry or something so she did these for me, although she wasn't there the first time I filled it out.  So I'm redoing things on the form, the women come over to help sometimes.  Meanwhile they are throwing a party, matchmaking party for a group of the women and men who are clients.  It is in a nearby room with door closed or cracked.  One man (reminds me of a firefighter on another crew) comes out of the party, I hear party sounds, and comes over to me.  I feel rather underdressed, not re: style, but bare-legged, but I like his attention.  I look down and see I have wild tights on, shorts?  Colorful patterns.  It is understood that he is part of, or was put in, the group of available people in the party room, and that he is not to be part of the group I will be matched with.  He is smiling and likes me.  Oh, before this, I could see my reflection as I refilled out the form, in a nice wall hanging.  Once, the table I was sitting on moved and I scooted it back so I could see myself again in the mirror or wall hanging or picture.  I sat on the big table most of the time, then moved to sit at one end.  Anyway, something about liking how I look when he comes over.  We are talking when one of the business women comes over and admonishes him for coming out, because I am not part of the group of women they would have picked for him.  I am amused at all this, not sad or feeling loss.  Michelle is in that party room, I hear music and laughter.  I wonder slightly why she already has a party set up when I filled out forms before her but it doesn't bother me.  I am just amused this guy left his group, came out and saw me and took interest.