I am in a place that is remote, desert or seaside and not wealthy, like Rocky Point, Mexico.  But it is not Mexico.  I am hired as a housekeeper/nanny by a particular household that is quite wealthy.  On the way there, we hire another woman for the same job, so there'll be two of us.  She is beautiful, tall, blond, capable, sure, grounded.  I know I will enjoy being with her.  The house is huge and very nicely furnished.  There are so many floors and rooms I keep discovering more.  But right away the other woman housekeeper and I find out there is something strange and unfair about the family.  We never see the mom or dad but the son is about ten and very spoiled.  We also see the house manager or cook or someone, an older? woman.  The blond girl decides to start laundry, and she is going through the house finding things that need doing, while I am unsure because I've never had this job before.  She is in the kitchen by a wood block, talking to the son.  Manager woman is there?  I find out she's agreed to keep a secret for the son, about two fish he had as pets.  He has taken them out of the water and rolled them in a newspaper sheet and put them in a kitchen cupboard, a higher one, above an oven or something.  Blond girl says she won't say anything.  But then there is a blowup where manager comes in demanding answers to the fish mystery, son is silent;  absent mom, we find out, is mad.  I am quiet too.  Blonde girl is doing laundry when manager comes in, talks to her, fires her.  Blond girl is upset, her boyfriend comes to get her.  I can even see them as they drive down the road in that poor place, although I haven't left the house.  So I get to work.  I start stripping the beds, I discover another laundry room in the house, I'm working quickly, trying to do a good job.  Right before she got fired, after the blowup about the fish, I had either written a note or told someone I would show them where the fish was and solve it.  Now, while working, I realize I had better stay out of it.  Manager comes in and, seeming sorry about firing her, asks - so how good a housekeeper was she (the blonde girl)?  I say "I don't know!  I've never done this job before and have nothing to compare her with!"  I go running while the laundry is in.  I'm running through streets, deserty, toward a beach or strip, it's poor around me.