[Slept outside] I am pregnant, I figure out the due date by counting exactly nine months.  It is soon.  I see and feel my big round stomach.  I tell two friends when the due date is and on that day we wait for labor to begin.  It doesn't start.  I am disappointed and keep counting, recounting back nine months, going, yes this is the day, then realizing it could be within any two weeks or so from now.  Later I know it's been born but realize it is a colt.  Same two friends and I go see the colt.  I am very protective of it, wanting to feed it.  It seems violent or the object of violence by other horses.  This is a dream where when I woke up I was repeating a sentence or phrase (again) which had nothing to do with the dream.  Can't remember that phrase now.  At one point I and the fire crew are in a house under construction.  We are waiting to work there?  Some stuff goes on.  Then I see a little smoke, like from a cigarette.  I look for it but can't find it and also feel so drowsy and hazy that I begin slapping my face and hitting my head to try to wake up.  I say to myself how blurry everything is.  Then I see smoke again and pinpoint it around a corner in this house.  But I'm still too blurry-eyed to get it exactly.  I feel sleepy and foggy.  Slapping my face.  Doesn't work.  At this point is when I think I opened my eyes a bit on the couch and actually did see a hallucination of smoke in my living room.  Then I experienced a false awakening.  I dreamed that I woke up and went to the next room and found Kevin, another firefighter on the crew.  I tell him laughing that I just saw smoke and that I tried to wake myself up by slapping myself but it didn't work so I must have been dreaming.  I go up some stairs and must have been thinking about how strange what just happened was, when I got the idea that I had traveled astrally.  I think maybe something else happened in between that was astral travel, because I was convinced and excited that I must have just left my body.  I either went up those stairs excited about it or I sent my astral body up the stairs.  I turned and saw Brion and said "Brion - such and such just happened so I was traveling in my astral body!  I went out of body!"  Then seeing him and still being blurry-eyed like before I said:  "Come up here and just stand there a minute.  I think I can see your aura."  He came and stood.  I took a good look all over him.  ( A rushing sound?)  Close up, certain parts.  I remembered reading you should half-close your eyes to see auras, so I did.  The feeling was intense as I did this.  He had a white glowing halo all around his body.  It didn't have great shape though and I kept feeling it was just because my eyesight was so bad and I couldn't focus, so maybe it wasn't his aura.  I don't know.  I looked at a few other things and the people I think all had that white hazy glow around them.  Then Kevin saw some cigarette papers and wanted a cigarette.  I didn't want him to because I remembered seeing that smoke in the house.  I told him - "well we're not supposed to smoke inside, and your tobacco is not here, it's out (in the car?), and also I had that dream, remember, and maybe it's a precognitive dream?  What if it comes true?"  I was pretty convinced it was precognitive.  That's why I really didn't want him to smoke.  But I couldn't tell him no.  Next I went to the jeep and drove somewhere, like a shopping area.  I found Mom and Dad and they had just bought my middle sister a new Toyota pickup truck - red.  Dad especially was surprised to see me.  Said something like - "well look who's here.  What are you doing here?"  Don't remember much else.