Rob and I are at a dinner party or get together at one of his friends'.  We are happy together.  He is introducing me to his friends.  I start to help hostess make salad.  Salad spinner.  Even though Rob goes to talk to friends now and then, he always comes back to see how I am, to see me.  In the kitchen we hug and he starts kissing  my neck, slowly and teasing, up my neck.  He is turning me on and we are both so happy.  I have to push him away because my legs have started to climb up his legs of their own volition - he is turning me on.  We are laughing and I pull him close and whisper fiercely - I am going to kill you! (for turning me on at this party).  The hostess asks me to watch one of the children.  I sit down with him - he's pretty young.  There are other children, adults mingling.  The child I'm watching takes a blue water bottle and presses it on the head of one of his toy men in a little car.  I tell him "No" and take the water bottle off, "don't hurt your toy, No."  I check to make sure the toy man is okay because this toy is alive, he's a little man, and though he is squished, he pops up with a dazed look.  Back to kid I'm watching.  He understands the admonishment and turns straight at me and says "rhyme?" and then starts reciting poetry he's making up right then.  His arms are gesturing passionately, he is totally uninhibited and talented, spouting off beautiful phrases like "sky of blue. wings of swans! . . ."  There's more, longer lines.  At 'wings' his arms curve over his head.  Incredible kid.  I am blown away.  At the end of the poem Rob has come over.  I say "what's this kid's name?"  It's something like Albert.  I tell Rob he is an incredible and expressive poet.  Rob and I then have some playful interlude, some joking or horsing around.  It is much fun.  While there are moments in this dream that I am taken by little worries - e.g. why doesn't she want me to make the salad?  Is Rob embarrassed that I got so turned on?  The difference in this dream is that I am able to very quickly say - who cares? or - not worth worrying about, and go on to the next playful move or task.  There is an air of playfulness and joking, caring with Rob.