I am driving in the jeep with Robert P (a former boyfriend), toward a National Park.  It's a generic N.P. because I don't recognize it.  We're going uphill.  We start to roll backwards, downhill.  The brakes are not working well.  I try the emergency brake.  It also does not work.  We are rolling fairly slowly backwards, downhill.  I am scared but Robert P seems unconcerned, almost mocking me.  I finally have to ask him what to do.  He is not helping at all.  He says something about jumping out at a certain point.  I look out the window and rear-view mirror, notice I have my white filmy dress on.  I decide to roll the jeep into a ditch.  I do, it stops.  I get out and walk up the hill.  After that, Robert P's not in the dream.  I come to the N.P., feeling comfortable and sure like I always do in N.P.'s, that familiarity.  I talk to a ranger inside about the car trouble, ask him for phone.  Nice visitor center.  I go to the phone, there's a line of people waiting to use the phone.  A woman cuts in, and everyone else crabs at her about how long they've been waiting.  She leaves, suddenly it's my turn.  As soon as I step up to pick up the receiver to call Dad about the car, Dad walks up to me right there!!!!  I find this amazing!  Dad and I talk about the jeep, he figures out what's wrong without even looking at it.  He's a little disgusted in his way about car trouble - a nuisance.  Then there's a N.P./Ranger series of events. Something about Dad wanting this wood and wire net structure they were going to throw out.  A ranger is frowning at him when he picks it up (it's pretty big).  Discouraging him.  Ranger suggests he can do it (whatever he needs to do -  like carrying a bunch of these items out) another way.  Ranger helps him set it up.  Mom is there now, in background.  I help too but the technology is all new to me.  I feel incapable but learning.  The Ranger gets a larger tarp-like thing and says Dad can use this.  It is a thing that, when wetted, will keep things warm.  Ranger gets hose and Dad and he are hosing this circular part of it to activate it.  It is a rubber-like material.  I get on hands and knees to help, and feel the water coming toward me, washing over my hands and nearby items.  I really felt like I was witnessing some new, incredible breakthrough technology, something we don't have here on earth yet.