I was in a dance/singing group in high school.  We had all auditioned for it, but it seemed like I didn't know what to do in it anymore.  I felt out of place and almost sick when we had this engagement.  I couldn't clear my head.  I asked people what we were supposed to be doing and they kind of lost their patience and said - look if you couldn't handle it, why did you try out?  We were at a big building with a long bathroom or green room / backstage, long mirror.  I kept going to the mirror to look in my face, feeling like I had a fever and was disoriented.  Then the group got on a little 'train', like the mini mine train at Six Flags.  We were traveling, at one point at a very high speed.  I realized I couldn't remember if I had my shoes, reached down for them under my seat.  My face and hand were very close to the asphalt streaming so fast by the open car of the 'train'.  I thought how close death could be, if I was just on that side of the slat instead of here in the seat, if I tumbled out onto the asphalt, and I reached my hand toward it.  The asphalt, when I straightened back up, was a path only wide enough for our train.  I could see ahead where we were headed.  Maybe a tunnel?  I thought - this is incredibly dangerous.  When we took curves, the whole train would tip and our feet hanging slightly out would scrape or get too close to the pavement.  I thought 'this is stupid and too dangerous to be doing.  I should be out of this group.'  Next scene I am in my bedroom.  It is dark, the old telephone table (Mom/Dad's) is there by the bed.  [I used to have that in my bedroom in high school.]  I see myself on the bed, laying like I am during the sleep I'm actually in.  The darkness is intentional because I am depressed or disoriented about not fitting in the singing group anymore, and also feeling feverish.  My middle sister comes in.  She has news or is peppier than I am.  We talk.  We decide to go somewhere.  We get in her car:  She drives, I lay down in the hatchback area.  Although I am acting so despondent, I really don't feel that bad.  I know my middle sister is there, and I know I have a good life.  I think I am just sick.  When my middle sister came in I told her I'm sick, and that I'd thought about going to the hospital or doctor but was too disoriented to do it.  So maybe we are driving to a doctor. ..While driving, I see we are near the beach, like Monterey or Highway1.  Either they are doing some 'work' with the ocean, or there are natural causes, but the waves/tides are coming in over the road.  They have either brought in grass, or caused grass to grow over the highway, and the grass is thick, sopping, straight and about two feet tall.  It sloshes under the waves when they come in.  The grass hides the highway. ..I see a bunch of seawater come like a wall over a cliff toward the highway, not dropping away from it, and a few people out there, struggling through all the water.  It is not like waves, more like an overflowing swimming pool or lake, big portions of water being sloshed up over the highway.  The thick sea grass is covering the highway. ..My middle sister will come to a portion of the highway where this is happening and drive through it.  She has a lot of confidence in getting through the road and it doesn't seem to scare her.  I am getting anxious and crying out to her to wait one out or stop to see if it's too deep, but she keeps going.  I see cars from the other direction getting bogged at one area, look back to our highway and just then the car starts to slide.  It turns to the right but keeps moving straight, she can't control it anymore.  We are turning around and around, sliding off the road, I feel us go over grass and dirt.  I lay down close to the floor and think to myself - "We will both live through this."  Although it was scary, I started breathing myself into a relaxed state until I am totally relaxed.  I accept each turning of the car, fully confident that my sister and I will not be harmed, because I will it that way, and I have things to do yet in my life.  I am relaxed.  I feel us go downhill, then the car stops. ..I pull myself up and look over the back seat and ask her if she's all right.  She says yes.  We get out and the car is completely unharmed.  We are speechless and dazzled to have just gone through that, willed it to be the way we want, and nothing is harmed!  We look around.  We are far off the road (can't see it, just 'know') and there is a very steep embankment, like the powerline hill at Blue Ridge.  There are even poles or power lines on it I think.  My sister tells me we just came down that.  I can't believe her because it's so steep I know we would have crashed the car somehow.  But she says yes. ..There is someone down there, who watched us.  He is male, he seems either hesitant or distant, unwilling to come see if we are all right, content to let us approach him.  Seems like a hillbilly?