I can't even explain this dream it's so bizarre.  I and a boy named Michael were under a girl's power.  She had us hooked in some obligation to go down to this basement every day, in an old church or old school.  The basement was big stones, darkish, hidden.  She made us, once a day, do this thing.  It was supposed to be very threatening but doesn't seem so now.  We had to pull at a string in the ceiling and sparkling stuff would come out of a tear in the ceiling.  We dreaded this every day.  But we still went down there and did it.  It was very threatening.  Then the girl with the power would tell us how she was taking care of me and Michael in these events.  She would give the most absurd examples of things she was doing for us to make us more comfortable, while knowing we were incredibly anguished.  One day after this went on for a while, I went into the woods to find someone who would know what the hell was going on.  It was like we were brainwashed or blackmailed and couldn't get out.   I found this man in the woods who had amazing inventions.  He led me over to this "Bible", which looked like a clamp or a vise, on a shop table.  It was compressed and you looked into it as if it were a microfiche.  He flipped through it, knowing each page well, and found the page he wanted.  I read along with him - 2 full pages of Bible that explained exactly what this girl was doing.  The last lines of the page are:  "fusing the wounds together.  wound wound wound wound, oh.  Abominable."  Something about wounds fusing together.   So I went back to the basement now knowing what she was doing to us.  And Michael was there and the confidence I had about finding her out went away as I was in there with her.  I also discovered I was pregnant and due now.  I squatted, feeling a pressure to give birth.  Michael seemed unresponsive, passive, but it was something like the "wounds fusing" meant he and I 'fusing', conceiving.  I don't know !!   A long string of matter began to come out of me.  At this point I could see it as they (Michael and the girl) saw it and as I saw it.  Through their eyes, it was red, bloody, definitely pregnancy-type material.  With my eyes, though, it seemed grey and rather dry, just some digested organic substance.   Then I realized I was not in labor yet, but soon. The girl was trying to show stuff to Michael.    Notes 10/91  -  Main thing about this dream was the control and power this girl had to make us keep doing these things.  Interpretation:  Rob is this girl.  He has this power over me.  And Michael and me are both sides of me.  (That's the "fusing".)  Point is that I have a choice.  I can be passive, going on as always, like Michael, never trying to find out anything or do anything for myself.  Or I can be like me in the dream - trying to help or improve myself.   Note 6/97  -  Interesting that at this time I had dreams about being in someone's power, brainwashed, not understanding that I was under control while I was in there, until I got out and asked for help.  Sounds like my time with Lynn in 95-96, before therapy.  But this dream was years before Lynn. 