I am in Wisconsin [that's where Rob lives, but I've never lived there, only visited], with Mom, Dad, Grandma, in a Wisconsin house.  In other words, a stifling and 'polite' atmosphere.  Now I am participating in a basketball tournament with Rob's teams.  The purpose, I know, is to better understand Rob - his motives and need to be part of coaching these teams.  The people on the team seem high school age.  They are outgoing and good in team dynamics.  I realize that I have very little experience with teams, group activity.  I know I have a lot to learn from them.  But I am like an observer here - a participatory observer.  My purpose is to get inside Rob's team, to understand him better, and also why being part of a team is an excellent / beneficial experience.  I realize this is a part of Rob I have never really tried to understand.  I accept that part of him, but have never looked at the value of it, and how it can better help me understand and be close to him.  The team is large - 20 to 25 people.  There is no real shooting of hoops or even a ball.  It's more like a 'show' of basketball team, synchronous movements, passing (socks?) to each other.  But they are really good at it.  They have rehearsed and trained well.  At the beginning, I see the team we are 'competing' against; they look unhappy, because they can see how good Rob's team is, how much support they have (there is a large audience of family and spectators).  So we do our show.  I participate, keeping up with the tricky movements and watching the team work together.  At one point, I am standing within the group, excited about taking part in this team, experiencing a team.  I think of Ann C's (Tucson tall girl) thoughts about wanting to be part of society.  I am getting a clear message about learning this, and that this learning is to help me understand Rob.  Also I get the message that I need to find out more about Rob, that this dream is an impetus to get me to communicate with him more.  Rob is not visible, but I know it is his team.  After our presentation, I am ecstatic.  We did so well, a great success, the crowd was impressed how well we worked together.  I move along our group, standing on the court, raise my arm and give a shout - "Whoa!  Yeah!"  I expected the team to follow with their excitement but they are fairly passive.  Later I am back at the house with my family.  3 or 4 members of the team had come to the house previously, to get me for the presentation/game.  I remember feeling slightly odd about them and parents/grandma.  Like they have such a different lifestyle - young, carefree, and they are humorously sarcastic.  But I really didn't care - I didn't feel responsible for this dichotomy in front of family members.  Rather, just let them be themselves.  So back at the house, some team members come by again.  They come in and ask if I want to come with them to celebrate the game's success.  They are fooling around and joking.  I want to go.  One girl, blond, is asking if we still have that same crummy toilet paper in the bathroom.  I want to investigate this bathroom.  I go down the hall, into the bathroom.  Here my vision is extremely clear.  I see the golden wood paneling, carpet (light blue?), the bathroom walls.  I look at it carefully.  It is a very midwestern 'Wisconsin' (older) type house.  Don't know how I know that.