I'm in Wisconsin.  I take a walk.  It's snowy, silent.  I go for a long walk.  Across a field, over a small ridge or embankment.  Snow everywhere.  I see my footprints in it.  I see a barn or house across a snowy field and go there.  There are horses in stalls.  Big huge horses.  They are willful and strong.  Stomping.  I watch them and somehow get caught between a wall and a horse coming in, just as the man I have come to visit comes in.  I am not too worried.  I just get out of the trap between horse and wall.  I talk with the man I came to see.  He is tall, strong, independent, authoritative, but playful too.  Reminds me of Larry W.  I decide to go back to my place or house.  Instead of experiencing the long walk back, I am immediately transported there.  I wondered about this.  Also I wondered about the ground I'd covered on the walk over - Did I go over the bogs?  Were they frozen?  Why didn't I break through into the bogs?  How deep was that snow?  I remember that walk as almost Russian - like - I was alone out in a snowy, flat wilderness, some trees far off, a wind, but all else silent except my footsteps.  Now I'm home.  The man comes in.  I have just come out of the shower.  I am in a towel and aware of my skin showing, glad it's smooth, the skin showing as I raise my arm, feeling sensual.  I am trying to adjust the towel and it won't clasp in the back.  A little later, the man is working at the floor.  The house I'm in is large, older, wood floors, interesting.  He is like a professor, or authoritarian.  I like him.  Mom is there, a few others.  I recognize the lowboy (furniture) from our (childhood) house, although it looks stripped and different, bigger.  The man is demonstrating something or questioning a problem.  A small drop of water appears by him and rolls to the right, under the lowboy.  It is dark blue and rolls like a drop of mercury.  We pick up an edge of the lowboy and look under it, wondering if the floor was slanted.  Then another drop starts from where the man is and rolls exactly opposite, to the left.  We all wonder at this.  Is the floor crooked?  Both ways?  We talk about measuring it.  Mom comes in with a right-angle measure.  I ask her for a level.  She remarks at that like it's a ridiculous idea, slightly chiding me.  We look to the man for explanation about the floor.  I look carefully at the floor, it seems slanted both ways.  This house seemed empty, like we didn't live there.  It was snowy all around outside.  Like that house in Dr. Zhivago, the cold and outside environment had all come in.  Feeling of open-mindedness, curiosity, questioning, learning, with this man.  Desiring something, like being part of his questioning and learning, discovering things, playfulness.  The atmosphere of the walk - snow/Wisconsin/northern was striking, unmistakable.