I am pregnant in this dream.  I'm proud of this and can't wait to experience childbirth.  I'm excited and scared by it.  I get glimpses of the meaningfulness of life coming through me, of perpetuating the physical existence of beings on earth.  I am with my parents.  I am scared about the delivery - it's going to be soon.  Mom and Dad do not really help me emotionally with it.  I start my period and I think it is a sign that labor will start soon.  Part of the discharge is three objects, strange rectangular blocks with markings.  They seem to be made of lucite or hard rubber and are slightly translucent.  [Reminds me of the exhibit at Flandrau I played with yesterday.]  I look at the markings close up and one seems to be a little grave stone.  (They are about two inches) with writing.  I wash them off and am baffled about why they came out of me.  I think it signals labor starting soon.  I am not getting what I need at 'home' so I get on a bus.  I realize labor could start soon while I'm on the bus.  I ask the driver if he's going to make a loop.  He says I should get off and cross the street and get on the bus going back.  I get off.  At the return bus stop, lots of busses pull up.  They are not the bus I'm supposed to take.  At one point, I start walking between two busses (in a long column of busses).  Then realize the danger.  I go back.  A girl at the stop and I discuss which bus to take.  Throughout the dream I occasionally experience pains like cramps and believe labor will start.  I am returning home.  Suddenly I realize my baby will have a single parent, that I have no mate to raise the baby.  This is connected to my parents' sadness or displeasure at my situation.  I am upset that the baby won't have a father because I think it is really wrong to do that to a child.  I always wanted better if I was ever going to have a child.  (Not fulfilling my moral standards or goals.)  Then I say to myself, at least the baby's father is Erik.  [Erik was my most favorite boyfriend, met him when I was a park ranger at Bryce Canyon, 86.]  I am overwhelmed with satisfaction, happiness, contentment, fulfillment, that my baby's father is Erik.  I would not want anyone else to be my baby's father.  Still sad that the baby won't have a father in its life.  I consider how hard it might be to find a mate so it will have a father.