I am at a house, feels like Utah.  The house is old, dirty, messy and there are lots of people around.  A gathering / party.  I see who I think is Rob walk in with someone else and they are midgets!  They have taken a drug or herb concoction to be midgets temporarily.  Someone at this house is dispersing this formula for those who want to try.  Mostly out of boredom, I decide to try it.  I feel confused about why I am there, a little out of place because of the disorganization.  I am cautious about this formula.  I'm not sure I want to try it but decide to because it's something I've never tried.  But, I take only a "shaving" (the word I thought of in the dream).  Not a whole dose.  So I don't know if it will work or not.  While I'm waiting, I go outside, front porch / yard.  Sort of wondering about Rob's presence there.  Unhappy feeling.  Then I see a pickup truck pass the house and slow down.  It is night or dusk.  The people in the truck - I know what they're saying telepathically.  They are saying - This is the place where the woman can make you a midget for a short time! They stop to gawk.  They have driven far enough that I can see in the bed of the truck.  The bed has been enlarged.  It's the size of three truck beds, and partitioned for animals.   There are all kinds of dogs back there.  I notice one dog - it looks like Risk [my first dog as an adult. I got her in September 92].  I call and call to it to come back to me.  Then the dog turns and I see it is not Risk.  Then another dog looks like Risk.  I call again.  It's not Risk.  Then I notice that all these dogs are deformed, (like the midgets inside).  They are for the circus.  One dog on the back right corner is really weird.  You know how you can make a shadow-dog with your hand in front of a light.  This dog was a hand, horizontal;  a big oversized hand that was a dog!  It made me a little sick.  I turned around, back to the porch and there was my middle sister coming up with Risk.  I asked her not to take Risk without telling me.  She acted unconcerned, like she didn't care that I was worried.