I am in a store, there are other people I know there, also.  We talk and chat while we shop.  The store is closing soon.  I buy all this junk food, like candy, caramel apple, bagel, etc.  And though it's late, I think, what else would I like?  I think - lox for the bagels, because there is too much sweet food here.  So I know the store is closing and I go up to the second floor because I think the deli is there, but I turn a corner, hallway, at the end of the hallway there are people in business suits and briefcases coming out of a door, and a sign over the door:  County Attorneys or Deputy D.A. or some public law office.  I am immediately embarrassed, for thinking the store was up here and I also feel out of place and hope they won't notice me.  I turn around and go back downstairs to the store.  During the whole time I had been shopping, I had been taking bites of this loaf of bread and cheese.  Like I was too hungry to wait to get home.  The cheese had little crumbs through it, which another customer and I talked about, like it was a good cuisine idea.  I knew that the store employees knew I was eating this bread and cheese and that it was paid for by the pound.  I was a little unsure about how to remedy this since I wanted to eat from it, not the whole loaf, just a little.  So then one of the clerks, an old woman, kind of hag-like, but very kindly, sticks a price on the bread so it won't matter that I ate part and helps me weigh the cheese.  I am grateful.  Some of the employees and customers are like this, in appearance - hag-like but kind.  There is a model there too.  I pay for all my stuff and go home intending to watch TV and eat junk.  Apparently I live alone.  And it feels like I've set up house (in Tucson?) for myself.  I'm snacking away, thinking some about obligations the next day, and watch TV.  On TV is a news show.  They follow this group down to Monterey for a meet - a race or expo or rally or something.  The leader will not cross some famous bridge on the PCH until he's taken a look at it so he drives in a dirt lot to take a look, others follow.  Then the camera goes up to a helicopter that is flying in to alight.  There is a tall pedestal, very thin with a little platform at the top, that the helicopter is supposed to land on up there in the air.  It's almost like an invisible, transparent, or imaginary pedestal.  But we all know the chopper should stop on the platform.  One of the pilots is standing, half out the door, waving, part of the show/expo.  The helicopter stops just short of the platform, like an imaginary rope had just pulled taut and it couldn't go further.  This caused the pilot to lose balance, and fall out the door.  The helicopter also fell off the platform, sideways, falling through the air.  Halfway to the ground the chopper was righted and flew steady again.  I thought at first the guy who fell out had somehow climbed back in and taken the controls.  But they kept doing slow-motion replays of it.  Apparently they had coverage cameras inside the chopper, on the guy, on the ground and in the air; tape recorders too. (video)  So while I was thinking "how did that guy get back in the chopper?", they showed him, he hadn't.  He fell out and the camera on him showed his fall all the way into the ocean.  It was long and sickening.  It had views all across the land from high up.  Then they showed the camera inside the copter and there was another man in there who had scrambled to take the controls.  Apparently he wasn't supposed to be there and no one knew who he was.  [subconscious, hidden self?].  Then they went back to the footage of the man who fell and played what he had transmitted over his radio or mike.  It was so panicky, really horrifying.  A slow-motion transmittal of someone who knows they are going to die petrified.  While the footage showed his fall, how high he was unprotected, I was thinking how scary that would be and wouldn't you die of a heart attack just looking down?  Then the sounds he made told me no.  He was panting really fast and agonizing.  Then even in the water he was still alive, panting, screaming.  Something took over him (cold? water? sharks?) and he died.  Everyone heard this whole thing.  It was sickening.  More about who the other man was.  Later he wrote a letter admitting he piloted, but refusing to identify himself.  View goes back to me sitting on the bed watching all this on TV.  (In the dream it became the dream image, it was not like on a TV screen once they got into it.)  I am so sick and depressed from hearing this, in shock.  However, I start to get a sexual feeling like I could come in my sleep.