I was driving down the highway in my red pickup.  It looked and felt like Dallas or Arizona south of Phoenix, it was wide open plains or desert, very flat ground.  A plane flew by me, not very far off the ground.  It was following along the highway, using the highway for a route.  Another plane came up beside it.  The pilot in the front plane looked back, out his window.  (Somehow I could see the pilot, tho I shouldn't have been able to.)  The pilot was alarmed at how close the other plane was to him, and wanted to make space between the two planes, but by his looking back, (and going too fast), he lost control of his plane.  The plane went out of control, hit the ground, flipped over several times, and blew up right in front of me on the highway.  This caused the second plane to also crash, flip and explode, and then a third plane also crashed and flipped over and exploded.  I was amazed that I had just witnessed three major, horrendous plane crashes right in front of me.  I slowed down and stopped right in the highway lane.  I got out of my car, and started walking toward the burning planes, wondered what I should do.  Then I noticed that there had already been set up an emergency tent, and officials were meeting and dispatching there. I went to the tent.  The police wanted to talk to me because I was about the only one who had seen all three happen, and I could help them investigate how the accidents had happened.  A policeman or investigator sat me down on a folding chair in the makeshift tent.  I told him what I had seen.  He said, "when you stop on the highway like that, you should be careful because (something like:) you're gears can't go down that fast, or the turbo will be damaged."  I was crying now and answered, " I know, I tried to slow down slowly."  Then the magnitude of all the deaths and all the people's bodies probably scattered over the highway hit me and I became more upset.  I told him "all those people that died . . ."  I don't remember his response.  He told me to wait, he had to go do something.  While I waited, I picked up a magazine to read.  It was more like a catalog of stores and items.  I noticed an interesting ad for a store that sold animal things, like dog figurines; things for people, not for animals.  I wanted to go there.  I looked for the address, and it was in London.  I knew then that I could never go to this store, it was impossible.  But I looked again and there was a San Francisco address too.  I looked hard at the address and memorized it hard.  I observed it so intensely I was sure I should have remembered it when I woke up.