I dreamed I was supposed to meet Norm [I dated him for a short time] at 6:15 for a party, and I false awakened (dreamed that I woke up) and realized it was 6:00 and I would be late.  So I called Norm to tell him I would be late.  Norm was saying some unusual things on the phone.  He would begin a normal sentence, then interject words which sounded like he was tripping or not altogether there.  I asked him something.  He started to breathe really hard, hyperventilate, like he had taken too much speed.  He could no longer talk.  Alarmed, I asked him "Are you okay?''  He kept breathing fast and hard, like he was panicking.  I asked him over and over "Do you want me to come over?"  He couldn't answer, so I said "If you want me to come over, give me a vocal sound."  He managed the barest vocal sound along with his next hard breathing.  So I moved fast to get over to his house.  I thought I should bring someone with me, and picked Art, as he is a doctor (a vet), and has also some experience with drugs.  I went out to the living room to call Art, and the room was completely different.  Paula [my housemate] and RB [a short-term housemate, same house] had knocked out a wall or two, knocked out or moved the wood divider in the kitchen, and extended the kitchen all the way back to the end of Paula's room.  I was surprised and liked the new room, and told them so.  I went to call Art, but couldn't remember his number and looked for an Advertiser or the phone book.  Then it seemed my phone line was tied up.  Then Marten [park ranger friend] called.  I told him urgently to get off the phone, I had to go somewhere on an emergency.  He kept talking to me real mellow and unconcerned.  I told him again to get off the phone.  Then I started thinking that maybe I was the one who was fucked up, maybe I had just dreamed all this and Norm was not really in trouble.  I then realized that I had been dreaming, and that the phone call to Norm had been a dream.  I woke up and thought about all parts of the dream for a long time.  While I was recalling some of the images, an image of one or more wild horses quite suddenly appeared to me; they were moving excitedly, uncontrolled, tossing their heads.  Then just as suddenly that horse image vanished.