I was working on my computer.  I was writing lots of business letters.  After I was finished writing, my computer started running this program on its own.  It showed a map of lower North America.  It started with Louisiana, and went across each state and way into Mexico, too.  My screen seemed much bigger, because I could see whole states and parts of whole countries sometimes.  I realized it was checking each of the addresses and phone numbers I had entered into each letter, verifying my addresses for correctness.  It would show a layout of a state, with major rivers and cities indicated.  Then it would show a black and white layout of a particular city in that state, and it would adjust, or re-picture the map, to adjust the correct telephone and/or addresses I had entered against correct data it was receiving from current phone or address directories.  I realized it must be hooked up to some phone or address database by modem.  As it updated each of my addresses in the letters, it would re-picture the map it showed.  It moved methodically across the states and Mexico.  As I wondered about this, I realized that some of my letters had been to addresses in Mexico; that's why it was showing Mexico too.  I felt that this was a great computer program.  It was beautiful to watch as well as accurate.  Also I realized that this computer program did not yet exist but that it was a great technological breakthrough and I was part of this breakthrough.  Then the dream changed and I was standing beside a huge raised relief map of all of the southern part of the United States.  The whole map was hundreds of feet big.  I was leaning over Arizona.  I could see major rivers and mountains.  I wanted to find the Colorado River, and trace it through its course to Baja.  I needed to step further into the map to see better, and I was worried about puncturing it, but I realized the map had places to step into so you could walk around inside the map and see closer.  There were foot holes to step into.