I was at a small gathering.  Mom had given me a baby girl to keep, I had to take care of it, I was getting used to it.  It was to be my baby, like she had adopted it for me.  I think its name was Lilianne or Lily.  I enjoyed picking it up on my hip, holding it, feeling it on my body, and feeling I was taking care of it.  This baby was not perfect.  It was not attractive, a little sickly, I think it was a baby from a third world country, unwanted, and Mom had adopted it that way.  It may have had physical problems.  I felt honorable taking care of a baby no one wanted.  Steve [another attorney in Moab, wanted to date me but we never did; I chose Lynn] came to the gathering.  At one point, I picked up the baby in front of him.  He noticed and said, "Oh, you have a baby.  From the way you picked it up, I take it you're not just babysitting it."  I admitted I now had a baby.  I had thought Steve didn't want any children, and believed now he would think less of me.  But after watching me, Steve went and asked Mom how he could get a baby to adopt.  He looked like he was about to cry, he wanted a child so bad.  I was totally surprised - I thought he didn't like kids.  It made me think of him different.  Later, I was watching over the baby, and it started to change into an animal, like a rodent.  Maybe it was just the way it behaved, running away, hiding, not listening, but it also seemed to have fur and an animal body and head.  It became smaller, I had trouble keeping track of it and worried how I could watch it properly if it was always running under furniture.  I felt apologetic to Steve and the people there, like I had an imperfect baby, part animal and part baby.  It was grossing me out, too.  Mom came over and said, "You don't have to keep it Tara, you can give it back, I thought you might like to try it, but you don't have to."  I said, "No, I want this, I need this to learn from this.  I'll keep it and take care of it."  I was thinking how I was just getting used to it, how I needed to go through this now in my life, I needed to learn this.  It still felt like a baby even though it was starting to look and act like an animal.  At some point, I almost forgot about it, then remembered to look for it, to watch over it.  I asked someone if they had seen the baby, if it was still okay.  It felt like lately with Risk, when I neglect her because of work, and don't spend as much time with her, then I remember how close we used to be and feel really guilty.  There was some feeling that Lynn had something to do with this, the wildness, the strangeness, animal-ness of the baby.  Like he had provided some contribution to this animal-baby.  [He is very animal-like, wild, as I had told him earlier that day.  Also, he adopted a baby from Korea.  Also, I had just listened to a radio program with him on animal rights, and the host was describing in detail the 'furry bodies' and that fish don't have fur.]  Later I was alone in a big house with the baby, trying to take care of it.  The rooms were dark, and I was overwhelmed, felt unsafe or unable to take care of everything.