I went to a little party at some girls' house;  it was just two girls and me.  These girls were on the trashy side, and I did not know them very well.  We were partying.  They were expecting a man to come over.  It was decided that we or I would sleep with him.  At some point I questioned myself, "what if I don't like this man, or don't think he is attractive?"  and I answered myself that I would have to anyway, no matter what he looked like, I had already committed myself.  The man came over.  At one point I did look at him and think, he is not attractive, but it's too late, it's been decided, or, it's out of my control.  I think I did sleep with him, no details, not sure.  There was some sexual flirtation.  Afterward, the girls left the apartment.  I was alone.  The man turned into a spider.  I knew that the man had turned into a spider.  I saw the spider crawling on the floor, out from under something.  It was a big spider.  I followed it, and when I got the chance, I killed it.  I killed it on a paper or napkin.  Then I realized his remains could be discovered on the paper, and wondered how to get rid of the paper so no evidence of my killing could be discovered.  I knew he could be identified as that man, even though he was a spider, and that I would be implicated in his killing.  A little later, there was another man, a brother of one of the girls or something.  He had been there too.  He turned into a spider.  I got that spider into a trashcan, and I shook it to kill him.  I  looked in the trashcan.  His head was separated from his body, but his body was still moving, the legs.  I thought about killing him further, so he would not writhe around like that, but then I thought, he's obviously dead, his head is separated from his body, he'll die.  I was really concerned about the discovery of these girls' brother's deaths, and how it could be connected to me.  For a long time in the dream I thought about my moral responsibility for the men's deaths.  Thought, if I am not found or caught, what responsibility do I have?  Do I really need to feel bad about these killings if I am not found out?  I thought about how long it would take for the men's families or friends to realize they were missing or dead, would I ever be implicated?  Would it matter if I were never implicated?  I thought about how these men had raped or taken advantage of me, how they made me have sex when I didn't want to, or they had mistreated me, how I hated them, how they deserved to die for treating me or for treating women so bad.  Later, the girls and I decided to go out to party.  We were driving in a van.  I was still thinking about whether I would be caught and how long it would take them to discover their brother had been killed.  Later, I went alone to an upscale store, to shop.  I took the elevator up to the top floor.  I was still thinking about the men's deaths, how I had killed them.  The elevator had part of the floor missing, on purpose, it was the design.  I thought how dangerous it was to have part of the elevator floor missing, you could fall all the way to the bottom, thirteen floors.  I looked down through all the floors on the elevator, the liability.  It was precarious riding on that elevator.  I got out on the top floor.  I looked at the merchandise.  I found on a sale table a really nice slip or lingerie that I liked, I wanted to buy it.  Then I was hungry and wanted a cookie.  In the next  room they had all these cookies lined up on tables, tons of them, with labels for what kind they were.  I was looking for an oatmeal cookie.  I found one and inspected it really closely to see what kind of oatmeal cookie it was.