[Lynn was my boyfriend for one horrible year. It turned out he was abusive and a scammer, also bi-polar. Later, I realized I chose him because he was completely different from any guy I had ever dated before, so I felt that he was opening me to experiences with men that I had previously, and repeatedly, avoided. After a year, this relationship precipitated a crisis where I had to leave my home town and my career. I went into therapy for 8 months, and then started on a completely new path in life.]  Dream:  Lynn and I lived way out in the country, in the mountains or foothills.  One day we drove into town.  It was a long way.  As we drove I tried to memorize the road signs and the way, so I could find my way back.  We got to town and ran errands.  We were driving an antique car, very bright yellow, re-done, a convertible.  It was a neat car.  Lynn left to go in a store, and I drove to park the car.  As I was waiting to turn, a van ran into the side of our car.  It wasn't a bad hit, I didn't think there would be much damage.  I was mad, pulled over to look at the damage.  The van pulled over too.  There were a lot of people in the van, and I didn't trust them.  I felt like they were connected to the derelicts who screwed Lynn over.  They were disorganized and shifty.  We got out, there was some damage to the car - a hole right through the door.  I was just starting to talk to them.  First they acted like they weren't going to take responsibility for it, trying to evade me, then one man came over and said he wanted to pay a cash settlement right there, to avoid insurance claims.  I was happy, knowing I could get a lot for it, in exchange for them avoiding insurance.  Just then Lynn walked up.  He was dressed in a full dress tuxedo, black and white, really nice, he looked incredible.  He asked me to marry him right there.  I was shocked, and was just about to tell him the car was hit and this man would pay us cash right now, but when I turned back around to the man, all the people had left in the van during our distraction.  Then I was really mad, they had gotten away, without giving us any I.D. at all.  Lynn and I drove to try to find them.  We drove around for a while, then went back to the same parking lot.  The van was back!  We stopped, and I made them give me I.D. and insurance info right there.  Later Lynn and I were home.  We kept finding things were missing, every few days, an item would be gone from the house, even when we were there.  We kept wondering what was going on.  One day, I walked into our bedroom and caught two women going through my closet, taking out clothes and picking the ones they were going to steal.    I knew right then that these women had been in the van that hit us.  We apprehended them, to keep them there til the cops could come and arrest them.  But we found two men in the living room stealing, and it got all disorganized and I think they got away.  It made me wonder if the van hitting our car was intentional, these people seemed to know us or to know Lynn.  I was really personally offended and mad about my clothes being gone through, although the other items didn't bother me as much.