I lived in a big long rectangular house with Lynn.  Disorder everywhere, and people coming in and out all the time, sometimes living there.  Hardly any furniture, just a big empty two-story house, long and rectangular.  I never knew just what was going on, what the plan was.  Lynn was flying at this time, king of the gang, he had power, and the people coming and going followed his orders.  Then we started getting low on money, and Lynn decided we needed to get more money.  It was like he ran everything, I followed, did what he planned, and I did not have a say in those decisions.  That was okay, but I was in the dark about the full extent of what was going on.  He brought several beautiful women to the house.  I liked them, sometimes we hung out, but clearly I was Lynn's girl, and they were not.  They were there for pleasure, sex, beauty, the other guys in the house, or working for Lynn, I was not too sure at this point.  But Lynn had brought them in, so I went along.  One day I was downstairs near the big front doors, and a big white new Suburban came crashing right through the doors, into the house, turning left inside the big rectangle of the house.  I was startled and scared.  I was going to protest, I knew it was one of Lynn's male friends.  Then another came in, they came one after another.  All of them were white, new, clean.  It was getting dangerous and the house was filling with trucks, so I climbed on the roof of one Suburban with Risk to get out of the way, and rode on top.  At the end of the left side of the house, I could see it was going to crash through the far wall and keep going.  I did not want Risk carried off, and I thought I might not be able to get back, so as it slowed down before it hit the wall, I pushed Risk over the back end to the ground.  I think I jumped off after her, but my main concern was saving her and keeping her there.  I was mad now.  All this disorder, mess, out of control.  People taking advantage of us, scaring me, endangering Risk.  I went upstairs to find Lynn and tell him I was mad.  I talked alone with one of the women.  Somehow she got a point across to me that I really wasn't in a position to complain, either because Lynn was paying for everything, or because Lynn was just the king.  She was kind and laughing about it with me, but she was also hinting at my naiveté about the situation.  She said, "why do you think we are here?"  I answered something, for sex or for the guys or something.  She said, no he is making us prostitute, and then he takes the money we make.  I sort of knew he was pimping them out, but I was upset that he took everything they made, not just a cut.  I thought or commented that, well, he wasn't doing that to me.  She gave me this knowing look, and said, he will, you just wait.  You know he will soon, make you do it too for the money.  I was denying this, over and over, I knew I was Lynn's girl, and he wouldn't make me do that.  I wasn't in that same category as them, his beautiful whores, but still always whores and they could never be more.  I wanted to keep believing I wasn't in that category, that I was more to him.  But already, just before I woke up, I was remembering that he called me cunt, whore, bitch, slut, and then, that he had made me work, had made me take cases I didn't want to take, pushed me to work for him.  I never really saw Lynn in this dream.  I knew he was around, but he did not appear.  It was just known that he was there and KING.