An angel came to tell me it was time for me to die.  This angel appeared as a young man but it was obvious that he was a supernatural being.  He said that my life here must now end, and he said I would be wearing my Chico State T-shirt when I died, and showed me a vision or picture.  It was a vision of the T-shirt, in an evidence bag, labeled "EVIDENCE".  I say vision because he showed me an aerial view of the shirt in the evidence bag as if it were already the period after I had died and I was able to look back on earth at my death and what had happened shortly after my death.  I took this to mean that my death would be caused by a criminal act which would require prosecution or investigation, or else it was a DUI accident, which might also require evidence.  At first I was very upset.  I felt too young or not ready to die yet.  I had not had enough life.  The angel was very understanding and patient, and let me cry and feel sad.  He knew that telling me it was time for me to die would cause me sorrow, and he talked me through it.  After talking with him a while, I realized I was actually excited about it, looking forward to it, wondering how soon it would happen, almost impatient.  I had heard it was great after you die, or maybe the angel and I discussed what happens and how wonderful it is.  It occurred to me that I was being taken so young because I had achieved already everything I needed to learn in this life, that I had made such great progress in my soul's journey and conscious realizations and enlightenment in this  lifetime, that I did not need to spend any more time as a human, and that I would most likely be allowed to progress on to a higher form of being.  That this would be my last incarnation as a physical being.  I was very happy and relieved about this.  Some time later I was anticipating it, looking forward to it, wondering why it had not happened yet.  I wanted to die very much and go where the angel was, and on to the next journeys.  I thought maybe if I just put that shirt on, that would make it happen.  Then I realized that Lynn has that shirt in Thompson Springs, and I probably could not get it.  Then the angel was telling me to come on, or taking me.  And I was telling him I needed to write to my middle sister first.  The only unfinished business I could think of that needed to be done before I died was to write to my middle sister and tell her I hope she has a beautiful wedding and that I am happy for her and sorry I died and missed her wedding.  Toward the end of the dream I was drafting the letter to my middle sister, and I remembered specific sentences upon waking. I think in the dream I also thought of my will and that it has not been signed yet.