Lynn and I went to Linda S's house.  I was working on motions there, I had my printer and computer.  Linda sat across from Lynn and I.  She looked just like that Moon Lady we had when we were kids, the stick-on toy set.  Her face was really broad and moon-like.  Her hair was cut funny, a bowl shape, but in back the left side was curved around and cut two inches higher than the right side curved around.  Linda brought out a whole ton of cocaine and Lynn was doing it.  It was really bad, like sawdust, and had no effect.  She dumped it out on the table in a big pile.  I was working right on top of it, my printer and files were on it.  Lynn and I left it there because it was so bad, and left the house.  I went to my home, not recognizable.  I heard Linda's house had caught fire, the firemen came, and I worried about all the cocaine laying out.  I went to the back of my house, and a housemate was in a small room there with two friends.  I told them I like how they had fixed up the room.  But it was so hot in there.  One of them was drinking a big cup of ice water, and it was empty, I heard the ice clinking in the empty cup.  I went to work out and swim at a gym.  Lynn was there in the pool with me.  He took my bathing suits off me somehow, there were two, a one-piece and a bikini.  He was playing with them with a little kid, and he wouldn't give them back.  I got angry at him.  I was nude in the pool and felt exposed and unprotected, and also like he was making fun of my nudeness.  Some baby in the pool tried to breast-feed on me.  I pushed him away, and I said to Lynn, look what happens when you take my bathing suit away.  I realized I just wanted to lift weights or do push-ups, something strenuous but not aerobic, to exert my muscles.  I got the handles to do push-ups on.  I wanted to start, but Lynn was watching me, and I felt like if I did push-ups in front of him, it would be like working for him, slaving again for him, having to put out work and effort for him, like always before.  I didn't start.