I was hiking alone down a canyon, it was steep and rocky, far from society.  I was following a trail of water, through the rocks.  I came to a spot where rocks blocked the path.  Around to the right side, I saw the jump was too steep to continue down the canyon.  I realized, though (before I saw it), that around to the left side of the rocks, it was possible to jump.  At this point there were many other people hiking in the canyon, it was a regular recreation spot, when previously I had been all alone.  It came to me that this was how all the other people were continuing down the canyon, the jump to the left.  Then Ro (housemate from Tucson) was there hiking with me.  She wanted to continue and take the jump to the left of the rocks.  She went first.  From the view looking around the rocks, it still looked too steep for me to jump, and I was scared.  I kept telling her I couldn't do it.  She went ahead.  Then coming upon the view over the actual jump myself, I saw that it was not that steep.  I wondered why I had been so scared, before I had actually seen how it wasn't that steep.    I paused at the ledge, and thought about my shoes being ruined in the jump.  They were my rose suede flats.  So I took my shoes off, and jumped and landed easily in the sand.  Then I remembered I had left my shoes up on the ledge, and I called to someone to throw them down.  Someone did, and then they were my black flats.  I wondered about the appropriateness of these shoes for a hike.  Throughout the rest of the dream, I was continually leaving my shoes behind, forgetting them and remembering to get them.  It seemed I couldn't keep them on my feet.  There were many people, almost partying there in the canyon water and rocks.  Ro and I went ahead, hiked through the canyon, and then we were in Mexico, in a town, and other people joined us.  We went to a bar.  We ordered beer or drinks, and there was a menu of specialty drinks.  I thought about ordering one, and chose a tropical mixed drink.  It had some exotic fruit juice or coconut juice, I thought it might be good, and different from anything I'd ever had.  But Ro and the other people were not happy there, they were thinking about leaving.  So I never ordered one.  We decided to leave, they wanted to go to another bar.  I did not really like who I was with.  They were negative or surly, not happy anywhere, restless, college-types.  At one point, I noticed Ro had really long hair.  Much longer than when we lived together.  I said to myself, how could her hair have gotten so much longer than mine, I have been letting mine grow out all year now, and it's not as long as hers, in the same time.  Then I realized it had been years since I'd seen her, not the short amount of time I had at first thought, of course her hair could have gotten that long over the years.  Later in the dream, her hair was very short, then later it looked short but I realized it was pinned up in back; I could never decide whether it was short or long.  We left the bar.  We were walking through this Mexico town.  I decided to go off on my own for a while, and meet up with them later.  I walked through the town, which was more like a city now.  I misplaced my shoes a few times, and retrieved them.  Now it was night.  It was a little unsafe where I was walking.  I went in some buildings, it was a business district, I went up some stairs in some buildings.  It was poor in a Mexico way.  Then Ro found me, they had been worried about me, but not in a concerned way, more in a hassled way.