I was waitressing at a nice restaurant.  A group came in and sat at my table.  Everything was going wrong, I could not get anything out fast enough, it was taking forever to do anything.  The party asked for things, appetizers, soup, etc., and it seemed nothing they wanted was in the kitchen, and I spent all this time hunting for things, dishes, spoons, saucers.  By the time I brought them anything, the evening had pretty much passed.  Anthony was there as restaurant manager.  I asked him where things were, and he'd tell me.  It seemed I did not know my way around, like it was my first day on the job.  I couldn't find anything, and when the party asked questions about the menu, I didn't know the answers.  The soup was memorable.  The party asked what soups were being served.  I told them we had two, one was onion, and one was an unusual creation by the chef.  The main woman at my table was very outspoken.  She said, I thought it was a carrot soup, and I came here just for that carrot soup.  I said, well the two soups right now are the onion and this creation one, but he's still supposed to make the carrot soup at 8:00 tonight.  It was not yet 8:00.  Then I told her kind of snotty:  What does it matter, if the carrot soup is not ready.  We have these other two soups.  It's not like you knew beforehand that it would be carrot, you came here wanting soup, and we have soup.  Who cares if it is not carrot.  Then I realized maybe she had called beforehand, and found out about the carrot soup.  I was embarrassed.  I asked if they'd like to sample a bit of the unusual soup.  I told them the soup had mushrooms, some other unusual vegetables, fresh thyme and herbs, and a layer of toasted bread in it.  They said yes.  I went to the kitchen.  This was when I couldn't find, cups, saucers, spoons.  None of the dishes matched each other, although they were nice dishes.  It was taking forever just to get three samples of soup out.    I finally got three small beautiful cups, like teacups, and went to fill them.  The soup was truly weird.  One cup I filled actually had a whole blackberry in it.  I made sure that blackberry was laying on top of the soup, in view.  The others I filled had big clumps of herbs in them.  They looked really wild, with nature things throughout them, almost like sticks and leaves, dark fruits, and vegetables.  The bread in the soup I had to cut up and put into the cups.  When I finished, I realized I had used up all the soup just with these samples, so they couldn't order full cups anyway.  When I brought it to the table, I realized it was now past 8:00 by this time.  I realized they could have had the carrot soup after all, it had taken me so long just to get organized, oriented, even though I seemed to have no other tables.   After they had the soup, I asked if they'd like to order anything else, expecting them to be totally pissed off about how long it took.  They decided not to order entrees, but two wanted dessert:  a chocolate cheesecake, and the main woman wanted a plum cake.  I was amazed.  I thought they were going to leave.  I commented to Anthony in back about them ordering dessert straight after soup with no dinner.  It was pretty late by now, however.  I also dreamed that I called the movie theater and asked what was playing.  There were three movies on, but they were all kids movies, like disney.  I told the theater, how can all of your movies be kids movies, don't you show anything for adults?