It was like a story of all my time and history with Lynn.  The dream went on for a long time, with me at Lynn's, dealing with Lynn and his friends and family, different scenarios, happenings, going places.  Lynn was building a big house.  It was beautiful.  Throughout the dream, the house was being constructed.  Some of his friends and family became concerned about him, because it seemed he frequently got out of touch with reality, and said bizarre and insane things.  Beverly and Joyce [elderly sisters living in Thompson Springs] were there, but in the dream they were his mothers.  Also, Lynn's grandmother was there, tiny and smiling.  And all of Lynn's gross friends.  The dream went through several phases and places of my time with Lynn, and dealing and trouble with him.  Later as I began to pull away from the life with Lynn, my family sort of intervened, they did not like him and had always wanted me away from him.  There was a period where I was torn between deciding whether to try further with Lynn or go with my parents.  My family was telling me to get away.  At one point, some of Lynn's family were in a big van, I could see through the front windshield.  His grandmother was kissing some man, very sensually.  She finished and looked at me grinning.  She was really old and impish.  Then, I was getting in a car with my family, they were going to take me away.  Driving past the house he had built, I saw a side-front view of the house.  And there was this amazing row of about nine huge transparent salmon/orange-colored stone slabs lined up across the roof on their ends.  You could see the sunlight through the slabs, they let the light through.  It reminded me of the slow glass story.  He had put them there.  They reflected his and our whole life together in a way, with that late-day sunlight streaming through them.  They were incredibly gorgeous.  I was admiring the transparent stone slabs.    Then, I could see that he had carved away and destroyed parts of the roof.  In his anger about his life and demise, over a period of time, he had carved several huge round circles out of the roof, which looked like stone or adobe mud, also slickrock colored.  The parts he had carved away looked liked the cactus stalk ends, which he severed at my house, that shape.  I knew that he had done this impulsively out of anger, as he does so many things.  It was destructive, ruining his own things, the beautiful things (house, life) he himself had built up.  A little later, I looked and that roof became an actual mountain, and Lynn had carved and destroyed those circular pieces out of the mountain itself.  I remember feeling awed that he had enough power to change a mountain's shape.  I was still torn in decision, thinking about Lynn.  And I realized that Lynn and I had been through so much together, so many trials and hardships and troubles, that I really cared about him and whether he was okay, and I said stop, I need to go see him one more time, or say goodbye or something.  I got out of the car or away from my parents.  I went inside to where Lynn was.  Some of his family was around him.  I went to him, and he was slowly going insane, as he had been throughout the whole dream.  But before in the dream, he had been able to hide it or cover it later with some explanation.  Now it was quite apparent he was obviously insane, and his family was in shock and did not know what to do.    I knelt beside Lynn who was seated in a chair in the middle of a big empty room.  First he started to speak.  The words made no sense, they were nonsense, jumbled, not forming thoughts.  Then he tried to speak again and could not make any intelligible sounds.  I put my arms around him and held his head into my chest.  He had his head down in despondence, as if he were crying.  I was shaken, disturbed and upset, so much of our life, now gone or impossible.  And I said over and over into him, "Oh my god.  Oh my god.  Oh my god."