I was going back to Utah to live, to Salt Lake City or somewhere north in Utah.  I decided to stop in Moab on my way north, either to see some old friends, reminisce, or pick up things from storage.  After I came to town, things started to get bad.  It did not look like Moab.  Things were stolen from me, or missing, and I just felt trapped again.  I was having trouble getting out of town, it was cold, and I was either $ broke or my car was broken, or I was mad about my stuff getting stolen.  It was getting worse, and I felt desperate, like I couldn't make anything work, I couldn't get on with my plans.  I went to my storage locker, and it had been gone through, pillaged.  It seemed like I had backed my truck up to the open storage door, it was bigger, and things were gone.  Then a woman prosecutor or woman law enforcement came on the scene.  She was young, and shorter than me.  I had to make a choice.  Whether to turn in the people I knew were stealing and doing drugs, or not.  I was desperate and pissed.  I made the choice.  I went to her, and turned them in, told her everything.  I needed her help to get out of there.  I remember giving her conditions after I helped her with her bust, like, I need twenty bucks for gas, and I asked her for some food or something.  She was willing to help me for my assistance in the bust.  I was glad I had made the decision to finally bust those in Moab who had wronged me and others.  Although it was a hard decision to make.  After we helped each other, I turned to leave.  A van had pulled up.  I knew Lynn was inside.  But he was just piled in the van with a whole ton of other crap, odds and ends of stuff.  The van was packed full of stuff, and I knew Lynn was in there, curled up fetal and stuffed in a box with the rest of the stuff.  I crawled in through the back of the van, and in the middle of the van I found him stuffed in there.  It was so cold out.  I think it was snowing or icing out.  He was dying, and they had just left him to die in a box in this van with all this stuff.  He was barely conscious.  He too was extremely cold, his extremities were frozen.  I or someone started pulling the box with him in it out of the van, real slow.  I was cradling his head and shoulders, screaming in despair, and crying to him because I knew he would die.  At this point I started waking up, but not quite.  Still asleep, I dreamed of a tall, not-quite-real woman who was very slowly spreading a gelatinous brown matter in wide strips across Lynn's head.  Not his actual head, but more spreading this brown gelatin stuff across the picture or vision of Lynn, then across the whole picture of everything I was seeing.  She was slowly spreading it, strip after strip.  I woke a little more.  I had the feeling this was heroin or morphine, not cocaine as was the drug subject of the earlier part of the dream.  I realized I had been mistaken, I had been dreaming about cocaine as the drug, earlier, but now it was being shown to me that it was really heroin or morphine that was causing all this trouble, and which had caused Lynn to die.  I knew this because of the very slow manner in which she moved, and the brown and the texture.  I knew Lynn had died of a heroin or morphine overdose, as well as being left out in the cold, and I remembered the day when I found him in the motel room [he owned the motel], od'd from shooting some heinous mixture of it, how he was totally out of it, how that had scared me, and I had stayed with him.  Now it was like nobody had given a shit about him, they'd left him od'd on drugs in this van in a box.  I woke a little more, and opened my eyes a little, still part of the dream.  And I saw, moving down the ceiling, then down the wall, through half-closed eyes, a UFO.  It had red, green and blue lights which were moving in a triangle shape as it traveled down against the wall.  The green and blue lights moved the fastest in the triangle shape, in a pattern, while the red light moved slower in the triangle shape or stayed in the center of the moving lights.  It was dynamic, alive.  It was coming to take Lynn at his death.  The UFO was going to take Lynn with them.  I had the feeling the UFO had been a part of all this all along, that it had caused the entire sequence of events, from the beginning of the dream.  It wanted Lynn dead so it could take him.  I felt a new understanding.  I also realized that those lights and colors are incredibly similar to the colored lights I've seen since I was a child, behind my eyelids when I rub my eyes too hard or get dizzy.  But those colors are unformed, a random mixture of colored lights.  This was a ship, with organized spinning lights with a pattern, and moving down to get Lynn.