I was in Utah.  I was working at Lynn's on my computer, on a lot of cases.  It seemed like at the motel (Thompson Springs), it had that old feeling (coal smell, old metal furniture, poor lighting, a little cold), but it looked different.  Lynn was in and out while I worked, some other people occasionally too.  I was feeling okay about work and Lynn.  Then I went out.  I was out for a while, and while away, I somehow knew that things had gone bad with Lynn, that he had gotten into one of his moods/phases/tirades, out to get me.  He was pissed at me.  I got worried about the stuff I had left there at Lynn's.  I drove up to a building.  I was driving someone else's truck or van, it was older and bigger than mine, dirty, unorganized, maybe Lynn's Suburban or truck.  Lynn was driving my truck.  This building reminded me of the Thompson motel, it was about ten rooms lined up each with a door out front and a sidewalk.  But it was a dormitory or frat house of a college.  There was something in front of the rooms, a swimming pool or cars or a fenced area, not just the parking lot.    Some young men were making a banner for the roof or writing words up on the roof across all the middle rooms.  I realized it was the last day of school or after the last day, and everyone was moving out, and this was some kind of celebratory or goodbye college banner.  I read it in the dream;  I can't remember what it said now, but I remember it was kind of funny.  I went in two of the rooms.  I was looking for my things, my purse mainly.  Because when I realized that Lynn was on one of his tirades against me, I also realized that he had my truck, and the keys to my truck were in my purse, and he had access to my purse since I had left it at the motel.  I was worried he would take my purse, and I was worried about getting my truck back.  The rooms, as I peeked in, were disheveled, dirty, stuff left everywhere, sheets, cups and trash, stuff like that, half-broken furniture.  It looked pretty dilapidated.  I picked up a bag or box from one of the rooms, without even looking into it, just hoping my stuff was in there.  I got to the van I was driving.  I remember wanting my own truck back as I got into that old van.  But an older witchy woman stopped me and asked why I was taking that bag or box.  I said oh, I left my purse here, I thought it might be in this bag.  I started pulling things out of the bag and it was a white paper on top, like a folded map, and below that about four blankets, old yellow colored.  So my purse was not in there.  I was upset.  I went back to where I had been working at Lynn's.  I sat down at the desk and started working again.  But something was different.  The machine I was now working on didn't seem the same, it was an older model, it didn't do the things the former one could do, like it had no memory.  This one just looked like a mere typewriter, not a computer, and an old crummy typewriter at that.  It had one of those old typewriter balls that spins around for the letters.  I got scared about all the work I had done before:  was it saved, or had Lynn taken it?  (At this point it seemed even the former computer I had been working on was also a loaner from Lynn, or in any case, not mine anymore.  So it wasn't like he took MY computer, at this point, more like he had substituted an older one in place of the earlier one, thinking maybe I wouldn't notice.)  I started looking for the work I had done previously, was it saved here?  Just then Lynn and Leah sat down on either side of me.  They were both acting cruel and controlling, scheming, closing in on me.  Leah was working for Lynn, doing what he said.  I questioned Lynn, and it came out that he had taken all of my work, all the casework I had already completed, on purpose.  He had my files on disk.  All of my work, it was gone, and he wasn't going to tell me where it was.  He said something about taking it because of any possible things in there about him.  I was really mad, frustrated, upset at him.  I realized this was worse than him taking my truck or purse, my earlier fears had not even been as terrible as what he really did here.  Also either this night or the night before I dreamed I was kissing and making out with Erik.  We were a couple, in love, happy, together, partners.  I really enjoyed kissing him and could see his face, lips and body close to me.  There was a feeling that he was mine.