I dreamed I was giving Lynn head.  It went on a long time, the whole act.  First we were on our knees, and I started to give him head.  We were kneeling in front of a window, and I think we even commented that we didn't care who saw us.  We kept going.  Then I took off my clothes.  I saw myself nude with him.  He was nude too.  Then I pulled him down, to lay down.  I got on top of him and stretched out full length on him, to rub my breasts and body and skin over his front.  I saw my breasts lightly rubbing down his front.  I did my special blow job on him.  It was very wet.  It seemed like I got his stomach wet.  I started slow and teasing the tip with my mouth, and went through the whole thing.  Also I dreamed I was on a cruise ship.  It did not feel like in this country.  There were a lot of people on the cruise.  And it seemed like we were Nazi prisoners, Jews being taken as prisoners.  What was weird was that while we had some idea we were Nazi prisoners, we were all acting so privileged, as if we had rights on this ship, like tourists.  For instance, everyone became hungry, and one of the passengers went to complain and ask that they put some food out for us, appetizers.  I remember waiting for others to eat and then filling a small paper plate for myself.  It was like party food though.  I couldn't reconcile this difference between knowing we were war prisoners and the decadence they were allowing to go on.  It was like the ship crew was reluctant to treat us as anything but prisoners, I think they even scoffed at the request for food, but they did it anyway, treated us like we were just normal passengers.  At one point I went in search of food, I think, but came upon some books in a small back room, and I spent some time looking at and picking out some of the books to read.  I.e. I changed my quest mid-stream when I saw the books in this room.  The day before, we had Barbara and Doug out to the farm, and watched the football game with them there.  Items in the dream are like that day.  Doug and I talked about his upcoming cruise in Norway.  I got a similar plate of appetizers at our little party.  And I went running into the back fields at the farm to pick persimmons, and while walking back there, I remembered playing Nazi prisoner escapee back there when I was young.  Also I do feel like a prisoner living here, with Mom and Dad, and hating Texas, and feeling few options for how to get out.