I was at the cabin [in Utah] again.  I don't know who else was there, maybe Mom and Dad, maybe Lynn.  It seemed like we were moving things around.  Then we left.  Then we had to drive back to the cabin.  There was some urgency.  Mom was driving my truck.  We came up a road, and there was some obstruction or delay.  I must have gotten out to walk or solve the problem.  I decided to walk or run by another route, and Mom kept going the regular road.  It seemed as she drove off, she gave me a disgusted look, like she was frustrated with the traffic or obstruction.  I took a higher path, it was rockier, big boulders, and it went uphill and wound around.  I knew where I was going, I thought I would meet Mom when the forks came together again, or meet her at the place we had been going to.  It was just a different way to get there, rockier.  I ran on this path.  I came to an overlook, above a valley.  It dropped off really steep and high.  It looked like Spanish Bottom in The Maze.  I stopped at the rocks at the edge, looking for the path.  I had been here before and I knew the path went under an overhang, but I couldn't remember exactly where.  I bent a little to look for where the path came out under the overhang.  Then about three guys came up behind me.  One said, "When we get here, what do we do?  We go over the cliff like this!"  And he picked me up and held me out over the cliff.  I was really scared, I did not know if he was going to drop me the few feet down to the path below or what.  Then he threw me out off the cliff.  I was hundreds of feet above the ground, like at Spanish Bottom.  I soared through the air and got that sick feeling of dropping hundreds of feet.  I knew there must be a river here below me.  In mid-air, I looked at the landscape below, searching for the river.  And then I saw the Colorado River, very dark, below me.  I hoped I would hit it.  But I knew from this height I would probably die even if I hit the river.  And I wasn't sure how to steer myself to hit the river.  The Colorado was almost black, so dark colored.  It looked like the Colorado river area just before Castle Valley area.  I woke up before I hit, still in mid-air.