Tess [my best friend at UCSC] and I were in a living room, on the floor between some furniture or bookcase, a little hidden.  We started to make out.  She touched her own genitals like an invitation or to show me, and then I took over.  I stroked her clitoris, and she put her head back and groaned with pleasure, smiling.  I was so glad that she liked it.  I asked her questions about how to do it just like she liked, "on the underside?"  I recalled my wish (in waking life) for her to feel orgasm, since she never has.  Her clitoris was the type in a previous dream about my oldest sister, more like a penis than female.  It stuck out a lot, like the kind Lynn has told me some women have that he has been with.  We started going further.  Then I became anxious or hesitant.  I wasn't sure I wanted this with her.  I told her I didn't think I wanted to actually make love with her, because I really love men, I really love fucking men, and I am not attracted to women in that way, although I love their beauty.  When it comes to sex, I really want men.  Also I said something about how I couldn't even picture actual intercourse with a woman, I wanted a man to fuck me, and a woman wasn't going to satisfy the things I needed to feel in sex.  I was imagining her body pressed next to mine in intercourse, how it wasn't going to do to me what a man could.  There was also some feeling of ruining our friendship if we went further.  She just stared at me, with a look like massive disappointment or disbelief, almost like I was betraying her.  She just kept looking straight at me, not saying anything.  There were other things we had to do.  We had been interrupted from these things.  When we started making out it was like we were playing hooky from some job we had to do there, sneaking off and hoping no one saw we were not working.  But we were obviously attracted to each other, so we almost couldn't help ourselves, making out like that.  But now it seemed our other duties there were surfacing, interrupting us from going further.  It seemed like it was winter, cold out, that's why we had come inside.