I rode a moped home each day.  Each day I took the same route.  It was winter but not cold.  I had Risk set up on the back of the moped.  Usually each day, I liked to go up this little hill when I got to Hillcrest, there was a little church-type building that I liked to go inside and look around, then I would get to ride downhill real fast on the bike.  It was relaxing to see the church-building, artistic and quiet and beautiful in there, it was sort of like a museum or art gallery too, and exhilarating fun to go down the hill.  One day when I got to Hillcrest, I thought maybe I should just go straight home.  I was tired.  But then I thought, no, I'll go up the little hill, I didn't want to break my daily practice since it was about the only fun thing I did all day and it centered and relaxed me.  Somehow Risk had fallen off the back of the moped.  In lifting her back on and arranging her, I realized it was probably a pretty bumpy ride for her and she must be uncomfortable back there each day.  On this day, there was some function at the church, a lot of people.  I got stuck in there and couldn't interrupt the proceedings to get out.  Mom was there.  It was like a fashion show or meeting or presentation.  I talked with Mom, but we decided mutually that she would go on ahead of me.  I knew I wanted her to go on partly so I could have my daily routine in peace without her watching.  There were people in all the little rooms and I was a little confused and stuck, but I finally saw my chance to get away.  I went out toward the door but in the hall, I took off all my clothes.  I felt carefree.  I wanted to se myself nude in the reflection of the glass or mirror, and I half-ran/danced toward the glass door, watching myself.  Then I realized with humor that I couldn't go out in the street that way, nude.  I turned back to get clothes, ran by a mirror in the hall to see myself again.  I liked seeing my nude body, I liked how I looked.  It was erotic and sensual, playing with my reflection.  I must have gotten clothes, because I was back out on the moped and about to start down the little curvy hill on it.  I liked riding this hill each day.  I played with the pedals, still figuring them out, a combination of bicycle and motorcycle.  I saw the dirt road under my feet. I went down the hill, conscious of and wondering the whole time about my daily habits and the few things I find fun in life now.  Also in this dream, Mom was showing a demonstration of the water purifier, and she had me test drink the two waters, one tap, and one purified, for the other people.  I drank the tap water first, then the Neo-Life water, and told the people watching how much better the purified water was.  But I had noticed lint and dirt and dog hair in the cups like they had been sitting out a while, and privately told Mom that she'd better change the water in the cups before someone else drank it.  I myself just drank it with the lint floating in it.