I was in the pool here at the house (my parents' house, where I grew up).  I think I was on a float.  There was a big mermaid or some fish-being below me in the deep part.  It talked to me and helped me.  Sometimes it was gone.  Then there would be another fish, just a regular fish, but very big, not swimming as deep, and not right underneath me.  This fish didn't connect with me, it was just a fish in the pool.  I spent a while out there, maybe the dream covered several days.  The mermaid-fish would sometimes appear for me, and we would talk.  It was an extraordinary being - it wasn't really a mermaid, that didn't occur to me in the dream, only after I woke up it was the only way to describe it.  It was bigger than me.  Sometimes it came up higher or out of the water by me, but always swam right underneath me.  Sometimes it was hard to make out, hidden.  Next my oldest sister came in the pool, by the steps.  I told her about the mermaid-fish.  I was looking for it, trying to show it to her.  She asked me what do you talk about, or what does it tell you.  I told her it helps me, it tells me which way my hair looks good, tells me about myself, makes me feel better about myself.  Although I knew the fish and I talked about a lot more than my hair, this was what I told my oldest sister.  I looked through the water for it, but it wasn't there.  I told my oldest sister "I know this fish is there."  I really wanted this big fish-being to come back and connect with me again.  I think this fish was my guide, the being who appeared with me in Tucson in that incredible trance.  It was a similar feeling, love and assistance and connection.  Underwater could be my subconscious.  Risk died the next day, Sunday morning.  I am hoping my guide appeared in this dream to assist me with my difficulty believing that Risk made it to the light and is living in love.  I have asked my guides to find Risk, help her to the light, and surround her with love.  I don't want her to be alone.  She deserves to be surrounded with all the love in the universe.  They will take care of you sweetheart, since I can't be there with you.