I was with Rhythm Box and John M in Santa Cruz.  We had just gotten fired from a gig, they didn't want us to play there anymore.  Actually it felt like I was not in the band anymore at the time, but they had gotten fired.  I felt sympathy for them.  Then I was with John M and some of his friends or the band members at a house in Santa Cruz.  It had very high ceilings, a two-story house, older.  We were hanging out, there was some friendly attraction between me and John.  I flopped down on this neat couch and called Jeff.  There was something disapproving about this, it felt like maybe I was on the phone too long or something and some other guy there wanted to use the phone.  But it also felt like I had hurt someone's feelings by calling Jeff from there, in front of someone.  We hung out some more.  Then I felt like I had been there way too long, I had to get going, felt like I had to move, like I feel now, this hurry to get out of Texas and get on with my life.  A sort of exhausted impatience.  But they were my current gang, so I was reluctant to leave, I was comfortable and knew them and liked this house, and I liked John.  But I felt like I really needed to move and leave there, and it felt like I would be leaving for good, or for a long time.  Someone proposed going camping, one last trip, and they asked me along.  I agreed to go with them, just for three days, then I gotta go.  I left first, they were to meet me there.  I drove and got to the camp spot before them.  It turned off the highway, and there was a path going downhill through low bushes or trees.  I had been there before, we all had.  I got out and went down the path, passing a big circular open field to my right, lower down.  It seemed like that field was the normal place people camped there, but we all had a special place we liked, further back in the woods.  I went back toward our spot, downhill.  Then it was night.  As I neared our spot, I noticed for the first time a huge wealthy house set back in the trees, with party lights on.  I was surprised, in all the times we'd come there, I had never known there was a house back there.  I saw through the trees a young woman in a white flowing dress, she was elegant, her hair done beautifully, like a long french braid.  I knew she was rich, I figured she was the daughter there, and it was apparent they were having a big party.  She went inside.  I watched the party through their windows.  The trees were very tall.  Then a man came out and said we must leave.  I'm not sure if my gang had caught up yet.  I or we protested, said we always camped there, but he said no, you can't now.  I thought of the field where everybody else camps, the ordinary place, and figured we'd have to go there, and I was not happy about it.