I was out there in the field again.  It was the spot I'd seen earlier tonight (in waking reality), driving back home.  I really felt in the surroundings I'd so intensely noticed earlier (in waking reality), but I knew it was really a symbol of being back in the oil field, in Utah.  [Lynn owned several oil wells in Utah, and we worked them together.]  It was night, very dark, and I was alone.  I was kneeling by the side of a dirt road, by a gulley or culvert.  It was rainy, and the ground was runny like I'd seen and noticed earlier out here.  I was just out there, without a car, existing outside, noticing my surroundings and the ground.  I was close to the ground.  I was glad to be there.  I felt proud somehow, or privileged, almost like when firefighting, a privileged position about being there that provides much satisfaction.  I noticed to my right there was a black car on a smaller side road.  It was behaving strangely or surreptitiously.  It would back up slowly and then stop.  It was kind of hiding behind some small trees or branches, not letting itself be seen.  And it was way too late for it to be out there for any good reason.  At first I thought I might get its attention.  I was thinking somehow I could share or show my pride or happiness at being out there.  I felt I belonged there or had a right to be there, so if the person in that car noticed me, it was okay.  I even thought I might get a ride or meet the person or something, or we would share some connection to the field.  Then it hit me how dangerous it was.  That car was hiding out or running from something or just up to no good.  And it was so late.  I was a woman alone way out here without a car.  Then I got the feeling the person in the car was actually looking for me, to harm me.  I realized how naive and stupid and dangerous it was for me to think it was okay if they saw me, that they'd just pass.  I was sure now, convinced, that the man in that car would rape me if he saw me out here alone.  I stayed still, but then tried to hide myself so he wouldn't see me.  I didn't think he'd seen me yet.  I was a little hidden already, being so low to the ground, and it was so dark.  I tried to or thought about getting lower, into the culvert below me.  If I could just get down there, I felt I could hide.  I was in that process when I saw his car move quickly, toward the dirt road I was on.  I was by then terrified, I knew he would rape me, and probably kill me out here.  I had worked myself into a panic of fear.  I woke up, feeling like it was Lynn in the car, but also a stranger.