I was with Jeff near a state border.  Not an international border, but like between Arizona and California.  It was night.  I had asked him to hold, carry, or get me some drugs.  He was holding a large quantity on him.  We were in my truck, approaching the border.  We decided he should walk this part, or get out.  I drove through the border checkpoint, and I saw him trying to walk through, to find a way.  There was a big sign that said "Hey walking guy, go through here" or something obvious.  So he went through that way and immediately the cops swooped on him.  They searched him and found the drugs and held the bag up in a big bright flood light for everyone and all the drivers to see.  It was their big score, and there was the thought that they caught many people this way, making them think that was the way through, when it was really a trap.  They handcuffed him and I could tell they were asking him who he was traveling with, they were looking for me.  I knew I could slip through unknown if I didn't reveal myself.  He started to look toward me, but he didn't want to give me away.  He was trying to protect me.  I was about to abandon him and save myself, but then I knew I couldn't leave him in that bind, when he was in trouble doing my deeds for me, they weren't even his drugs.  So I gave myself up to the cops and we went to jail.  We got long sentences, I remember one jailer telling us we'd gotten ten years.  But Lynn was in there too with us.  I don't know why he was in jail.  They let us all three stay together in jail for some reason.  It was weird being in jail with both Jeff and Lynn.  [I had chosen Lynn over marrying Jeff in 95.]  That combination and those surroundings, it didn't fit somehow, didn't make sense, why we were all three together there.  Somewhere in here, either before the border part, or as an interlude, there was a segment about being with Lynn in Thompson Utah at the motel.  It was the usual motel thing, doing things, meaningless busy projects and undesirable people (his friends) coming around, feeling buzzed and high but sort of frustrated and angry and hopeless, busy but accomplishing nothing, and everything we built getting ruined after all.  It seemed long, like a representation of our whole time together.  Many days and things happening, and everything slowly falling apart in every way.  Mostly here, there was the feeling of people coming and going, scenes of the sidewalk in front of the motel, and inside the rooms, and me wondering why I was hanging out with people like this who were so much unlike me and what I wanted in my life.  So by the time we three got in jail, it was like I had just left that long part of my life with Lynn at the motel, and all those people he knew there.  That was what was present in my life when we got to jail.  Like the border incident was just the reason or incident why I was in jail, but my being and presence had just left that long segment of living with Lynn at the motel in Thompson, and it was still present with us.  We served some time, and then the opportunity arose for us to escape.  We did not want to be in jail, and our sentences were so long.  We were shocked when we found out it was ten years.  We were landscaping or maintaining the lawn or grounds, there was a steep downhill behind the prison fence, with heavy dense brush outside the fence.  We planned our escape, scoping it out.  Then we were on the other side of the prison, another steep downhill on that side, more brush but not as dense.  We saw our opportunity, and started to escape.  The guards caught Jeff and Lynn, but didn't see me.  I knew I could still escape as planned, or I could stay and give myself up with them, and this time, instead of sticking with them and getting caught and taking the rap with them, I went ahead and got free.  I knew the guys been caught, I knew they weren't going to make the escape, and I went anyway.  Either before our escape, or right after my escape, I somehow got back to speak secretly with Lynn.  There were scenes of the prison grounds and the fields outside I would have to cross on foot, power lines.  I told him, I made it out, I'm going to escape, but I need clothes and a vehicle and probably a place to stay for my escape.  I had nothing, I felt totally stripped of all my possessions, they were all gone or stolen or missing forever, and I knew I would need a place to stay and food and clothes, a hiding place or some means or help for my escape.  I asked Lynn, can I stay at the motel on my way out in my escape, can I use the motel?  I was picturing the rooms at the motel when I asked him, but my picture of it was more like a small house by a railroad tracks or a dirt road, like a run-down house, dreary weather, with unknown people coming and going.  I pictured myself hiding out there, at night or early morning, not really telling people who I was, and being scared, but knowing I had Lynn's permission to stay, his assistance and protection, or that I could use his name in a bind, that I had a right to stay there.  I pictured myself using his clothes there, a big coat or dark shirt, maybe his vehicle, and kitchen there.  It was funny, planning all this in my mind while I asked him, it was like planning to get back to our life there somehow.  I had detailed plans in my head, I was really running away with the little details and remembering Thompson and what life was like there for us and how it would be there for me alone now, knowing it was nuts, that everything was changed, he was in jail now, with little chance of getting out, and our life and plans together couldn't possibly happen now.  Anyway, later in the dream, it didn't work out they way I pictured at all.  I thought it was interesting how I asked him and pictured it all, but then didn't do any of it anyway.  I started my escape.  It was days, and I walked.  I went by highways, overpasses, and neighborhood streets, parking lots, I went by convenience stores.  I was always looking over my shoulder.  I traveled a lot at night.  I never went to the motel or to Thompson.  It was more like a big city with neighborhoods.  A couple of times, cops came close or looked at me and I was scared.  I walked fast.  I came to a truck in a parking garage, I thought it was Lynn's and I could take it, but there was some problem unlocking it or starting it, and it was too conspicuous.  So I kept walking.  I went between some houses.  I was resourceful, I looked for food and made up stories to tell people to hide my escape.  Then I got to my house here in Chatsworth.  I think my oldest sister was there, and some other people I knew who liked me.  They knew about my escape and they helped to keep me hidden.  We kept quiet and kept the house dark.  One day we saw a cop come walking around, out the window.  I hid, and he knocked on a window or came right up next to the house.  I was sitting on the tile floor.  I saw Risk, looking huge, get up and bark this ferocious bark at him through the window.  I said to her, "Good girl, good girl" in a whisper.  The cop came in and found me and started to tell everyone, now look, cooperate and come with me.  But I got away somehow, out of the house, and ran up in the hills and paths behind the house.  I ran fast and followed paths between the rocks and brush.  I looked quick, and made quick decisions how to escape.  I was already more experienced at escaping.  I went way up the hill.  Two women were sitting in front of a boulder reading, I asked for their help and they hid me behind them and the rock and kept reading.  I could see my house down below and cops coming up the paths after me.  They didn't find me.  I waited for a good chance, thanked the women, and ran away down the paths.  I was feeling good about evading the cops.  I ran a long way, into town.  It looked like here in Woodland Hills or Canoga Park.  I saw a little car being driven by a young couple and asked them, and jumped on, it seemed like I jumped on the outside of their car, hanging on.  The cops were looking for me.  They came up, and I couldn't believe they couldn't see me, I was so obvious.  They stopped the car with the couple, but I had jumped off and ran toward a field.  At the back of the field there was a high fence and concrete drainage or aqueduct or stream.  On the other side was a building that seemed like a YMCA or public recreational building or gym.  At this point there was a small man with me.  He reminded me of Shane (friend from Thompson).  He was helping me escape, and he was becoming a good friend.  He showed me how to get over or through the fence and across the water or drainage.  We went through together, we wanted to get to that building to hide.  We got in the building.  There was a long series of hiding in different rooms and corridors, and mixing with people there to hide.  This small man was really helping me.  There was an attraction growing between us, we were in this together, he was escaping or hiding too.  We got separated at one point, I think he went to pee, and when we connected back together, we were so glad to see each other, I think we hugged each other.  The cops were there.  They kept passing me, and looking at me, I was disguised in some other clothes, but slowly they knew I was the one they were looking for.  Something about my clothes or a label or sign on my coat gave me away.  This man did everything he could to keep me hidden, but the cops finally got me, and I think him too.  It was a real adventure/ experience with him there.  We felt like we'd been through a lot together.\