I was with Lynn, felt like Utah.  We were together as a couple.  We had our little projects going, fixing things, ideas, fun times, etc.  There were bad times and good times, I think it was slowly getting worse, more fighting, more depressing.  But there were still things we wanted to do with each other.  So we stayed together.  We heard about this seminar on a new business you could run from your home.  We either went or thought about going, but it was not as good a business as we thought it might be.  Then we decided to go anyway to see what we could get from them, knowing we were not really going to try this business.  That was manipulative.  BUT what struck me was the positive, excited feeling in that class.  The other attendees, the whole feeling surrounding it was so positive about the future.  They were so mentally healthy.  And Lynn and I were being that way too, really excited (for once) about the possibilities and opportunities, doing this together, believing in ourselves and our future.  That feeling shocked me because it is so opposite from how we were.  The other thing that was significant was there was a definite message about Lynn and I running this business as a couple, that we would work closely together, that it would be OURS together.  And I remember really feeling him physically beside me in the seminar, knowing we were running a business together, and that's one of the things that was visibly exciting both of us.  There was this recurring thought of a job for TWO, or TWO projects, for a couple.  Also, an image of two little projects on my bed, waiting to be done.  Then there was the usual Lynn-type upset in plans.  Lynn and I fought or he lost his temper, and he went into hiding.  It seemed like my stuff was missing, he had stolen it, or broken it all or sold it.  I asked his family member (maybe his sister), where he was, and what he was living on.  She said he had "sold all his assets".  I know she meant little personal items, not the oil field.   So he had a little cash and had gone hiding.  But I knew he didn't have anything to sell, so I was mad that he had probably stolen my stuff or someone else's.  There was a recurring image of my house in Utah, just the bedroom, it had the two walls missing on either side of the bed, they were open, and I kept walking up there, and feeling exposed and unsafe, not protected.  It was at this point that I realized I really missed Lynn, bad.  I had been telling people how I want all ties severed, didn't care that he was gone, but really, that positive feeling and togetherness and love were still haunting me, and each time I neared my bedroom in the dream, I missed him bad.  I thought upon waking: even in conscious reality I am kidding myself about this.  I still miss him and I should admit it.  There was some other character in the dream, a Lynn friend, some undesirable character, he kept coming around by the driveway, working and projects, but nothing really getting done.  It seems like I kept backing out of the driveway and every single time, my truck would get caught on his truck or some project of his, and pull it apart, and everything would crash down and break.  I was getting sick of it.  Dad was present in this part.  Then there was a shift in the dream.  I was standing with Dad and Mom and other friends, some strangers, on a plaza thing, or near buildings.  I looked up and there was an enormous marbled-red moon in the horizon.  It blocked the entire sky, it was so close to Earth.  It was fantastically beautiful, the red and cream colored marbling was shifting, getting more beautiful.  I said, wow look at the moon.  It did not seem odd that it was so close to us, so huge.  It was just unusually beautiful.  Then later I said it again, as if I forgot that I had already pointed it out.