I was at Sarah Lawrence College, at like a ten year reunion, and it went on for days.  At the end, someone was making it difficult for me to leave.  I had set my briefcase and purse and all sorts of things up on top of a car, and they started to drive away and I was on the car or in the car and I was telling them, stop, stop, and the people in the car too were telling the driver to stop.   My stuff was falling off and it all just kind of got lost all over the street, and she (the driver) started going toward New York really fast.  I made it back somehow to Sarah Lawrence and I stayed in a room in a part of campus I didn't know real well.  I started to look for my stuff.  My briefcase with the computer was gone, and I found in a stairwell in another building on campus my guitar picks, my metal finger picks, they had fallen out of my purse so I knew my purse was around somewhere but I couldn't find it.  And some other things from my purse were there too in the stairwell.  So I went back to that room I was staying in and I knew I was a squatter there.  There was really nowhere to sleep or shower or eat, and the reunion was over, everyone had left.  There was a little goodbye ceremony at the end, and it was OVER, and I was staying on after that although I knew I needed to leave.  So I decided to go find help, try to get my stuff back, maybe someone had found it.  I found an administrative person, and I recognized her, and I said I was here ten years ago, maybe you remember me, and I came to the reunion, and my stuff fell off the car, and it's all over.  There was something about finally asking for help that was significant, like I was trying to do this all alone, and I finally asked this woman older than me for help, and it felt good.  I don't know if I ever found all my stuff, but it felt like some saving at that point when I asked for help.  Also I think I dreamed about Richard B [my boss in the new lawyer job I took near L.A.], because I was thinking about him in the morning when I woke up, maybe something sexual.  Also I dreamed about having abortions, there were so many of them and the doctor or nurse or person helping me, instead of just bringing like one maxi pad in for the process or the bleeding, she brought a whole stack of what looked like blue jeans, and there was just going to be one after another after another after another abortions, and I just felt like I was going to have way way too many of them.