I was in a house with some other people.  It was better than that Utah drug feeling, but a little similar.  It was like that feeling before things got really bad with Disch and Dennis and Leah and Jerry and those guys, before we got out of hand.  It was like, before that, when we were still getting our work done, when people were still a little responsible.  At this house, everyone had their own projects, things going on they wanted to get done.  We liked being there.  There were three bathrooms in this house, it was really large, and there were different sections coming off.  It was a nice house, it was nicer than Disch's house, it was summery, we enjoyed being there.  We felt some freedom, from schedules.  We had our own things going, like we did in Utah.  I went to take a shower, or somebody was using the shower in one bathroom, I could hear the shower running standing outside the door, I stood there for some time trying to figure out what that sound was, so I went to use the other shower in the middle bathroom, in the very middle of the house, it seemed like it was right near the front entrance area.  Somewhere in the dream, there was something about me wearing my Utah ball cap, taking it off, and then deciding to put it back on, and wondering whether that was appropriate.  Also something about Jim L (co-worker, lawyer) and what an idiot he is, how he doesn't know how to do his work, how he gives us bad information.  Also something about some guy was asking me to do things, like sign things, papers and notes, it was like an assistant feeling, and it kind of felt like Richard B (my boss), although it wasn't really clear that it was him, it was just sort of that Richard B feeling.  And I liked assisting him and finding things for him, I knew where things were.  But something about after that shower, I was nude, and he'd ask me to do things, and I'd just go into the area with the desk, the room used as an office area, nude, and I'd find things for him, and I'd look up, and he'd seem kind of embarrassed, and I'd say - this doesn't bother you that I have no shirt on, does it?  My breasts were right there.  He kind of said no, but not really "no" (that sounds like Richard).  But I liked my body, and I liked sitting around nude in front of him, so I decided to go ahead, and besides I wasn't embarrassed at all, I'm not that modest.  When I woke up, I was thinking about getting in that shower, and there was this definite memory feeling of how irresponsible we were in Utah, Lynn and I, how with Lynn in my life, we just blew everything off.  We were so irresponsible, that real irresponsible feeling, blowing things off.  And I didn't like it, I really didn't like that feeling.  Because it was really a body memory, it wasn't like, oh remember how with Lynn you used to blow everything off, it was a cellular feeling of that memory, deep in me, and that it happened a lot, and got worse as time went on.