I was supposed to make lunch for several friends or co-workers.  We had been working or moving or talking or something that day.  They had all arrived, except Lynn.  We were in my house, it seemed a lot like my Chatsworth house.  Something about it reminded me of the day of tearing the movie set down on the ranch by the Needles N.P. - working together and then having lunch.  Lynn arrived, we were all looking up at him from my living room.  We were looking up these stairs outside the front door of my house, like the entrance was below where he came up, he was at the top of the stairs outside.  He was with a petite woman who looked a lot like that young woman who works at Amwest on the third floor.  She is very slim with long dark blond hair.  I always see men around her.  I was watching him and he turned toward the woman he was with.  I started to get disbelieving or upset, and someone asked me how I knew they were seeing each other, because before apparently it had been a secret, and it was still hard to really tell for sure.  I said, because of the way he turns toward her, or the way he responds to her every question or request.  By the way he does that, I know he likes her or they are seeing each other.  He wouldn't turn with quite that attention unless they were seeing each other.  We were still watching him and he kissed or embraced the woman.  I then moved over to where I was standing right in front of their entrance.  I looked up the stairs outside at him and gave him this look, like, my god, I can't believe you did that right in front of me, you kissed her like that, don't you know I saw the whole thing?  They did not come into the house after that.  They were both too embarrassed.  We talked about it among us, everyone.  Someone mentioned how Lynn goes through women quickly, how he uses them and then dumps them and never cares.  Someone else then said, yeah, but this woman he'll have a hard time doing that with.  This woman will make it really hard for him to get away that easily.  Meaning, she is the type that will hang on to him with various tactics, who will make it impossible for him to break away.\