We were going through the move to the new office building with Amwest.  We all went to the new building, but actually many of the offices seemed like they were outside or in open air.  They were more separated office spaces, with wall or empty space in between, and uphills and downhills in between.  I had just hired Maria [as I did yesterday], and I.S. (Information Services) had put my old computer in her space.  I went to her space, thinking it was mine, because my computer was there, but then realized it was Maria's office.  I found my new office space.  The new computer I.S. had put there had a huge monitor, huge screen, it was almost too big, more like a big TV.  It wasn't hooked up yet.  I realized I really wanted the space I had thought was mine (Maria's), down the hill, then I further realized that I would rather have Maria's job as well, instead of mine - less stress and responsibility.  All the employees were checking out the new space / building - we went into hallways and storage areas, I was looking for storage cupboards, and didn't really find any suitable.  It was still half-finished - insulation and dust and boards still around.  We checked out the bathrooms and showers, all the different rooms and meeting areas, a big amphitheater.  Then some of us were going up in this attic area.  There was an enormous waterbed up there, we knew it was Richard S's, the president's space, it was all set up like a big lounge or bedroom, nice furnishings and lighting.  This waterbed took up the size of a warehouse floor, it had to be 50 feet wide and long.  The waterbed was rolling up like waves and then rolling out like a big wave coming toward us at the wall.  Dad was there too, checking out this room.  We got smushed against the waterbed as it rolled into us, then it rolled back up again, then the next time it rolled to smush us, I ducked under it to avoid getting smushed, and went back downstairs.  We were shown to our new offices and then I had a different new office, not the private office I had earlier.  I was put in an upstairs office with no windows, there were 8 or 9 other employees and small desks in there too, and they were grouped in fours facing each other.  Mine was at the end by the wall.  I noticed I was working in bright fluorescent lights.  In fact it seemed extraordinarily, annoyingly bright and detailed.  I hated this but no one else seemed to mind.  We started working, and because of the desk setup, everyone was talking constantly to each other over the desks.  They were all loud and obnoxious.  The woman across from me in our group of four said something to all four of us, (the other two were men).  She was totally weird, the way she talked and the subject matter was inappropriate or too personal or insecure.  I was giving looks to the two other guys like, whoa, what is her deal, she was so weird, she made us all uncomfortable.  I couldn't work and was so annoyed, and felt betrayed because I had thought the other office was mine, by myself.  I realized I was in exactly the situation I had refused to be in.  I realized I had been promised and shown a private office, but then not gotten one.  At 12:00 lunch time or 5:00 quitting time, everyone got up at once and crowded together to get to the door or lunch.  I was amazed at how sheep-like they all were, and I just sat looking at them, at their backs crowding together, in amazement.  I could not work this way.  I went to the manager or boss, it looked like Nadine at FelCor (my previous law job for 8 months while in Texas).  But I knew that Barbara L (my awesome boss at FelCor) was the real boss over her, expecting Nadine would tell or call Barbara and get me moved.  I told her the work environment made it hard for me to work, and said everyone talks the whole time, I can't work in there.  She looked at me and said something like, yeah everyone has complaints, it's just like breathing.  I answered, well, breathe this: I quit.  Iwas quitting the job, but expected Barbara or someone to come and ask me to stay.  I went back to the upstairs office and waited for a bit.  No one came to talk about me staying, so I quit.