I was in my house doing things, seemed like unpacking or just being here.  Then I came home and Mike D (short-term boyfriend) had arranged a surprise party for me, and people were already arriving.  This house had more stories, it had staircases and other floors, more balconies or patio areas.  I was upset.  The house is still unpacked, there are boxes everywhere.  It's a mess, and besides, I thought I told Mike I do not like surprises.  Mike had cleaned up for hours before I got there.  He had just stuffed piles and boxes of stuff in closets or places, so it would be cleared out.  He did a good job, it did look better, but I was still upset, my stuff was all in different places.  I felt like I wanted to hide.  In fact, I did not even go to him or be with him during the whole party.  I went and hid in an upstairs bedroom, looking at all my stuff.  Some woman came in and was pulling out a drawer of my stuff, she was still cleaning and preparing for the party.  But the drawer just kept coming out and coming out, section after section, it made turns all the way out of the room, one big long drawer.  I told her to stop, put it back.  It seemed endless, hopeless, all the things I need to get in order.  Then there was a long involved series of being at different places, motel rooms, motel bathrooms, talking with others, walking on the street at night.  Going back and forth to different places, night.  Some guy was going to visit someone in prison or jail, and I wanted to go see him too.  The guy was discouraging it, he felt the jail would be rough, dangerous or upsetting to me, not a good place for me to visit.  I still wanted to go.  I was trying to put my hair up, I kept trying over and over to get it in a french twist that starts from the bottom, nape of neck, with the front part downward.  I wasn't happy with it every time I got it up, and took it out and started over, conscious that we needed to go, that the guy was waiting impatiently for me.  I realized I hadn't washed my hair, that if I went to jail with the guy we'd probably be there all day and it would just look gross by the end of the day.  I was in a large motel bathroom putting up my hair, and a couple came in like it was a public or lobby bathroom.  They noticed my personal items on a shelf and said, who's bathroom is this, or isn't this the lobby bathroom.  I said no, it's my room.]