I went with my oldest sister and a man, who felt like a new lover of mine, like Mike, that new.  And we went to a hotel, not to stay, we were doing something else there.  Something happened before we went to the hotel, or the motel, that prompted it, that made me need to do something at the motel.  So I went there with my oldest sister and this guy, and he looked kind of like Rick C (short-term housemate in Moab), but it was a new love, like Mike.  And I started getting really sick of them, I started not wanting to be around the guy.  It just wasn't right, it wasn't feeling matched up.  And then my oldest sister started being rude to me, she'd be snotty rude, and so when I got the chance I left them, and ditched them, went my own way.  I didn't tell them where I was going, I just ditched them.  And I went on these stairs, and so I was looking at my feet on the stairs, at that moment, going up the stairs.  And then I got myself into the end of the hallway stairwell, so that I was really hidden and I could get away from them, and they'd never find me, for a long time.  The motel was about five or six stories high and I was going to walk all the way up to the top.  So I was walking up this stairwell.  It was kind of an old motel, it wasn't all run down and gross, but it wasn't new or anything.  It had kind of a big feeling but it was kind of run down.  And so the stairs were concrete or metal, concrete, yeah concrete.  I got to a landing up near the top, near where they put stuff that's been . . . like a lost and found.  Or just, they put stuff that's been left there, forgotten.  [I did go Wednesday to Thompson, and all the stuff I left in my cabin in Castle Valley was in that little wood house next to Lynn's motel.  it was really weird to see my stuff, my bath powder, lotion, very feminine stuff, my cactus.  It's been sitting in there over the WHOLE WINTER.]  Anyway, I came to this landing, and there was stuff on a table, like an old table, it was all just sort of left there.  Part of it was employee stuff, for the motel.  Part of it was just stuff that had been left there.  And there were letters from Lynn, on the table.  Some of them were like the letters that he wrote about the oil field, to Spear and the sheriffs, those really rant and rave, you done me wrong and you'll pay, kind of letters.  And some of them had sweet things about me in them.  I mean, my name was in them, and I was reading them - realizing that information about me and my name, was out here, for anyone to see, it had been sitting out in this motel, and anybody could read about it.  It made me feel weird, sad, about the broken dreams.  Because there were sweet things in those letters.  And it was even more clear to me, or it is now, that it's not black and white, it never will be, I can't . . . .  I would love to be able to say he's an asshole, I'm glad I'm gone.  But it's not that black and white, and it never will be.  Then there were also these horrible letters on the table.  The lighting in this stairwell was kind of, it was like light from a high window coming through frosted glass.  Kind of like morning light.  And the feeling was that, there was something about this being the employee area, that I was going up to hide out with the employees.