I go back to my room in the house on Park Road in Moab.  As I walk up the front step, I look down and remember Risk coming in the house this way, up this step, every day.  I miss her, and am sad.  I go in the house and straight back to my room.  Paula and someone are sitting in the living room, and I give them this little "hi" and keep going, I don't look directly at them.  I have some permission to go back there and get my stuff or clean it or something, so I don't worry about being allowed there.  I go in the room.  It is a little dark.  Same blue carpet and pink walls.  At first, it is empty.  The south (back) wall has no window in this dream, and there is writing on the wall.  I go read it.  At the top is written "About Tara Collins", in pencil and black marker or paint.  To the left and below this is a pencil drawing of my face, smiling.  I know it was drawn from a picture, I recognize the stance.  It is well-done.  There is another drawing of my face further left, not smiling.  Below that there are two photos of Lynn I have never seen before, pinned to the wall.  It is apparent to me that Lynn had been coming in there, or living in there after I left, and he had done this wall of me and us, like he missed me and was putting things up to remind him.  I look on the back of the pictures of him, and there is a sticker from a Colorado photo lab.  He was in Colorado after I left, I think to myself.  I look at his pictures.  They are of him outside, some activity or driving, spontaneous shots.  He looks happy in them.  I am entranced.  I miss him, looking at those photos.  The whole thing is weird, coming back in here and finding this recording and memorabilia of me and us, realizing he has been in here a lot after I left.  I am startled by it, but fascinated too.  This part is very vivid, highly focused, on the pictures.  I go to the closet and there are all these clothes of mine still in there.  The closet is on the east wall in this dream, like in the room next door, and it's a long closet.  I am a little shocked that this stuff was left, and start going through them, a sheepskin jacket, shorts, shirts.  I start pulling them out, I need to clear this room out, get all my stuff back.  Now there is a bed in the room, but it's head is on the north wall.  It is a big bed, nicer than the one I had.  I start putting clothes on the bed.  I feel how big a job I have, clearing out and cleaning this room.  I think maybe some of the clothes must be Lynn's.  The drawings and photos are still on the wall throughout the dream.  I have some of the same feelings I had (in reality) in that room, the room was very recognizable not only for how it looked but how I felt in there.