I am camping with my oldest sister, I think my middle sister, and Dad, in an area like Utah.  We have a big Winnebago-type trailer.  We are stopped for a rest or to camp.  My oldest sister and I go walking and pass back and forth beside this little lake, some people there.  Then we're back at the Winnebago.  There is nothing going on, or I am frustrated at the lack of activity.  I want to go running, and swimming in that lake, even though it was kind of dirty, I don't even care, I want to exert myself, do some physical activity.  There is some issue with locking the doors of the Winnebago.  I know Dad will want them locked, but he is inside a store or gas station.  I try to lock the big sliding door on the side and it won't stay locked.  I have the keys with me.  I tell my oldest sister I can't lock the side door.  I lock the front doors and go anyway, to run and swim.  I have on my firefighting clothes, and I am carrying things, the rest of my firefighting outfit, straps, and parcels, I am hoping to drop off on the way.  They are kind of bulky but I am determined that I can run with them anyway.  I come to a steep uphill, and I really push myself up it, running up it carrying all this stuff.  I am aware that people can see me, and that they recognize my fire clothes.  Near the top I am using my hands to pull myself up over the top.  I feel accomplishment pushing myself to run up it.  I can see the top edge of this hill/cliff close up, as I pull myself over it.  I come to a little house or restaurant.  There are people who know me here, from firefighting.  I go in to finish dressing, rearrange things, or drop off some of this stuff.  People recognize me and welcome me in, they remember me from firefighting, they say hey Tara the firefighter, it's you, how are you?  It is a good feeling, like in Moab, where people knew me for my accomplishments.  I go in a back bedroom to dress or change, so I can run better.  I'm going to run to that lake and swim.  This man who knows me from before sees me, he says hi, nice to see you again.  He lives there.  He now has two kids, one a baby, and he's looking after the baby.  He says I'm going to sing you a song, to welcome you back.  He starts to sing and play guitar in another bedroom, while watching the baby boy on the bed.  Their door is open.  I remember this man, before when I knew him when I lived there, he had liked me or had a crush on me.  So I'm thinking, whatever, and I keep on dressing and arranging my clothes.  I'm a little put off by his acts because tho he used to like me, now he's got kids and a wife, so why is he paying me any attention.  I think he shouldn't.  I just ignore him.  He sees I'm not paying attention, so he comes in the room where I am, and lays down on the bed.  He is watching something on TV.  On TV is a guy who throws out the food his wife has prepared for him in this creative way, where the food runs down little tracks to the dogs outside the door.  The guy beside me comments on it, something like, yeah I did that too, isn't that clever.  At the same time I'm thinking 'what a jerk' about the guy on TV.  I don't say anything.  I am now adjusting straps on my clothes, my fire clothes, around my waist and hips, and I am tucking in shirt ends.  I am laying down.  I am pulling the straps, and tugging them tighter around my hips, pulling the catches.  It reminds me of climbing straps, but also of the Uluri, the way it tugs around my waist.  I am hot and thinking about running, getting high on endorphins, and then swimming in that Utah lake.  Something about tugging those straps and thinking about swimming in water gets me really turned on, I get close to orgasm.  Maybe something also about this guy laying next to me in bed, even tho I don't care about him, still it's a guy in bed next to me, and it's turning me on.  I want to come, the orgasm is close, I feel it, but I don't want to with this guy there.