I escaped from being detained somewhere, people trying to hold me captive, not clear.  I ran away when I got the opportunity, and they gave chase.  But they were not prepared, and scrambled to get up and chase.  I was quick, and found ways around and through halls, shiny metal, and outside, and ducked them.  I ran across streets, and saw a health club.  I went in there.  It was a really ritzy health club, very nice.  I went in the women's dressing/shower room, and figured I could stay there, that they would not find me there.  Plus it had showers and beds, everything I would need to stay for a while.  This dressing room had beds, and at the back different rooms with doors, very fixed up and nice.  There were people in there socializing, men too, like it was a coed dressing room.  I decided to stay in one of the back rooms for a while, there were two or three beds and people there.  After a while I knew some of the people, and we would talk.  One night, I was with them, and among them was with a man who was my friend.  A girl came over to us, a very mean girl, she had high heels on, and she did something to this man who was my friend.  I couldn't see exactly what she was doing, but the man was obviously being hurt, he was like paralyzed or convulsing, but rather still, and it looked like she was stepping on his throat with her high heel.  She left, uncaring.  I immediately went to him, and looked at his throat.  I had to part the black hair of his beard to see, and there was blood slowly coming out his throat.  I couldn't really see what she had done, but I figured it was bad.  I took his face in my hands, held his head, and looked in his eyes, almost panicked now, saying his name -"Gabe, Gabe", over and over.  I was really scared he would die.  I asked him, should I call 911, and his eyes said yes.  What struck me at this point was that the man and I had been friends, but the way I felt about him now was more.  I realized I had been saying we were friends, but that there was much more to it, that I was not admitting to myself or to him how much I really loved him.  I mean I really loved him, wanted him to be mine, and would despair if he died or was really hurt.  It was such a change from what I had believed we were - just friends, this tragedy was like showing me that I wanted more, that I loved him, and I should stop kidding myself about it, go for it all the way, allow myself to feel all those feelings fully.  The man was Jewish, very small.  He had qualities like all the men I've ever been with.  He was like a combination of all my past men.  I rushed to get to a phone.  At this point, we were in a house, but not our house, a friend's house, other people were there, a big house.  Kind of like where people came and went, gathered to meet and party.  I was not familiar with it, did not know where the phones or light switches were.  I finally found a phone, but it was like a little credit card, and I couldn't figure out how it worked.  I was frustrated and struggling to get it to dial.  It had no keypad, no numbers.  Everything in this house was new technology.  I went looking for another phone.  When I couldn't figure out the first phone, I went back and got Gabe and put him on my back, so I could keep watch over him and care for him while I got help.  He was so small that he could fit and ride on my back easily.  I wanted him close to me.  His head was slumped on my neck, and I walked stooped over, to keep him comfortable there.  I was very conscious of standing up straight, because he was there on my back and it would change his position.  I thought him being face-down might be bad, that I should turn him over to help stop the blood, but I really wanted him with me so I could watch over him all the while.  Every once in a while, I would call his name, ask if he was okay.  He would answer a little mmm hmm, or a soft word back.  He was almost unconscious.  I really wanted to care for him, like that feeling with Risk, taking care of someone.  I checked on him and kept him close to me.  I couldn't find any phones in this house.  I asked another woman there, and she was so unconcerned, like "whatever", she wouldn't tell me.  I found another phone, it was a card like the first.  But somehow I called, and right after that, the emergency people came for Gabe.  I was relieved when they walked in so quick.  They all wore different colored uniforms.  It was pitch dark in the house.  They walked in, surprised it was dark.  I was right there with Gabe on my back, he was almost passed out by now, and I said, "I'm right here.  I don't live here, I don't know where the lights are."  First they were surprised and cautious, it was so dark in there.  They took Gabe and checked him.  It was serious but he would be okay, they said.  Then I left.  I was going home in the Jeep, with two other women with me up front.  I drove up a windy mountain road.  The accelerator stuck on the jeep, like it used to, and I braked, but it still stuck.  I reached down to unstick it like I used to, punched it, nothing worked.  It was accelerating on its own, and braking wasn't slowing it down.  I kept hitting the brakes.  I started to go off to the right, almost hit a sign, and swerved to the left, overcompensating.  It was getting more out of control.  I said to my passengers, "I should just stop", and right then, we swerved off the road on the left.  We went over the side of the road.  I looked to see if it was just a ditch, what was ahead, and as the jeep went over, I saw the huge bottomless canyon below us, and the Jeep drove off into it.  It was thousands of feet deep, a narrow deep gorge, the walls smooth Utah rock.  I knew I would die.  Although shocked, I was okay with that.  I just figured I would die now.  I felt bad for my passengers, though, since they probably did not want to die.  I knew the impact would be horrible, but figured I would die now, before we hit bottom.  I started to die, I felt myself slipping from this world, blacking out and moving on to something else.  I looked for the light, to go toward it, and there were some faint white lights in front of me.  I wondered which one to go toward.  I told myself to just go toward the light, and just then, the whole scene in front of me turned into millions of colored lights, bright, intense, and all different colors.  It filled my whole vision, infinity.  I woke up.  Also either before or after this dream, was a dream about pink sunsets and clouds, the pink light going behind clouds, lighting up a cloud from behind, and watching it do that several times.