I went to the Ralph's on Topanga, because I like that store better.  And I left my purse in the grocery basket.  I was looking for something, and I remembered my purse was there unprotected, so I went back, and it was gone, and I looked up and this guy was walking off with it, quickly.  So I said stop, that's my purse, and it was like I couldn't yell loud enough, I was blocked or inhibited from yelling as loud as I needed to.  A male guard (round, heavy) saw me, and shouted to another guard up toward the front, because the guy was already running out the door.  And a few minutes later they brought the guy back in with my purse, actually they brought him in by dragging him in with my purse strap around his neck.  I thought at first the front guard who had caught the guy was male, but it was a female, I found out later.  This was revealed to me later slowly and gradually, by little clues.  She was just a really large female who looked like a male, and she kept having to lay down or sit down against a back wall by the back stairs leading down, like she was pregnant or sick or something.  She'd comment on her condition, kind of laughing.  The other guards already knew she was pregnant or sick.  I was embarrassed for having assumed she was male at first, but I didn't ever let her know.  It was only a surprise to me.  Then they asked me if I could appear in court, did I want the fast track or a full trial, and I said well, the fast track I guess (since I'm moving).  They were explaining some procedures or paperwork or the court system.  I said I am an attorney, and that didn't seem to make any impression on them, almost like they didn't hear me.  When I told them that, I was standing looking down at the female guard as she was laying down against the wall, so I was almost leaning over her, or talking to her from above.  Then they wanted to give me gifts, for going through this theft, and to celebrate having caught the guy.  It was like their store procedure, when this happened.  And what they had to choose from, they brought out 2 big firefighter shirts, and asked did I want one.  I said, wow I used to be a firefighter, I'd love one of those.  They had the old kind and the new kind, and I picked the new kind because it's a better material.  It was all stained and messy, but clean.  Way too big for me.  Then they cleaned off my purse, because the guy had bled from a cut on his throat on the strap.  I think they took it downstairs to clean it off.  And I was really grateful they had caught him.