I have to go somewhere, school.  Putting together furniture - an old familiar piece, little drawers, an antique, with my middle sister and Dad.  We knew this piece from long ago.  I'm running late, but I want to take the furniture with us.  It was like I discovered it up in an upstairs room, rediscovered it.  I went to the ocean with Risk.  I knew she was sick or would die soon.  I knew she had already died in this dream, but in the dream, she had come back to life.  We went swimming in the ocean.  I looked over and she was passing out and sinking in the ocean, her head going under.  I swam over and got her, picked her up, and carried her out onto the beach.  I was worried, I wanted to resuscitate her, but didn't know how, just kept wishing and telling her to breathe again.  I thought wishing and telling her, the power of my love and want, would bring her back.  About then I was wondering about how she'd already died in December and that she was back, how odd that was.  Like: then how do we ever know if anyone is dead, if they can come back to life.  I was holding her in my arms walking up the beach.  A boy came over, bugging me.  I told him meanly twice - "go away."  I wanted to be alone with her.  She was heavy.  I wanted to sit down with her in my lap on the sand, try to get her back to life, but I knew it was too late.  It had been too long since she stopped breathing.  I sank to the sand with her, held her close.  I loved holding her close, her body.  The love I felt between us, even with that pain, absolute fulfilling love for her, was almost sweet.  Although I was heartbroken and distraught about her death, there was something calm and sweet about the fullness and intensity of love I could feel for her.  The capacity of it even in this sad time, was incredible and I loved loving her and caring for her.   I thought about the wiseness of taking her swimming when she was sick.  But I knew she'd want to go to the limit with me, just like in Utah, no matter what.  Large feelings of taking care of her, she was my child, her depending on me.  Nice burden.  A welcome burden.