First, I was laying by a cliff or slot canyon with a guy, maybe Scott, we were making out on a rock, laying down with our feet toward the drop-off.  It looked just like the Moab area.  A mountain biker rode up toward us on the other side of the chasm.  I think he had sunglasses on.  He motioned to us or spoke to us, about how he was going to jump across it, or should he jump across it.  He was bugging us, and a little obnoxious, I just wanted him to leave us alone.  Then he tried to jump across the slot canyon.  I saw him jump, and I heard his feet hit the lip edge of our side as they scraped past it, he missed the edge, he didn't make it, and fell in.  I was looking up a little, so I heard it and saw it, but my guy did not see it.  However, he could tell from my expression that the biker guy had not made it.  We just kept making out and playing around, we didn't even want to tell anyone or help the guy or anything.  And I pretty much knew he was dead.  So later on I got up to look in, to see the biker guy, and he was laying down there at the bottom of the slot canyon.  But he was still attached to a seat that had pegs in it, like an airline seat, as if he had been ejected off the bike too early.  I thought he had wanted to jump across it, because he had said, how about if I jump this cliff, but when I looked into the canyon, it looked almost like, and I got the feeling like, he had been ejected by some other force, before trying to jump, with the seat still attached to him.  Next I was at work, and it was just a big empty white room with just a chair, with a harder, barer look and feel than my office, but still nice.  People were coming in to talk to me in private, and the HR woman came in to ask about my hours, and I went and got my raw billing sheet with the post-its on it.  From the day she asked about, which was August 8, to the present, all the post-its were black and you couldn't read them.  [August 8 is the day I met Scott.]  Also there was a clique there of certain guys and girls that would hang out there together and do things together, joke with each other, and as the dream went on, I was becoming less and less a part of the clique, and sort of being outcast.  They wouldn't joke with me anymore.  At some point in that empty room, with another woman there, there was a clipboard or a sheet of paper, and at the top were two dead baby geckos, and they had obviously been cooked in an oven, shriveled up and kind of curled in a circle, and dead.  I asked the HR woman something about it, like, did you need this kind of species of gecko, and she said no.  Next part - Scott and I were camping, and we were laying in the back of the truck.  He wanted to drive down the road backwards, like facing out the back.  He could maneuver the car somehow while sitting in the back, almost telepathically.  And he was doing a really good job, but it was still scaring me.  So I asked him to pull over and stop, so we did.  Some image of a parking garage.  We ended up going to this little festival thing, it had booths and stuff, one of the booths was selling Moab 'pink things' (like the popsicles at Six Flags, but with Moab motif).  Also there was a booth with earrings.  We walked around.  And I got mad at him because I had wanted to keep camping and not go in a city, and now we were in a city.