I had a marriage arranged for me.  The feeling was that I had had such poor luck getting married, and I was 32, so it was decided I should just have one arranged.  That it wasn't working the normal way, me trying to meet someone and get married, so we had one arranged.  Everyone was in on it, the whole family.  I did not know the guy, did not even know who they had picked out when the wedding came.  It was a big wedding, outside, very festive, lots of people there, kids, people I didn't know.  I was helping set up and prepare, greeting guests.  Then I realized I better go get dressed for the wedding.  I had no idea what to wear.  I thought of the buff-colored filmy vintage dress, but it was too ridiculous, to costumey, plus, someone said he would be dressed rather casual.  I went up to a high room, almost castle-like, that overlooked all the wedding festivities going on below and started trying on dresses.  I pulled out dress after dress and tried them on, I was getting anxious, feeling I would be late. I thought, 'just pick one', but I wanted to look great for the wedding.  I felt like I had gotten lost in time deciding on a dress, and forgetting about the wedding.  I had almost decided on a dark purple shift that set off my figure nicely, one of the first ones I picked out.  Then Mom and others or a sister came in to help, and I kept trying on more.  I tried on an outfit Mom had given me, it was a real groovy sixties gold shiny pants and a top, totally weird.  I decided against it.  I thought about borrowing either of my sisters' wedding dress, but they were too formal.  Finally I realized I was just spending way too much time deciding on a dress, that the ceremony needed to go, and that was the most important thing.  I think I decided on the purple shift, but walking out the door I remembered the fuschia short tank dress I had wanted to wear for my wedding with Jeff, but it was too late, and it needed to be ironed, so I went on.  I don't remember the ceremony.  But afterward I got to meet my new husband.  He was Latino, good-looking in a cute way, very nice smile, mustache I think.  He had that compact small body to which I used to be very attracted, like David M's.  I was quite happy with him, and he liked me.  His name was Ramon Santiago I think.  The way we finally met was some custom in this type of wedding.  It was the wedding night, and I came to his bed which was a single bed, to join him.  But everyone else's beds were all lined up in one big room, all the families and guests, all in one room, so it wasn't private with him.  I laid down beside him.  I liked his smile, his body.  I was very happy with this marriage.  I was thinking how wonderful this was turning out.  We kissed, and he got so turned on when we kissed and I touched him, like I was driving him crazy and he couldn't wait to make love.  He showed me that I was driving him crazy and really turning him on, he didn't hide it, and he smiled at me a lot.  He was like a kid almost, really wanting it.  I realized I loved that from a man, that kind of reaction, going crazy for sex, getting really turned on anticipating sex, really wanting me.  I also realized I have really been missing that reaction with men, that lately I don't get that reaction, of really wanting sex and showing it, like he can't wait, the anticipation making him crazy.  I thought what a good choice was made, that we really liked each other, and as the dream went on, how well we got along.  I was happy about this marriage and the choice made for me.  But I was curious too, how I could fail to get along with men I myself had picked out, but could hit it off so well with an arranged marriage.  I don't think we made love that first night.  The next day there was some conversation with sisters or women in a nearby room, near a couch, don't remember.  I couldn't quite remember his name, and didn't want to ask him, as that would be embarrassing.  The women said:  just ask him, he probably doesn't remember yours either.  But I couldn't, and I tried to think up some way to find out his name again.   The next night I went to his bed again, the single bed.  I laid down with him, we were still so happy.  I asked him about his last name, trying to get him to say his whole name.  He pronounced it for me, with Spanish accent, I repeated it, and he said, yes, right.  An understanding that our two cultures and languages could come together.  Then these five little girls came running up, jumped on the bed, and in some custom in this type of marriage, they all stood up and peed naked straight at us, as a joke on the new married couple in bed.  We laughed and tried to duck under the covers from the pee.  But then one of them also shitted on us, Ramon reacted to it with some disgust, my head was under the cover so I didn't see the shit but I heard his reaction.  I felt close to him knowing I could tell what had happened just from his reaction.  Then some other adult came and threw more little shits on us from the side of the bed.  It was all a joke, but went a little far.  We weren't angry.  But I looked over to the beds beside us and I thought, those are double beds, why can't we have a double bed for a couple, not this silly single bed.  So I suggested to Ramon that we go to a motel somewhere else since this bed was now dirty, as a way of getting us some privacy and a double bed, without directly asking for those things.  It was a sense of satisfaction to me to be able to suggest getting what I wanted (double bed, privacy), using these circumstances (pee and shit on this bed), without telling my husband what to do.  It was a couple/relationship satisfaction.  In other words, I was glad there would be no fuss resulting from the fact that I wanted something different from his custom; I just used the other circumstances to prompt it.  Ramon agreed, and I felt great at how well we got along and made decisions easily together.  [Note Feb. 2012:  Wow, that sounds so manipulative. Why didn't I just ask for what I wanted directly, instead of playing this game?]  Ramon got up, and wrote a little maid service-needed note about the bed, we started walking to the elevator to leave, and he gave it to a maid we passed, who read it and grimaced but smiled too at the married couple.  I was feeling so glad that Ramon could take care of this, could take charge of the situation, do what needed to be done, lead the way, make decisions and follow through on them.  I was feeling glad for the help in taking charge of things, relieved I do not have to take care of everything myself anymore.  We drove in separate cars, which now seems funny.  I was following his van, down a highway, under a highway.  We came to a motel and decided to eat dinner first.  There was a feeling of caring, a new-couple feeling, where we cared about what the other wanted.  There was a feeling of getting to know each other, and that togetherness came slowly but surely (driving in separate cars).  There was a feeling of communication and understanding growing between us (suggesting leaving the wedding room).  I wanted broccoli and it was late so the waitress had to bring it out again, as stuff was already put away.  Then Ramon said he wasn't hungry.  We felt close.  The dream ended, but I am positive we got a double bed there.