I was in my office at Amwest, almost like living in there.  It was bigger, I spent a lot of time there, nights and days, I knew it well.  Sometimes it was bedroom-like.  I knew it was part of a bigger place, but it was my room.  I went over the dimensions, comparing it to some room that Lynn and I had, or my house outside of Tucson, like measuring it visually, then saying, yes, it's the same size, or smaller in width, as my bedroom in Tucson.  When I measured it, it had a bed.  Most of the time it had my desk.  Something about a closet in there too, or a dress, can't remember now.  Main thing was I really checked it out, was aware of every part of it, including how it made me feel.  I liked it, I was comfortable and felt good in there.  It was my place in a part of a bigger place, and something about that feeling reminded me of Lynn.  Although I was comfortable and liked it, there was something weird about it.  I felt almost hidden back in there, my little world, knowing and understanding it well, all it meant to me, but not venturing out to the rest of the bigger place.  Or feeling not allowed to venture out of that place, like I was supposed to stay in there.  Diane (a legal secretary there) came in and said, you have to pick what hours you will be working, 7:30 to 4:30, or 8 to 5, or 8:30 to 5:30.  I was like, what the fuck, I'm leaving (quitting), what does it matter now?  I told her this.  She understood, but it was policy, she had to get my hours.  I picked 8:30 to 5:30, knowing how utterly ridiculous that was, and that I wouldn't stick to set hours anyway.  I felt a little invaded, it was my room, now there were restrictions coming in.  I wanted her to leave because her presence ruined what the room was to me, the feelings I had developed in there.  I knew I had to leave soon and I think I was sad or upset about having to move, not about leaving Amwest, but just moving again in general, that upset to my life and what I've built up, although this was not clear.  Diane was explaining something about policy or me leaving, getting me to understand something, and she uncovered the desk top, and drew a large figure on there, seemed like a woman, across the whole width of the desk.  At first I was shocked and mad, like, don't draw on the desk wood, but then I realized there were already drawings all over it, she was just adding to or drawing over the existing ones, so it didn't matter.  It seemed, or was suggested, that the prior drawings were done by Jim L (an attorney there).  It was humorous that I felt so much propriety toward my desk at Amwest.  Then something she said further about the drawing, or I realizing that I was leaving, made it really not matter.  There was some transition to the my childhood home.  My family was there, we were in the kitchen by the door and formica table.  Mom had said casually, there is some cake if anyone wants some.  They were two sponge cakes on the table, loaf type, one was lemon, and one darker, maybe chocolate or raisin.  I took a piece of the lemon and it started dissolving right in the bowl.  Like it had no substance at all.  As soon as you cut a piece, it dissolved away, disappeared.  The darker one did too, but much slower.  I thought this was strange and alarming.  You couldn't keep it material, and you certainly couldn't eat it.  At another point, I went to investigate the reasons for this dissolving, I wanted to get to the bottom of this.  I went to the side of the table near the tall windows, there was a cake there.  I tried to take a piece of the lemon cake real quick, to catch it before it dissolved, but it dissolved too, as soon as I cut it, separated it from the cake, and put it on a fork, although not as fast as the first one.  It seemed defective.  I never did figure it out, but I think I told Mom.  Also, there was some feeling when I took the piece real quick about compulsiveness about eating, especially with unhealthy foods.  The way I took it, was almost secretive or compulsive.  Then Thor (our dog in my childhood) came to me so I got down in front of him on his level on the floor.  There was something Dad and I couldn't quite decide:  if this was Thor or Risk, but it seemed like Thor.  His beautiful black lab head and ears were right there.  He was really happy to see me and we hugged each other back and forth.  He hugged me too.  I would reach out and hug him, and he'd reach back and hug me.  I almost felt like I was back with Risk and I loved it.  As we hugged, I was getting thoughts from him telepathically.  Then slowly they turned into a voice speaking to me.  I suddenly realized my dog was actually speaking to me.  No one else could hear it, but it was Thor speaking to me, in my head, more than just the thoughts as I'd felt earlier.  They were reassuring, comforting sentences, telling me things were okay, and what to do at this time.  He'd look at me between hugs as he spoke to me in my head.  I felt really good, really cared for, loved.  When I realized he was speaking to me, I started responding out loud, with Yes, All right, sure, Okay, after his sentences.  I was vaguely aware that my family was observing and that they thought it was odd, but I knew they could tell I was hearing him speak, and that I was answering him.  Then I realized Thor's voice was Scott's voice.  The tone and accent were unmistakably Scott.  I woke up with Scott's voice in my head, not able to decide if the words were from Thor using Scott's voice, or from Scott using the body of Thor.