I was camping or on an outing with my oldest sister and Dad.  We were in a big flat field, and had a van or Volkswagen bus.  There were high mountains to the left.  Dad left.  My oldest sister and I were in the van.  It was getting near night and we were going to sleep there.  I looked outside to the left and from over the mountains it looked like a storm was coming in, clouds were there, we felt it was a big snowstorm.  I thought it was pretty, that scene of the mountains, sky and clouds at sundown.  Then as we watched, a huge glob of snow came out of the sky from the left and splattered right on the van.  It hit really hard, we could feel and hear the impact.  We got a little anxious.  Then another bigger glob came hurling out of the sky.  We could watch these globs come right at us, the rest of the sky was empty.  They each fell right on the van and around us.  The big snow globs came hurling all the way across the sky to hit, splatter and cover us, like they had us as a target.  I never saw one hit anywhere else.  It wasn't like a snowstorm, with snow everywhere.  It was individual, separate globs of snow that you could watch.  Then one big one came, accompanied by wind or such huge force that it knocked the van over, so that it was half way on its side, leaning diagonally, not completely on its side, but enough for us now to be really worried.  We kind of knew, watching that one coming, that it was stronger and would probably knock the van over, we weren't sure how far it would go.  I think it stopped falling over halfway because of the snow holding it up on the other side.  At this point I had an aerial view of the van tilted over in the field, being covered by snow.  I felt like I needed a better view, because the windows were covered with snow so I couldn't see outside.  From the outside it looked like a van, from the inside it looked like a Volkswagen bus.  Another big glob of snow was hurled, it hit with impact and covered us.  Now inside the van, I showed my oldest sister how we could open the windows and kick or hit the screens to pop the snow off, like you would do inside a tent.  I wanted to keep at least a little tunnel out.  We were becoming completely covered.  Since the windows faced up now, I was trying to pop off the snow upwards.  My oldest sister was trying to figure out some other way to get us uncovered.  We did not want to get out of the van, it would have been more dangerous to be exposed to that force.  And it was obviously incredibly cold out now.  But the van was becoming buried, we were feeling claustrophobia creeping in.  I had a thought that Dad was supposed to come back in the morning, or that he knew where we were, so he could always get us uncovered somehow.  There were feelings that maybe we were stuck and would be buried alive, but also feelings that it was temporary and we would get out.  There was a feeling that the snow had a  force or will of its own, like an intelligent force of nature, targeting us, and hurling like that.  I was in Wisconsin with Rob at his house.  Rob had finally decided he wanted to be with me, and I had gone up there.  I was glad about this.  His house was different, more small rooms, more domestic, not so wide open (as it really is).  Rob himself was a lot more domestic.  He was doing dishes and stuff, I think he said to help me out.  Or he asked me what else can I do to help you out.  This surprised me, I think I said, nothing, you don't need to help me out.  There were views of cups, Rob doing things, and the house, Rob and I there together.  I was glad to be with Rob, but still had nagging insecurities about it and us.  I was not secure in our love.  Then it came near night and I realized we were both staying up later and later simply because I didn't know where I was supposed to sleep.  He hadn't told me, and I was just waiting for some direction.  But it was late, so finally I asked him, somewhat embarrassed, where would you like me to sleep?  Then I said, I can sleep out here in the back yard, camp out, because it's nice out tonight, even though last night there was a huge snowstorm on the van.  He said, well I only have a single bed, we wouldn't both fit in it.  I saw his bed.  Then he either left it up to me, or showed me another bed in another room or another house where I could sleep.  I think the other room seemed scrappy or older, unfinished, or stuff around, not clear.  This perplexed me.  If Rob and I were now together as a couple, why was I sleeping in another area from him?  Almost like he wasn't sincere about us as a couple, or he still had some doubts about it.  And I wondered why we couldn't share the single bed anyway, even though it would be tight.