I went into the back of my truck, I remember looking at the ceiling of the camper top, how it angles up.  Then I saw an opening or realized there was another room above it.  I climbed up into it.  First it looked like an attic, with A-frame ceiling, I thought, "an attic on the camper shell?" then as I looked around, I realized it was quite a large space.  I crawled in, it was dark at first, careful of the floor as if the slats might break through.  Then I stood up, it became different, and I realized this was a whole house, the upper floor of a house, it was not the top part of my truck any longer.  Somewhere in here, Lynn appeared in the dream with me.  We decided to explore this house.  We walked around.  We knew we were on the second floor.  It was a large house with many large rooms, and looked newly built.  There was a new feeling about it, like it had not been lived in yet.   It had a light, open, white, new feeling.  Some parts were not quite finished, but most of it was really nicely done, details in design and construction that impressed us.  I remember seeing the bathroom vanity.  It was sort of out in the open, not an enclosed bathroom, in the opening between two bedroom doors at an angle, as if these two bedrooms would share this bathroom vanity.  The cupboard beneath this bathroom sink was a glass figure of a woman in a negligee.  It was very pale green glass, frosted, so you couldn't really see through it but it gave an open glass feel.  I thought this was fascinating, to make the bathroom vanity under-sink cupboard the shape of a woman in a negligee, in beautiful pale green glass.  It was beautiful, I looked at it a while and passed it several times in our exploration of the house.  I enjoyed looking around the house, and maybe some enjoyment of looking through it with Lynn, getting ideas with him from the plans and layout of the house.  There was a definite feeling about that house, about how neat and cool it was, how we liked it.  We checked out the rooms, I wanted to see the one bedroom up some stairs behind the bathroom vanity area, then there was some hurry, or I half woke up, but it had dark wood beams, a single bedroom up some stairs.  I think Lynn's friends also appeared somewhere in here.  They and Lynn got the idea of taking over this house and living here.  They were already fixing it up, working on things, changing things, moving in.  I was not happy about this, it wasn't our house, I was mad that they would just take over someone's house and live in it.  We went outside at some point and looked around.  I couldn't tell the area.  The outside was more rustic, a barn or wood or shacks or something.  It didn't fit in with the new artsy modern feeling of the house.  In the last half of the dream there was some feeling of hurry or secretiveness, probably connected with Lynn's friends being there, and them all deciding to take over this house that wasn't theirs.  I was not too happy.  While there was some familiar satisfying feeling of fixing up a house with Lynn, making plans, like we were doing at the cabin, mostly I was sad and upset at the circumstances of them just taking it over when it wasn't theirs.