Back at FelCor, to visit.  I was in the big hallway where I used to sit, it was different, more cluttered or not as beautiful.  Bill S and another guy were there.  They asked me does it look different, I said yes and explained, pointed out the changes.  Then there was a piano in that area, I played it for Bill, jazz, kind of wistful, remembering how much I liked working there and the people.  I went back to the kitchen area, putting on deodorant as I walked, and Barbara L was there, coming out of the file room I think.  I felt that old anxiety about wanting her to like me, in this case: running into her when I'm not quite prepared.  We talked in the kitchen.  She had brought me a whole smoked turkey or chicken.  It was huge, long in shape, we ate some.  I had brought her a fried chicken or something lame, and I felt bad about it, because I always felt like she gave me more than I could return, and I knew she'd be able to tell it was picked up quick from Kentucky Fried Chicken.  I felt inadequate, or my actions not up to par.  It was a good reunion with all there.  I was walking out of the FelCor kitchen, and I wondered and asked Barbara if Bill S was there (apparently forgetting that I had already seen him.)  Intense anticipation that I might see Bill.  He was walking by then, but passing us dressed in a motorcycle helmet and suit, it looked more like a Martian suit, silver, totally hiding him like a costume.  He stopped dead still when he saw me, surprised, glad, and took off his helmet.  Old feeling of intense attraction.  There was something about a girl with a ball cap on, I couldn't see her face, just her lower jaw and cheek as she talked.  Then switch to a very fancy restaurant.  I contemplated working there as a server.  Then I wanted a seat.  I took off my pants (as if this was procedure), wondered where the hostess station was, how to get a seat, it was like I was at the back of the restaurant.  I ended up looking for bathroom signs instead.  Here: theme of wealthy, upscale.  Overall in the dream: theme of things not as nice as they used to be, or as they should be (FelCor hall different;  at restaurant, not feeling dressed up enough for it.)