Dream:  I was driving in Tucson.  There was stuff about being held back, having to do with my license being expired, I was anxious about being stopped by law enforcement.  At one point, at a place like a toll booth or checkpoint, a woman checked my license, and let me go anyway, with a sly look I took to mean, just get out of the state as soon as possible, we'll let this expired license slide for now.  I went on, up through a tunnel or something, glad to escape, but knowing there might be further trouble before I could leave.  I think I was thinking about getting to the Utah border, how far it was.  I was in the Jeep.  Also trouble with the highways or finding certain roads.  It seemed like I was on the east side of Tucson.  There were lots of driving scenes and sequences in and around Tucson.  Then I was with Kevin M (boss at my first lawyer job), and his wife too I think.  I was staying in their guest room or something.  I did not feel real comfortable here, had been away too long, felt like I was imposing, and felt like I couldn't get the polite niceties down or I was missing something.  But I also felt like I was traveling and had nowhere else to stay unless I camped out, so I wanted this room.  At one point, they and another couple were having dinner out back, on a sort of wooden swinging bridge, right in the middle of the bridge.  I came up from the back side, from a trail.  I wasn't invited, and felt a third wheel, since there were two couples.  One of the women, I think Kevin's wife, asked about the room I was staying in, and about my deposit or some payment for it.  I was confused about what to pay and that I was supposed to pay at all.  I went around them, and inside the house, and decided to leave right then impulsively, without telling them.  I was looking for my stuff and gathering it up.  I felt alone or lonely.  Then I was hiking with Risk.  It was a wooded area with trails.  Risk was rolling on her back and playful.  She started rolling on her back, and caught the top of a narrow trail, then she was sliding down it, downhill, head first, on her back.  It was smooth and slippery, almost like a shallow narrow chute, and I was scared for her, because she slid a long long way all the way down the trail.  It went through trees.  I watched her slide all the way down.  But at the bottom, she seemed fine.  She got up and went to the rock wall on the right side of the trail, and dug out a little shelf in a small hollow that was already there, so she could lay in the cool dirt there.  The rock wall was white, yellow, buff colored.  When I caught up to her, I was saying good dog, good girl, for her digging out a little cool place for herself to lay.  It seemed she was looking at me with a satisfied or clever look.  I remember her head was up in the hollow, in the long space she'd dug out for herself.  I knelt and looked closer at the hollow she'd picked.  There were pictographs there, Barrier type, of human shape.  There were lots, red and black.  I hoped she hadn't ruined any pictographs with her digging.  Although I was a little surprised to see the pictographs, I didn't pay much attention to them.  I was more interested in Risk and her actions.  Seems like I was still worried about her sliding down that trail.  Maybe I was surprised she had picked out that particular hollow, since it turned out to have pictographs.  Then I was in a cave underground, with a woman and man.  The woman was taking us through and explaining how she'd discovered the connection between an entrance to this cave and a pool of water or whirlpool which was another entrance.  It was some big scientific discovery which solved a mystery about that cave.  She told us that someone she knew had put their feet in the pool or whirlpool, and fell through, or their legs went in further, and that's how she discovered it and the connection.  There was water or a waterfall in the cave.  I looked around and saw a door with a doorknob nearby, underground.  I said to her, then what about this door?  Meaning, obviously someone has already seen or discovered this, and built a door; it was no mystery.  They kind of ignored my observation.  I can't remember if this next was in the same dream, or before or after.  I was here in my house in Chatsworth, and Risk was here.  She was sick, with her front leg swollen.  There was another woman with me here too.  I was worried about Risk, and taking care of her.  I patted the bed for her to jump up.  She had trouble getting up, being sick.  I tried again, she jumped half up on the bed, then fell backward off it.  Her head landed in the bathroom here.  I picked her up in the doorway, looked up, and the woman had pulled out the box springs or the frame under the bed, to make it low to the floor, so Risk could get up.  We tried again, and Risk got up fine.  I felt guilty about her falling backwards off the bed, about trying to get her to jump up on the bed.