I was with Lynn in a house or room, it was that drug feeling.  We'd get into something or a conversation, and then someone would come walking in.  A couple times he or I would get up from the couch to shut or lock the door, stop the intrusions, to get back to each other and the activity or conversation.  There were two doors, a front and back, the people intruding came from the door leading to the rest of the house, the back door.  There were shutters on the windows, wood kind.  Definitely that drug feeling, overly absorbed in each other and our activity, conversation.  Then Lynn undressed or I undressed him to make love, and he had no penis or balls.  I felt I didn't care, I still loved him, it didn't matter, although it surprised me.  I communicated this to him somehow, that I didn't mind or care that he now had no penis or balls, I still wanted him and wanted to make love.  There was some acknowledgment that they had done this as part of his colostomy surgery, removed his penis and balls.  He could still make love or have an orgasm, although in a different way.  I started to touch him where his penis had been.  There was a small round or oval shape there, in the flat smooth skin area that it now was, almost like an undeveloped woman would look, just the oval outline, no opening.  I started touching this oval outline, trying to get him off, but I was doing it too slow.  Maybe he told me this, or I just could tell I was moving  my hand too slow, but then another woman came in to show me or tell me how I needed to move my hand faster, or in a circular movement, just like you would touch a woman to get her off.  She had an oval shape too, and showed me on herself I think.  I did not mind that there was another woman in the room taking part in our sex, I almost welcomed it.  I felt some embarrassment at my lack of the initial technique, but felt like I could understand and get it right, since it was the same way I would like to be touched.  There was a feeling that this woman was Lynn, a second Lynn as a woman, in the same room and time as the male Lynn.  Like Lynn as two people, a male and female.  Also in this dream were scenes of a storage room, the kind you would rent, or a garage, and going through stuff, or moving it out, over a long period of time, or days.  It was kind of cold or dismal or gloomy, windy or dark out at times.  There were other people there, in and out.  At one point it was like my house here, with the four steps up and a raised area like my bedroom, and I was looking over the half-wall but it was a storage or garage.  I found, or it blew at me in the wind, something written on paper that I recognized immediately when I read it.  But I knew when I read it that I had read it before a long time ago, years ago.  Something in it reminded me of Moab or Utah, some paper I had read or written or saved there, and I felt amazed that it had made it intact through so many moves across states, and that I still recognized it, and that it had found it's way back to me.