I stop at a diner while traveling.  I stopped there many times in the dream, first by myself, then later with my oldest sister, maybe others.  It was a large poduncky and kind of redneck place, wood planks.  The time I was there alone, I figured out things or was introduced to things there, so that when I went back, I knew the place, and felt I could show them to my oldest sister.  Like where the bathrooms were, the procedure there, and I met the waitress.  Even though it was just a place on the road.  The time alone, I was going to the bathroom, and passed a sign or something on the wall, maybe a moving or changing sign?  I wondered about it, what it meant, maybe it was like a private joke, and figured it out myself, and asked the waitress about it or we laughed about it together.  The time with my oldest sister, I was going to the bathroom, and prematurely took a shit en route.  I reached in my long skirt, to hold the shit in my hand so it wouldn't slip out, it was long and formed.  I wanted to go take care of it and clean up.  But my oldest sister followed me in there, and kept stopping me and talking to me while going into the stall, and I kept trying to break off the conversation and get in the stall.  Almost wanted to tell her I had an accident, but it was too embarrassing, although in this dream it seemed like a common occurrence for people.  I was hiding my hand holding the shit in my skirt the whole time, hoping I could just take care of it.  Interspersed in this dream, there were scenes of traveling.  I was near some tourist or natural park place.  It was wilderness, not touristy.  Where people stopped on the road, there was an overlook of the gorgeous view of an area of canyons and buttes.  There were trailheads and trails leading into this area, and stop points on the road.  In the center of the view from the overlook was a very tall completely transparent slab of rock, flat, thin, and smooth like glass.  Although trails led to there, they did not start from the road in front of it and lead directly there, you had to start from the side, or further down the road.  You could see the trails, but they didn't automatically look like they led from the road to that rock.  The route was a V-shape, including a center canyon or wash, how the trails came from the road and eventually led to the rock, but you could figure it out, if you had any outdoor experience.  I remember thinking the trails were intentionally like that, not starting directly in front of the rock, but by some knowledge or experience you had to know or figure out that the side trails led there.  I think I took one of these trails, or several times, there was a feeling of going back later and recognizing the trail within the dream.  However, an actual trip down the trail was not part of the dream, just a later understanding or recognizing of it.  You could see the tall rock from far off, and I got a close-up view too, almost hovering over it or near it.  It was transparent and lit up from the inside, by a natural white light.  I thought about the light inside that slab of rock, where it might originate from, how it could be natural.  [I had been thinking before sleep about how dark a woman's vagina is, how the man enters and brings light (energy) in.]  At one point it felt like near darkness outside, because the tall rock was lit up white and was the only focal point.  There were daytime scenes of it also, with buff and Utah canyon colors.  It was really spectacular.  During the close-up view, I could see that in front of the rock there was a sculpture or silhouette of something, it seems now like a Native American Indian on a horse with a spear, or something Native American.  The black outline of this figure was brought out by the white luminescent rock slab background.  I could not decide if the figure was natural, part of the rock/landscape, or had been built and put there.  Same with the light, although the light I accepted more readily as natural.  I was shown this figure in front of the rock, and allowed to view it until it sank in and I understood.  Later in the dream, I passed by this overlook again and saw this tall flat transparent rock again from far off, recognized the black silhouette in front of it, from having seen it close-up, recognized the trail, recognized it but with a new insight, like it then became real or part of the whole landscape for me, or I could place it geographically and know it then, or I had a new understanding of its meaning and why the park was there, why that silhouette was there, why I was there looking at the rock and the trail.  There was some understanding being given to me, by being shown the rock and silhouette in different ways and different light, and repeatedly at different times, so I could understand it better each time I saw it and recognized it.  Almost a feeling like you are not alone, and there is reason to live, if you have familiar places and things to go back to, that give you new understanding each time.  It was inspiring, beautiful.  It had a quality of a fantasy world, one I could or might create.  Reminded me of the rock (flat stalagmite) in Carlsbad Caverns with the light shining through it.  The figure in front reminds me now of those metal sculptures made from pictographs, how that woke me up and inspired me when I read about them and saw them, a 2-dimensional art form transformed to 3-dimensional, so many centuries after they were thought up and drawn.  Like fantasy images finally made part of the material world, centuries later, the power of creativity and transformation, creating reality from thoughts.\