I was at the Center Cafe in Moab at a table with some people.  Robert B came in and sat near the table but not part of the group.  Then I saw Allison D (high school friend, she went on to be an actress on TV), in front of Robert.  But I was totally fixated on Allison and her effect on Robert, not Allison as a person present with us.  I saw Allison's face close up just as Robert would be looking at it, from his seat.  Robert moved closer or looked closer at Allison, they talked a bit, it was clear he was attracted to her.  Then Allison started becoming more and more figurized, or like a painting, each time she responded to him.  My perspective was as though I were Robert looking at her.  And with each of her moves, she became more just an object or image, as he looked at her.  She moved her hands up to smooth her hair or move it, and her hands came down in a wave-like motion, down her hair, creating waves in it.  It was stiff and not even very human, how her hands moved, more like graphic art.  She was smiling at this point.  Then her face became disembodied, with dark background around it framing it, just her face, like a still life or stylized photograph, as he watched.  She was not smiling at this still-life point.  It was not clear if this meant how Robert, or men, view and objectify pretty women.  I was fascinated, and a little jealous of the attention she was getting, but disturbed at how she became less of a human, and more of an object or piece of art.  I remember questioning just how some women can capture a man, get all his attention and devotion, put him in a spell.  Because Robert here was not really aware of how she became less human, it seemed he was not interested in her as a woman, but more interested in his attraction for her.  It was as if his attraction blinded him to her transformation, and he kept on loving her thinking it was a woman when really she was becoming an object.  Or that his type of attraction for her was actually the thing that was turning her into an object before his eyes.  Then there was a scene of Allison riding in a carriage, maybe horse drawn, and Robert either moving beside her or in another carriage beside her (not clear), but he was able to still watch her face intently and close up even as she moved down a road.  And with each move she made or answer she gave or look she gave him, she became more and more Swedish, traditional old-fashioned Swedish, more and more foreign, and less able to relate to him in his position as a modern American.  Her hair and clothes and look and language became more like 19th century Swedish.  Next I was in a city, with Risk not on a leash.  There was another woman my age with me.  Risk was young and black, puppy-like with lots of energy.  Risk would run into the street, and I would hurry after her to catch her, or usually I was calling her desperately to stay with me.  It was like the times early on when I was teaching her to stay in front of a store and wait for me, or to stay with me without a leash.  It was not like I was angry at her for running off, but more like I was training her.  Except every time I called her in the street, I was calling her "Richard" to get her to come back.  I think at one point I stopped and questioned myself why was I calling Risk "Richard", although the two names are similar.  Some flash of Richard D when I realized that in the dream.  At one point on the street we were near a backstage area, with scenery being prepared, black pieces of cardboard or staging stuff.  It was an area we knew or had been to before.  The last scene was me looking at a small Airedale dog going down the street, with a person, not clear if Risk became this dog.  I think I was questioning whether that was now Risk, although it was a different breed.  And there was an adult Airedale dog there too.