I was swimming to Canada, up this narrow channel.  It took me two and a half days each time.  I did this over and over it seems like.  I don't really remember the purpose of swimming to Canada, but it was kind of like a project or a courier job almost, I'd get sent or I'd go every few months or something.  At one point I stopped and I couldn't believe it only took me two and a half days to do this, but I had it down.  I know I slept out two nights during the trip, and was there by noon on the next day, the third day, each time.  It was always kind of a hard, harrowing, treacherous trip.  Not incredible danger, or I wouldn't have been in the water, but, it was like swimming a slot canyon, it looked exactly like that.  Not a very hard slot canyon, almost just like a Utah Canyon, but I'd come up against boulder pile-ups.  I was swimming along, and I can see downtown Dallas, on my right, and it's supposed to be there, I know I'm supposed to pass it on my route, but . . (?) . . so apparently I'm swimming from Texas to Canada.  I see Reunion Tower, as I'm coming up out of water.  I see it through the water, so it's wavy, and it's oval instead of round, more like the space needle in Seattle, and I thought it was a UFO at first, and then I come out of the water and realize:  I'm passing Dallas, and that I'm way behind on schedule, it's already becoming night and I'm only passing Dallas by now.  I realize I've been delaying, got a late start, or piddling around, or just not making the progress I thought I would on this trip.  But it doesn't worry me because it always takes me two and a half days to get there.  The weather was kind of gloomy, dark and cloudy and about to rain.  I come up against a pour-off.  And I have some kind of little tool to help me over these pour-offs, but it's not anything substantial, it's not like a rope or a bridge or anything, it's just like this little cord or something on a broken popsicle stick.  Somehow I use that to get over to rocks on the other side, across really deep stretches.  I don't know why I don't just swim across.  But something about that deep water scares me, and on this crossing, up the pile-up of rocks, I drop the popsicle stick tool and it doesn't float, it sinks, right to the bottom, and I'm amazed, I guess I've never dropped it before. I'm considering going on without it, but then I think, I really want it.  So I'm going to go reach down and retrieve it but I can't see that far into the water because it's kind of a murky river.  So, before I reach down I set something up on the rock, kind of behind me to the right.  It's like a wooden box, but later it seems like it's a book or something I need to keep clean and dry, all the way to Canada.  And I do this every time, I keep this clean and dry all the way to Canada, and that amazes me too, that I can keep something outside of a dry-bag clean and dry while swimming all the way to Canada.  I reach down, and, actually I reached in with my foot, I decided to get it with my foot instead of my hand, in case there's something biting down there.  So I reach down and pick it up and retrieve it, but then I think I get out of the water right there, I don't keep going up the river.  I get out of the water, and Danielle (co-worker at Amwest) is there talking to me, small talk, like, something about how some guy she knows named Tom should have waited for some girl, he went on ahead of her, and she was saying, "I think he should have waited for her, don't you?" - just girl talk, like we used to do at Amwest, chatting.  I was kind of annoyed with her, because I wanted to keep going, I knew I was by Dallas and I was way behind, and I was annoyed with her stopping and chatting with me at this time.