I was at my middle sister's and her husband's in Monterrey, in an upstairs apartment, or upstairs part of the house.  Her husband was being violent, he was abusing my sister, or had been, and it was not safe for her.  We were there to intervene or help her, and it was a really bad situation.  It was time to go, and there was another girl there who looked a lot like Laura, Ray's friend.  She needed a ride, so I said I'll give you a ride home.  And Mom and this girl and I got in my truck, and I started driving them home, and I got lost or turned around, it seemed like we were in Dallas then, and I was really embarrassed in front of Mom that I couldn't get us home and get this girl home.  At one point it was like a one-way street or a roadblock, or something, we couldn't go any further, and so I said here we can go around this way.  And I turned off and parked the car and for some reason I thought we had to walk around that way and then keep going.  And I was just telling them what to do, I was so embarrassed, I was trying to maintain control of the situation still, but doing so irrationally.  So we got out of the car, and we walked several blocks, and started up this big hill toward a tunnel.  Before we went in the tunnel, I suddenly realized we could have stayed in the car and just driven around this spot and kept going, because I realized when we got to the top of this thing that I was going to have to get the car.  It was this block that we had to get around.  And I had made everybody walk around this block, and then suddenly realized that someone would have to get the car at the other side of the blockade, to keep driving.  So then I was really embarrassed, because I knew they were probably thinking: why didn't we just stay in the car.  So I said you guys wait here and I'll go back and get the car and pick you up, and we'll keep going.  It looked a lot like downtown Dallas, in fact I was looking for Dallas landmarks while we walked.  Just outside of downtown, it felt like we were near Arts Magnet (my high school).  When that realization hit me that we could have stayed in the car, and here I was walking these two women up these city streets, I felt so out of it, like I wasn't thinking at all, or my brain had shut down.]