I was in a big house with my family, a two story brick house, huge.  It was a long dream but this is the part I remember.  At one point we were checking the locks on the windows and doors, to make sure they were locked against Mark H coming in [Of all people. I mean Mark is incredibly gentle, but I was thinking last night about how I had analyzed his car, facial hair, etc., when I first met him in the desert, for safety].  We were going around checking the locks because we were going to have a party that night, we were getting ready for this big party.  And either Mom or my oldest sister had invited all the people, so I didn't really know who was coming.  Then I was in a car, getting ready, or not quite put together or dressed.  We drove around the side of this house, and I think my oldest sister was driving, someone else was driving.  Anyway, the girl driving stopped or paused at a ground floor window, and said something really raunchy or just about sex or guys coming over, to whoever was inside the window.  And a person or couple peeked out to answer, they were in bed and obviously fucking, and didn't mind at all that we were all four half-dressed, but in any case, they were pretty trashy or dressed like whores.  I just felt like, wow I've become part of the whores, I'm hanging out with whores.  Back in the big house.  Then we had this party.  When people started coming in, Dad and my oldest sister and I were walking around checking the party things, checking the house.  And we kept kind of annoying each other, and being slightly annoyed with each other.  We came into the front hallway and lots of people were coming in just then, they were all trying to come in the door, and I was trying to get out of the way, and my oldest sister bumped into me from behind, and I gave her this really nasty look.  We finally got into the foyer, and I saw that she had invited Erik, Erik was there, with a blond woman who looked very Norwegian, very Scandinavian.  And I knew it was his wife and I didn't care.  He didn't see me yet.  I went to the foot of the stairs, and I turned around, and I said "Erik", and he recognized me.  I gave him this big hug, a long, long hug, and I didn't let go.  I felt joy and love and gratefulness.  While we were hugging he told me, "I've been four years with this company now, four years I've been working with this company."  He told me some things about his life, and I said "That's great Erik, that's really great."  I wanted him badly.