In this dream, I had to pick a partner, and I was with an older woman, she was over 50, maybe even 60.  She was my partner.  I didn't realize until the end of the dream that I was the male in this relationship.  At the end of the dream, I suddenly looked at myself, and I was my present age, and I was a woman, and I thought - "What am I doing with an older female as a partner? I'm a woman, but in this relationship I'm supposed to be male."  And it disturbed me.  Also in this dream, where people lived was a series of rooms all connected together.  It wasn't like separate houses, in a village, or a town or a city.  It was all squashed together.  [I have been thinking lately about how people would live in the future, some of the sci-fi stories I've read, where rooms are all just connected, maybe even underground.]  Well in this dream, there weren't houses, there were just rooms that went into other rooms, that went into other rooms.  And I was going through these rooms looking for someone or something.  And not finding it.  I was looking for someone specific, asking where they were, and going through these rooms, and thinking, what a terrible way to live, in a city like this, where all the rooms are just all connected.  You don't have any space that's really your own anymore.  This was concurrent with my realizing that I was a male in this relationship.  And I didn't like it, when it finally dawned on me that I was 32 and a female, but that I was supposed to be a male partner with this 60-year old female  It was this really old disturbance, like, god I thought I worked through that, you know, I thought I found out what it was like to be the woman.  [I had just had a talk about this with Ken that day, walking to his truck, I told him about how I grew up a tomboy, and idolizing males, and then found out what it meant, how it felt, to be a woman (from Richard and Lynn), and what that meant in a relationship for me now.]  So to have this dream was like an old bad reminder of everything I've already learned, and like a trap, almost, it was a trap, to find myself there trying to be the male again in the relationship.