In an earlier dream that same night I was in Bloomington (where I went to college), and it had fallen into incredible disrepair.  I was walking very fast or running by these buildings.  One of them was that dorm-like building just for women, that apartment house that (in reality) Mom and Dad and I had looked at, and that I had rejected even though they liked it and wanted me to live there.  And the roof had fallen in, from rain and snow, it looked like it was made of cardboard, it was so poorly constructed, I couldn't believe it.  Then I ran down beside another one which was supposedly the second-choice place to live among people in town.  And it looked okay.  It seemed like there were different colored houses and windowsills, in a row.    And then I went down to what was supposed to be the first-choice place to live in Bloomington.  I ran down, past the second choice street, and around the corner of the first house.  And I had heard that it was falling over or the roof was falling in.  I looked up, it was a pretty tall building, and the side and the top of the building were made of thatch hut, grass material, it was like pampas grass or bamboo or something.  Primitive.  And it was kind of leaning, it didn't look very safe to live in.  There was some rumor about them not letting people live there, at least in the top floors anymore.  I went around the front of it.  Something about this dream reminded me of the earlier dream, where I had to drive Mom and that girl home and I took the Jeep . . . or my vehicle . . . up that wrong turn and got out and walked in the industrial part of the city.  It was like being back in a city, because that was Dallas, that other dream, but it was like being back in a city that was rather empty, and I wasn't lost geographically, but sort of a searching feeling or looking without being productive, traveling, moving without being productive, in both of these, there was that feeling, although in this present dream in Bloomington, I wasn't necessarily unproductive, I was just looking.  I had another recent dream, a few months ago, about Bloomington and the houses there, going into the houses and seeing how people lived there, I can't remember when that was.  In both of these dreams, the weather was kind of gloomy, dark and cloudy and about to rain.