First I was at a house that was Ray W's, though it did not look at all like his present one.  It was space age in design, truly eccentric, with many rooms, walkways, cool parts to it.  And empty, I felt empty there.  It seemed like I was always wandering around looking for people there, and not finding them.  Or I could hear them or half-see them, through something like plastic tarp, but they were not with me.  And I was not all that interested in being with them anyway.  I explored the house a little.  I remember a walkway outside, like a long porch, it was Utah and deserted out.  I remember feeling other people would come over later that day, but right then, I was there alone.  I said something with the word "playing" to Ray around the corner, he was in front, I think with other people.  I meant it as a funny passing statement.  Then I went in Ray's bedroom, it was round and had an odd ceiling, plastic tarp or substance or something.  It was not regular.  I felt his bedroom was whimsical and fun, irregular.  And there was a waterbed.  I got on it and remembered one could pee right on the waterbed and it would go through and be flushed away somehow, through the water.  I remembered Ray or someone had done it that way and showed me, so I thought it would be okay.  I squatted on the waterbed and almost started to pee, then thought I heard or saw people out through the wall, I thought they might see me.  Also I thought maybe this really isn't how you're supposed to pee, what if it doesn't go down.  So I went in search of a bathroom.  I was going to pee for lack of something better to do.  It felt like we were waiting around with nothing to do, and not even talking or playing with each other.  I went down the hall and found another bedroom, this one larger, more regular in shape, rectangular, long.  There were toys in it, and I realized it was Dakotah's (Ray's friend's little boy) room here at Ray's.  Then I went to find the bathroom, found it, it was so cramped and seemed still under construction, like you only had a tarp or sheet to pull across the front for privacy.  It too was rectangular.  I peed, feeling a lack of privacy, and then Ray came in and yelled at me while I was on the toilet because he thought I was hiding from him intentionally, avoiding him.  And he brought up the statement I had said to him earlier from the porch, he was angry about it.  I told him I wasn't hiding, but trying to pee, and I told him I had meant it as funny, a meaningless passing quip.  And I thought to myself how he takes what I say and do a different way than I meant, how we really do not communicate well.  Then I was at a formal function in a big old auditorium, but it was beside and connected to Ray's house.  People were dressed up, socializing.  A girl I knew came in, dark short hair.  She came to us over by the stage and was showing off her outfit, she got halfway up on a ladder, turned around.  Her top was made of white fur with black and brown fur strips, daringly cut, and her black skirt had a slit in back all the way up to where her butt crack started.  I was impressed, I loved her outfit, and we told her she looked great.  She was a little drunk, and she started to do a strip on the stage to the music, commanding the tune to change with her motions.  Ray was playing piano, there were other musicians, and they all changed their song so she could strip to the music she wanted.  Breathless, she quickly handed me her teeth and some other little things so she could do the strip.  The teeth were more like part of her costume than false teeth she needed.  I went to the bartender to ask him to rinse them off, or keep them there for her, he looked disgusted and said in all his years bartending he'd never had to do anything like that.  I watched her strip.  She had small breasts like mine, I remember thinking they were like mine.  Although, her left one was a little bigger than the right.  In her alcohol state she was stripping deliberately and slowly, watching the audience.  It was not something she normally did.  I thought she looked gorgeous, but was embarrassed for her, since I knew her.  The musicians kept playing.  I looked at Ray, and he was getting increasingly incensed.  He kept saying that it was totally inappropriate for this function, that she should stop and get off the stage.  Then he refused to play any more piano, he got up, and went with a tall blond woman toward his house (connected to where we were), then they went up into an attic together.  He took her hand and led her.  I followed them with my eyes, then I followed them up the hole in the ceiling.  It wasn't like I was really there with them, just that I could view them.  I was jealous.  As I followed them up into the attic and down the attic hall, there was a smoky, orange light around them, around everything, unearthly and fantastic, and obscuring a clear view.  I thought he liked her much more than he liked me.