I've just come through a house [I've forgotten whose - a man, someone we know well and work closely with, we're close to him, a relative?] and come to the bathroom, a tiny one with a shower stall. In it is a friend of mine, who I call by name [Greyraven? Bill W? Somebody on the slender, and I think shortish, side - I'd previously been dreaming of Harry Anderson, may be a variation on him, but he's taller] and I announce with glee, "Guess what? I've finally used up all the water in the shower - that is, I've run all the water through that shower head, and now we can get a new one!" Hooray. This is neat, you know? You see, the old shower head is somehow unsatisfactory, it's old and worn, won't put out a steady stream of water or something, and we've been wanting to improve on it. So now we can get a nicer one, brand new, that'll work better. And (the guy I'm talking to) he says, you know what else? We could actually extend this bathroom, just by moving the wall out - we could double its size. So we go look out the window in the shower stall [by the way, he was just in there shaving at the sink or something] - outside there's a pretty big parking lot, with the sort of carports you see at old restaurants and other places, corrugated roofs held up by steel posts, for 2 cars to park nose-to-nose. It extends from this 1st row just across from the window to the front of the building, with lots of space between. This is a part of town where you might find such things, reminds me of down Lamar where Automotive used to be. The house is old, and while it's not ramshackle, is no showpiece either. Comfortable, though, and a lot of people come here. Actually I think a goodly number live here. I'm concerned for a minute about this extending the bathroom out into the parking lot, it would come almost if not all the way to the 1st parking slot there, then how would people walk by to the front? [The building makes a bit of an "L" beyond us to the left, the back of the building, and the back door's used all the time. By the way, beyond the carport - it's maybe eight cars deep - there are trees, maybe there's a creek down there. Forward, to our right, you see the other couple carports, then a bit of sidewalk and street - probably dead-ends; there's a car-parts-looking place across the street.] But then I think, no, really, it wouldn't be any big deal to give up one parking space on the end [2, actually], since the whole lot is seldom filled up anyway. This 1st strip usually is, though. Like I said, there are always a lot of people in and out of here. Anyhow, we see how it would be a very workable thing to extend the bathroom, very nice, we'd like it a lot.