I had bought a big house, somewhat impulsively.  I think my parents helped me out with the loan, but they had not seen the house.  It was a house I had always wanted.  I'd been there before, and when it came up for sale, I bought it quickly.  I wanted it so much I didn't really think about whether it was really a good house for me.  I went through the rooms after it was mine, exploring it all.  There were about four bedrooms and four baths, the whole place was huge.  There were some cool things, one of the baths had a huge rectangular shower, as big as a room, and it was connected to a dance studio, where the previous owners had had their kids taught ballet at home.  There were many other cool things about the house, I think I was entranced mostly with the bathrooms, and the master bedroom.  And it was located in the desert, remote from everything else.  [I knew when I woke up that I have dreamed about this house in detail before.]  I knew all about it in this dream, every room and quirk, and felt I had been there a lot.  But as I walked through, I began to get uneasy and realize this house was way too big for me alone, and that I had made a mistake in buying it.  I remember the mortgage was $725 a month.  The house was weird too, it really had some funky things to it, I felt I had made a mistake, that I hadn't thought it through.  Once I even thought, wow I wish I had stayed at that last house I was renting out in the desert instead of buying this huge place.  My family was due to arrive for a visit, and I was worried about what they would think of this place.  When they came I showed them around, showed my middle sister that big shower and the dance studio door, and I felt increasingly like they thought I had gone nuts and should never have bought it, like it was a bad idea.  My family was outside.  There was some big party going on there on the grounds, like a carnival.  I was inside, still exploring the house's weird points, and my niece was with me.  She was a bit younger than now, maybe three.  I noticed an odd window, sort of like a dog door high up on the wall, it had a flap on it.  I wanted to go through it, I saw there was a tall ladder leading from it outside down to the grass.  I knew my family was out there, with the crowd of people.  I climbed up to the window with my niece and asked her, do you think you can go through this with me?  She said yes, so I climbed through the flap, and turned around on the ladder to help her.  She climbed through, and I told her to grab on to my neck, which she did.  She was on the underside of the ladder or something, or backwards, so I talked her through each step to get her turned around right and hold on to me, and she followed every step as I said it.  It was satisfying having it work out, with her.  And so detailed.  I'd say, "now take your left hand and put it there," and she would.  Then I had to climb down with her holding on.  I started to climb down and the ladder swayed away from the wall, it was not falling, but swaying balanced, almost at the torque where it would sway backward.  I knew we could still get down okay.  But then two young men came from the party to the foot of the ladder and held it while we climbed down.  I was very grateful to them for helping, because with my niece I had an extra risk.  But when I thanked them they just turned away and ignored me like they didn't care.  Their faces showed no emotion at all.  On the ground my oldest sister (my niece's mom) came up, and I saw Mom and Dad there near the party.  I still felt embarrassed about buying the house, it was hard to face them.