I was in a country setting, in a room or house.  I had been left to take care of another dog along with Maddie, someone else's dog.  I took them out somehow to another house down a country road, but when I decided to come back, I couldn't maneuver whether to tie one up, walk one back down the road, go back for the first one later, or take both or what.  Or I had to go get a car for someone or do some errand, I think someone called while I was watching the dogs and I had to go do something for them, that's how I found myself out with the dogs but perplexed how to come back with them.  In this dream my truck was broken down and unavailable.  I felt frustrated and a little unable to handle both dogs without a car, and resentful of being left to deal with all this.  But then the solution came serenely to me, I thought, "Oh I can just do it this way, why didn't I realize that.";  I think I just took both dogs with me, though I don't remember the final decision.  It felt like my friends or my people had all gone somewhere together, and had not included me.  That's why I was left with the friend's dog.  But I wanted to be with them.  I felt left out.  I went to a house I knew they'd show up at, still in the country.  It had feelings of my house at the Maze, but did not look like it, it was bigger.  The people I had anticipated started arriving.  It was like a party or gathering starting.  Everyone was in a party mood, opening beers, laughing.  I started to participate, got party-feeling, talked with people.  The guys all seemed very attractive and cool, almost too cool and good-looking for me.  I felt like I didn't really fit in, or like they hadn't invited me, so why was I there.  At one point, one of the guy's dogs came into the house, and he had little roller skates on his paws, and he could skate pretty well and turn corners.  More reinforcement that these were cool people, they even had cool pets.  At another point, I started changing clothes right in front of people, of guys.  I'd take off my clothes and then walk quickly to the next room, like I was going to change, flirting.  And I was not even that skinny in the dream, I was heavier than what I'd be for doing something like that, but I told myself it didn't matter, that my body was beautiful anyway.  Then I started feeling like I was not really wanted there, a misfit.  I had not been invited, I just came there, and because I'd been feeling like they left me on purpose in the first place, now I started feeling like secretly they were wondering why I was there, or wishing I was not part of the group.  My flirting and taking off my clothes seemed inappropriate to me, and I was embarrassed for myself.  Then I dreamed I felt too deeply asleep, and needed to come out of it a little.  I felt groggy and way under.  I tried to wake myself up.  I woke up, I felt myself come up one level of consciousness, and found myself waking up in the north side Circle K (a convenience store) here in Moab.  I asked myself if I had really woken up, or if this was just a false awakening.  I kind of pinched my arm and looked down at myself, did I really wake up?  [Actually, no I was still dreaming, but I thought I had really woken up.]  First I was alarmed at having woken up in Circle K.  It was morning and the store was opening.  How had I fallen asleep there, why had they let me sleep there in the middle of the floor?  Apparently they let me know they had let me sleep there overnight while the store was closed, because I had fallen asleep right there and they didn't want to wake me, apparently it was something they did for customers who fell asleep there.  Unlikely, yes, but I did not catch the illogicalness, I still thought I had really woken up.  I was deathly thirsty, I wanted a Diet Coke real bad.  I tried to get one from the fountain.  I couldn't find a decent cup of a size I wanted.  They were all monstrously huge, like small plastic barrels.  I kept pulling them out and looking at them.  Finally I found one and wandered around looking for the fountain.  The ceilings were really high, and the store was much nicer, like oak paneled walls and cathedral ceilings.  This surprised me.  I went to get ice.  First, I couldn't get in to the ice machine.  Then I couldn't get enough ice from the water it was floating in, though I was scooping, it was too scant of ice.  Then some woman was letting her baby swim in the water catcher under the ice, right by me, which is also where one scooped up the ice, from the water.  I was annoyed that she was doing this.  I scooped up ice, but then thought, that baby had probably peed in the water, so I threw that cup out.  I really needed a drink.  I went to get ice at the next ice machine, and I realized this was a more complete store than before.  There was a bar there.  I went to pull back one of the horizontal panels, thinking there might be ice under it, and was intimidated by the bartender, a woman.  I walked slowly along the wall, and pulled back a little curtain.  Behind, there were two bathtubs, ready if some customer wanted to buy a bathing, like a truck stop.  I was surprised, I had thought this was just a convenience store.  Then I realized that that baby had been swimming where you were allowed to swim, that I had been harsh and critical and that woman had been in the right to let her baby swim there.  Then I got worried about Maddie, I called to her, and she came in the store door right away.  I was relieved, I realized the highway was just out front, I was glad she had stayed near, and reproached myself for not securing her immediately upon waking there.  I took her outside to tie her up to a bench, so I could go back in and again try to get a drink.  I took a long time picking out a perfect spot to tie her up.  Part of the ground in front of the benches was sunny and part was in the shade, I wanted shade for her.  I chose a spot, but the leash didn't reach too well, so I picked another place to tie it.  At this point it didn't feel like Moab - too many trees, more garden-like.  It seems like a person or couple was watching me do this, noting how much time and care I took just to pick a spot to tie her.