First I was biking at night with someone else, to a job or something, along a complicated series of concrete ramps and corridors.  We had to know where the unlocked door was and how to get past a guard.  Then I was at an auditorium with other people where Shawn Colvin was preparing to perform that night.  I talked with her close up.  I asked her if she personally received any of the letters people sent her.  She smiled and said no, did you send me one?  I said yes.  I thought of getting it for her on my computer, but realized I didn't have my computer with me.  I told her I was a lawyer, but I was so nervous speaking to her, my words came out kind of mispronounced.  The next sentence too was mispronounced, as if I was slurring the words or over-pronouncing the vowels.  She looked different than I thought she would.  Her hair was the same, short and stylish, but her skin was darker and she looked older than I thought she would.  She spoke animatedly, with a lot of personality, and moved her eyes expressively.  I liked looking at her face and knowing I finally got to meet her.  I was awed and happy being by her, but felt just like all the other ordinary peons there, especially without my computer, and I wanted her to remember me and to stand out, that's why I told her I was a lawyer.  She asked for my business card.  I tipped my briefcase on the table to look inside, and it was so empty.  I realized I am hardly being a lawyer any more with that empty briefcase.  [In reality I did give up practicing law for good when I left L.A.]  I couldn't find any cards in my briefcase so I looked in my purse, in that little black vinyl card pack.  But the cards I pulled out had yellow spots on them as if food had dried on them, all of them, and they were old.  I was chagrined and looked for others, in my purse and briefcase.  I pulled out these cards that were more recent, but they had little tags on them to hang on a shirt, like ID tags for an employee, the tags looked like those twist ties on produce bags.  And I realized they were for my identity in a much less glamorous capacity (like being a waitress), not as a lawyer.  I thought of getting an old card out, like an Amwest card, crossing out the old phone number and writing in my current one.  But I ended up not giving her a card.  Then her son came up from the seat area and asked her something, and she talked to him.  He was about 7 or 8.  I was so surprised that she had a son.  I had always thought from her songs that she was a loner like me, independent, or even unable to find a relationship.  But here she had a happy son whom she loved.  I thought, then that song she wrote about "would I be saved if I were brave and had a baby" was not even true, because she already had one.  I felt like she'd lied, almost, and felt abandoned, because I continue to live this life alone and listen to her songs and relate to them, and here she was not even that person like me.