I was in a home that was beautiful, peaceful.  There were gardens and elegance, and an atmosphere of quiet luxury and peace.  I enjoyed my time there, it seemed I did really nothing but my own little projects or enlightening my mind.  I lived alone.  I didn't really feel I fitted in with the home yet, given my lifestyle and homes the past few years, but it was more like the home that I could see myself in the future, only I was experiencing it right now.  One evening I looked out the window, and at an angle, near the front yard, I could see a family starting to camp out on my lawn.  They just parked themselves there, by a creek or something.  It annoyed me, apparently in the past other people had mistaken my home for a national park and tried to do the same.  Then it seemed like this family had been camping there several days already, and I was now sick of it and going to speak to them.  I asked the mother to come into the house.  She was actually really well-dressed for camping, well-groomed and almost dressed up. I faced her, and told her, look, this is my home, and you have camped with your family on my lawn.  Then I added, if you had been a dirty or scruffy type of people, I would have asked you to move it when you first got here, it's only because you look nice that I have tolerated it all these days and not said anything til now.  I thought she would get the message and leave.  But apparently, my last statement was taken the opposite way.  She took it that their presence was okay since they were clean and well-groomed.  Before I knew it, they had all come inside and prepared to stay in the house with me from then on.  They made themselves right at home, choosing bedrooms and washing up.  I felt invaded and taken advantage of.  It was similar to those old dreams I had after Lynn.  I didn't know how to get them out.  Then I was in another house, not mine, with several people.  Dad was there, and we all took mushrooms and tripped.  I couldn't believe Dad was tripping with us, but as it got more comfortable, it was really fun.  I felt I was close enough with Dad to do this with him, but also felt guilt at introducing him to tripping.  It was a very mild trip, several times I questioned whether I was even tripping, it was so light.  At one point, Dad and I were talking, and I admitted that some people had invaded my house and were staying there without my permission.  I told him what I had done to solve it, but I can't remember now what that was.  There was some big feeling about admitting this to him, similar to the feeling I had when I thought 'what if my parents knew Lynn had called this last Wednesday and said he was in town' [although he wasn't; he had made it up] - I was going to keep it from them.  Dad offered no advice or assistance about the people in my house.  Later, Dad and I discovered we could fly, because of the mushrooms.  Little flights - you had to start walking, and think about flying, focusing, believe you could fly, and then we would take off and fly.  It was never far from the ground.  We experimented with it all over.  There was a beach outside the house, and we both flew out to that and were amazed.  It felt fantastic, so freeing, such mind power.  I got better at it, and could fly down the hallways in the house.  Out on the beach, I discovered Dad and I had flown out there with these huge tubular balloons.  They were two or three times our height, and we were playing with them.  Then the one I had brought out there disappeared, and I found out the woman who had invaded my house earlier had taken it, because she believed the balloon was the key to be able to fly.  I was mad about that, her greediness, taking mine without asking because of her erroneous belief, but it was humorous too, her human nature.  Again I was reminded that people had taken advantage of me.  It didn't matter, I could fly anyway, and kept flying little spurts all over.  I flew through the house hallways, I remember the process, looking down and believing over and over I could fly, and then the lift-off, so exhilarating each time it worked.  Then I went outside and flew up a little steep path through close trees, and emerged on top, like at a road.  