This was a really beautiful dream, in a lot of ways.  It was full of hope, and beauty, and excellent plans for the future.  In the dream I knew I was buying a house, and I went to go see it one day.  I came upon the house I thought I was buying, and it didn't look anything like the house I'm really buying.  It was larger for one thing, 2 story, and 3 bedrooms and 2 baths.  I was walking through it, looking through the rooms.  2 of the bedrooms were downstairs.  I was picturing the floor plan in my head.  One master bedroom was upstairs and I was picturing how my furniture would look in there, which room I would like my bedroom to be.  And I thought, why not make the bedroom in the back family room, because the back family room had these sliding glass doors that look out onto a wooded back lot, it was very private, it was out in the country, it had land and space around it, and a lot of trees right outside the house.  And I thought, how cool, I'm not going to use the bedrooms for bedrooms at all, I'm going to put my bedroom in the back family room, because it has high vaulted ceilings, and it opens up totally to this back yard area, and it seemed like the windows were 2 stories tall too, like in that part of the house, the second story was open.  Also out back there was a barbeque grill area.  It was a stone fireplace setup, just out back on this concrete patio.  And I also thought that was very cool, I really liked that, and at one point in the dream there was a little gathering there, and somebody was actually grilling meat over a little fire they'd made in this stone fireplace.  But at some point in there, as I was thinking about the floor plan of this house, I realized, this is not at all like the house I'm actually buying.  This house is much bigger, and it has more bedrooms, and a LOT more space, and more rooms overall, and the option of using the back family room for my bedroom, that's not even possible.   I was thinking, this is not the house I'm buying, what is the house I'm buying?  For a long time, I couldn't bring it up from memory, I couldn't remember what the house looked like.  But after a while, I suddenly remembered the house that I am buying.  I got a picture of it in my head, and I realized again with a shock, this house that I'm in is not the house I'm buying.  And I was a little bummed out about that, because I realized that, with the house I'm buying, there aren't the same kind of options, I can't make any room I want into the bedroom.  There's only one living room, and I can't make it the bedroom.  But, despite that realization, the dream continued, and now this house that I was in, looking at, thinking I was buying, became (it just sort of merged, segued into) an even larger house, and this place was really unusual.  It was three stories tall.  And it had this central or main living area, a long cylindrical column done in white stucco, that was all open, going up all three stories, and then there were ledges and jumps around the edge, also white stucco, that got you to different rooms, like the bedroom.  I went up these ledges thinking HOW incredibly cool this place was.  I loved the setup of it, I loved that you had to kind of climb to get to your bedroom.  All the ceilings were high, I remember looking at all the ceilings.  The bedroom ceiling was high, even though it was up on the third floor.  By the ledge that went into the bedroom, was another ledge that I hadn't looked in, I hadn't gotten on it when I first looked at the house, so this was a surprise.  I got on that ledge, and went into the room that it led to, and it was a bathroom. It was the master bath but it was like the whole room was the shower.  It was huge, very very tall, tiled room, with what looked like a bowl-shaped floor.  It sort of sloped down, the floor wasn't just flat, it saucered down to a place where you stand, and there must have been a drain on there, and the whole room was the shower, like you just stepped into this tile room to bathe.  It was a really neat shape, it was really up high, on the third floor, you could look out into the whole rest of the house while you were taking a shower.  And it was so cool.  At one point, I was up on those ledges looking into that cool bathroom.  And Maddie came up to join me.  I told her to go back down, and I watched her leaping from ledge to ledge to get back down to the ground floor.  It was really cool.  After the house became the largest version, the three story one, there was a party in the house and a lot of people were there.  It was already set up for living.  And a guy came in that I knew and liked.  He was kind of like John N, one of those big good-looking, strapping fellows.  He came in and I said "Would you like to see my rock frame?" [In reality I had constructed a picture frame out of slickrock, an idea I thought up while driving to move back to Moab.]  And he said "Yeah."  Dad was in the room, and I was aware that Dad was watching me and that I was showing off the frame I made, but I thought, fuck I deserve to show off this frame, it's gorgeous and unique, and it was hard work to make it.  So I went to where I thought the frame had been set up, and it wasn't there, someone had pushed it back further, behind sort of a curtain.  It was back further than where I thought it should be displayed.  But I saw it immediately, I mean I picked it out, even though it was dark, with the party and the people and everything.  I went and got it, and I showed the guy my frame.  And Dad came up and he took the frame out of my hand, and he said "Now how did you do this color, right here?"  At that point the frame became different, it had some rocks inset into the bottom slab of rock, and it was more artsy, like I had done colors or sand or rocks, glued them in to the slab.  I thought he was pointing to the glue, and I thought to myself, It's JB Weld, Dad.  But then I realized he was pointing to the rocks that were inset in there, and I told him, "Well that's mud or ashes (or something)," and he took it and he like, hit one of the rocks that was inset to point out to me what he meant, and the rock fell out, it broke off and fell out.   He didn't even care.  It fell out, and he didn't even look for it on the ground.  He started to give the frame back to me and walk away, and I said, "Dad wait, you knocked this rock out, and we need to find it so I can put it back in."  And I started looking around the ground for the rock.  For some reason, although we were inside the house, the ground was covered with rocks, as if we were outside, there was gravel and sand, rocks all around, and I couldn't find the rock that had fallen out.  I wanted him to help me because he was the one who had seen the rock before he hit it, and I wasn't really sure what it had looked like, the one he knocked out.  And I got this impression that he didn't care about my frames (my creative work or my ideas), he wasn't impressed, he didn't think it was much of a business, or that it would ever do anything for me, it would never go anywhere for me, that it wasn't a worthwhile endeavor.