I was in a neighborhood, a street that I knew well.  As if I worked there and lived there and walked up and down the street there and knew all the people in that place.  Sounds kinda like Moab.  I was familiar there, I felt comfortable there, like it was my home.  I went into a nightclub, and there was a girl that I knew there, she was about my age, and she worked there, and maybe I worked there too with her, but I met up with her in there and we talked.  Then I started to go home.  I walked back down the street.  It was night, and I was telling someone, I'm buying a house here, it's on this street, and they said "Which one?"  And I looked across the street, along all the houses, and I couldn't really remember which one I was buying.  It's not that they looked all the same, it's just that it was too unfamiliar to me, it wasn't my house yet, so it was hard for me to pick it out and say that's the one.  But then I realized that, oh it's probably this one right across the street from me and then one house down.  Then there was a little segue where I was inside the house eating soup or something from a bowl at the table.  I was all alone.  It's like I had just stopped in there to use my new house for dinner and then I was gonna leave again.  When I came back out this segue merged with the part where I was telling someone I was buying a house, and I realized I had been in the wrong house.  And the person I was with was laughing at me, saying "you don't even know what house you're buying, you can't remember?"  They thought that was so humorous.  And then I looked at this house again and I went: no, it must be a house further down the block, that's right.  I started to remember better.  And then details of this house that I was gonna buy came to mind.  And it was set up totally different than the house I really am buying [in reality].  It had a front patio area or garden area that had a wooden fence.  A tall wooden fence, which I don't have at my house.  And it had a swimming pool sort of on the front and side of the house.  And then I saw myself coming out of the house by the swimming pool and I remember thinking "Lynn will really like this."  Not Lynn "would" like this.  But that when he sees it, he'll like this, the way this is set up, with the swimming pool.  Next in the dream, I'm with this woman that I had seen earlier at the club, and we apparently live together, in another place, that's kind of small and old and kind of run down, a rental home.  And she's come home and we're doing our things in the evening in this house.  I have somehow acquired a child, it's a little boy, he's blond, and he has some problems, like behavioral problems.  I'm not sure how I acquired this kid.  I think he was abandoned or someone asked me to take him, take care of him, and so I have been taking care of him in this little house.  This girl I live with is very supportive of me taking on this kid.  She wants me to.  She thinks it's a good thing.  And she may even have a child of her own there, taking care of it, so she wants us both to be doing that.  But there comes a point where someone outside our circle protests the fact that I have this child.  He comes and he's talking to the girl I live with, saying, how can she just take this kid, what if it's someone else's, what if someone else has rights to this kid, can claim it, she has no standing.  And the girl is sticking up for me, saying, she's been taking care of it, it is hers.    And while they're having this conversation in another room, I go to look in on the little boy, and I look through a window and a doorway into a room in our house.  And I see him, he thinks he's alone, and he's pacing slowly toward the wall, and on purpose he'll let his head hit the wall, bounce back, and then back up backwards, pacing to the other wall, hit the other wall with his back, and then pace forward to the first wall and hit his head, just back and forth.  Like autism.  "He's in bad shape," I think; he's not acting very normal.  And then he hears me or I open the door and he sees me, and he turns around and I see his face and it's this very wide, young, chubby face, blond hair that's long and needs a haircut, and he smiles at me, and his cheeks and eyes are sort of wide-set.  I mean he looks nothing like me.  I feel very distant from him, very much like a stranger to him.  I really have no place taking care of this child, first of all, because he feels like a stranger.  I don't feel close to him, I feel weird about him, and second of all because he's obviously got some major problems that I'm really not equipped or experienced to handle.  And third of all, it occurs to me that I've just left him alone practically all day, and what the hell kind of parent am I making, that I leave him for such long periods of time with no supervision at all.  And I feel like I could never make his problems better, I would only make it worse.  I don't really take care of him correctly.  I'm not really there for him.  Somehow I overhear the conversation that the guy is having with my roommate.  They must have been on the phone, and I come into the room.  He's not there but he's talking to her, and I say to her, you know, wait, no, don't stick up for me.  Because if that guy is meant to have this child, and I'm not meant to really take care of it, then I trust in the powers of the universe to let the right thing happen.  And if I'm not meant to do this, then it won't happen, and that's fine with me.  She's looking at me incredulously, like how could you give this up.  And I just feel like, I'd almost rather the guy take this child off my hands.  All of a sudden I just don't feel up to it.  I don't want to fight that fight.  And I feel like, if someone's coming to claim this child, I could very easily back out of this, and feel like it wasn't the right thing for me anyway.  I did feel strongly convinced in this dream as I was telling her this, that the universe does provide everything we need.  I've seen it over and over in my life, when we think we're being denied something, or we're not getting something, we're really getting something else, i.e. the thing we actually need for growth or evolving.  I said that with conviction to her.