Feels like the same ol' chicken soup dream yet I don't know if I've ever dreamt about this soup before. Crush was playing. My dad hired them I think. They played in this church/bar parking lot. Nobody came. I was pissed cause they would take long 1/2 hour breaks or longer between each song. I tried to tell them they sucked but would then just apologize for what I said. In the parking lot, 2 other bands were practicing quietly. One band wore all cavemen outfits and they were set up like Hollywood Squares. I wanted to go camping. I had this favorite trail that I started doing over and over again. It almost became like a personal race course. There was one area where the trail split. The one way I never went, went across a river. There was a lean-to. The lean-to, as I eventually found out one day was a loft with a nice double bed, a closet, lights - just like a regular bedroom. It had once belonged to the woman who owned 14 K. Street. A lot of her stuff was still in there - clothes, books, curtains, photo albums. There was also my moms storage stuff like a sewing machine and thread. I looked throughout the album and saw a picture of the lady as a little girl. She looked exactly like me. A little boy looked just like Eric. In another picture the father looked like Roger. I ripped a picture out. When I got back from hiking, the band was still on break - I'm pissed. I tell everyone that we should all go camping and stay in the lean-to and that I'll make some French Onion chicken soup. Ronny tells everyone that my soup sucks. Ahmad asks him why he doesn't make it then and Ronny says because he hates it but if Ahmad gets him 30 lbs of dog meat then he'll cook it for us the right way. I show my mother the picture and she is surprised. Sam and Kim said that they would go camping but then Kim backs out. So Sam asks if just he and I would want to go. Hmmmm, i think, that would be fun. He wants to climb a mountain though, and not go on my special trail (which is basically flat) with the lean-to. One thing i forgot....when I was going down hills on the trail it almost had the affect of skydiving. I felt like my hands were holding onto two bannisters and I would slide down the slope from he sky. Sometimes the geography would turn into a map-like feature. I could see small trees and the outline of the path and I would try to aim for that. The size of the tree tops were about the size of quarters. [Crush = college band with good friends; Eric = my brother; K. Street = street my parents live on; Roger = mother and fathers friend; Ronny = friend; Ahmad = love interest at the time; Sam = friend, goes out with Kim; Kim = friend, goes out with Sam]