I don't know who it was but there was a girl who told me to go down this river that is off of Moose Pond. She said, "It's easy to find because there is a pineapple tree right at the entrance". I decided to go and it was really easy to find. There were these huge bright yellow cactus-like trees all over the place. Very surreal looking, almost like Dr. Suess. I looked up into one tree and saw tons of big bananas. I kept on paddling in my blue canoe and I somehow felt as through I had been down this river before. In fact, I knew I had been in the entrance area but I guess I had turned around and not gone down. I decided to keep going. On the left hand side there were about 6 cages in a row. I don't know how I knew but I feel as though someone told me (although there was no one around) that these animals had been experimented on. They were fucked up. The animals were spazzing out, banging around in their little cages. One of the animals I remember was a sort of small dinosaur-like creature with a saucer shaped head that could stand upright on two legs, another animal, actually, there were 2 in 1 cage - were these monkeys with really long legs. They just stood there. I kept paddling on. Once again on the left side some swimming pools, that were built right on the edge of the river, passed by. They looked really nice. On either side of the pools were these big billboards that advertised the pools - something like "Johnson Development Estates". I don't know. There were not very many people at the pools. There were no other buildings around except the pools themselves. The pools were just surrounded by jungle and the two billboards. I kept going on and came across a lot of people sitting at computers. They were learning how to use them. There was a big screen so that I could see what they were writing. This computer area was much the same as the pools - surround by nothing. There was a pool area connected with this computer school place. It was shaped in the same way that the desks were arranged and actually looked like it was an area where people could learn computers while sitting in the water. But it was empty. I felt as though the stuff they were doing on their computers was very basic and boring to watch. Except for this one bald-head guy who was doing his own thing. On his screen, there was a picture of a man sitting at his desk with his hands on the desk. This guy was able to make this image appear to swivel in his chair. I kept paddling on. On the left there were more animals in cages. I decided to turn around because it looked like it was going to rain hard up where the lake was. I paddled really fast, trying to avoid the people who were walking the other way in the river. It was strange because sometimes the sky overhead would get completely dark so I had trouble seeing and trying to steer around the people. One family walks by and one of the kids had dropped a ski boot which was floating on the surface. As I was paddling back I had a sort of nervous feeling - maybe because of the darkness, or the animals. I also felt as though I needed to get back to Hal who I think was at the lake. [Hal = friend]