Very involved, cool dream. I was driving Diana to the theater and decided to go inside with her. We were taking an elevator up to the 5th floor. The elevator jammed and then began falling faster and faster. It seemed like much more than 5 floors. I thought we might die. I was sitting in a papazon chair inside the elevator and began sort of jumping in the air to see if I could ease the contact. But at the bottom, the elevator slowed down and the doors opened. Diana was supposed to be in a play. I went in with her and began fooling with some string attached to the ceiling. It was like bungee fishing wire and I was jumping really high in the air. They wanted me in the play too. The play was about 2 girls who come off an elevator into a weird land where these people are trying to do something with them. I am really good at jumping and was doing some neat tricks like jumping over people at the right time and going through peoples legs. Shazaal and Dirk were in it as the guys who ruled the place. The lighting was really cool, everything was fucked up and abstract. We did another run through of the play - which really didn't have any plot anyway. I was just doing whatever. This time my string broke a few times and I came crashing down. I would slither around on the floor doing weird stuff like swimming and rolling up to the audience on the floor. My shirt was ripped because of the string and my knees felt like huge bruises. I felt as though this performance wasn't as good and thought that it was only a rehearsal but Sean said that it was the one and only show. After the show, I was changing. I didn't realize it but my family and Cybil's family had been watching the show. Both our grandmothers were there and Nana was telling me jokes while sitting on the floor. I kept on trying to change but somehow it was taking forever. My parents said they'd wait outside. This person approached me and said that 'so and so' wanted to speak to me. I guess he was a big theater man. I said sure and ran to the bathroom where my mom and Cybil's mom were doing crossword puzzles. I was adamant about taking some ivy that had been used on the set. I was semi-dressed except my pants were on weird - both legs in the same hole. I went out to see the man because he wasn't the type to keep waiting. He was waiting at the end of this long pier. We was wearing all black. He had a crew cut of grey hair and light blue eyes. He said something about my eyes like, "Why do you make your eyes so blue?" - I said I couldn't help it. He wanted to tell me that I was very talented and was wondering where I had been hiding myself. Miranda's car drives by. This man is holding a balloon and let's it go. Just then Miranda's car, filled with relatives, screeches into reverse and Miranda comes running out yelling that she wants a balloon. But it's too late, it's gone. <br/