Jacques M., a professor from my college, was giving me weird glances at school. One day, I was walking around town (in an apartment building?) when he passed me and grabbed me. He brought me to his house, he was being nice. There, I met his wife. It was really weird because they were poking at me and feeling me. They told me that they were going to cook me and that Jacques had been watching me for a long time and knew I would be perfect for it. Somehow I escaped and ended up in the hallway of an apartment building. It was like a maze. Every once in awhile I would see Jacques right there but then I would run. I screamed by head off but nobody opened their door. It seemed as though Jacques knew exactly what he was doing. One door opened and it was Pete's apartment. I'd never been so happy to see him. I was frantic, trying to call the police. I was looking it up in the phone book but couldn't find it. I called the college operator but it was an answering machine. Pete lived with this guy with a bald head. Were they lovers? Some how I ended up in another apartment. It was Shazaal's place. Walter was there. I went to the bathroom which was this weird room with just a toilet. The toilet was a long bowl wrapped with toilet paper which you would have to unwrap in order to get some. It was all wet on the toilet. I can't remember anymore of the dream but I know it went on for awhile with Jacques chasing me and me screaming. And also riding in a motor boat with my family with a canoe attached to it. Along the shores of the lake where these HUGE houses, some were only feet away from each other, some were massive. There was also a section of rows and rows of blue and purple little shacks. We were trying to find a restaurant and came across Edie who recommended a place where she and Jack were going. She had a real complicated map of the lake. My mom was sitting in the canoe and it split in half. I remember using a paddle to paddle the boat away from the sides. My dad was steering but it didn't seem like he even noticed the huge rocks around. He was getting pissed that I kept yelling, "Rocks!". I imagined myself under the front of the boat with mask and gear as a way to steer the boat and to be able to see the rocks. But then I imagined getting crushed and ripped apart if you didn't see one coming. [Jacques M. = professor at college; Pete = acquaintence; Walter = ex-boyfriend; Shazaal = acquaintence; Edie= friend; Jack = friend]