I have to write a paper for English on "Catalogue of the Exhibition". I had created a piece of art, we all had. We were at this sort of camp out in the middle of the forest. The entrance was a dirt road where a restaurant was. It was built into a cliff so that it was hanging over. The A-frame roof was rock with little caves containing houses (birdhouses?) in them. Anyway, at this camp, it seemed like a school trip, lots of young people. A famous artist came. She look like Mrs. S. with grey hair. She had an art exhibit. All the pieces of art were copies of ours (mine, Edies, others). She had tried to re-create our art by doing a frame by frame thing of how we made our paintings. Her work that was copying my work was in 4 pieces. One was an orangy peach shawl with long strings; one was on the wall, it was pure white with sort of indentations of flowers; another was a pair of cowboy boots; and the other was something practical(??) When I saw the show, I was pissed. She was getting tons of praise for our artwork. I rallied with some others to steal her work since it was really ours. Some liked the idea, some didn't. Me and Kathy took the shawl and the painting. But then I began to feel guilty. I went to the artists room to ask if I could have the pieces. I forget what she said but I think it was yes? for money? I'm back at home now and I have to write my paper. I decide that I will go back to the place in the forest and write about my art and Moorash's. Before I go, Sharon receives a telex from Jahn for me. She gives it to me and automatically Sharon and Diana look over my shoulder. I say, "Stop it!" but they think I'm joking. Then I yell, "Is everything public property?!" and storm out and into Jake's room, slamming the door. The telex is long. It's about getting a group of people together to go to the woods to do our papers. The way he wrote the letter was cool. He put it inside the binding of a book and left some of the book pages in it. It was very sexual with a lot of drawings. I wanted him all by myself so I didn't want Diana and Sharon to know. [Mrs. S. = sister's mother in law; Edie = friend; Sharon = friend and roomate; Diana = good friend and roomate; Jake = roomate; Jahn = friend; Kathy = childhood friend]