It was a horrible night for driving. My car was sliding all over the road and besides that, I was lost. I was trying to get to a school, or maybe a theater where I supposed to be at rehearsal. It turns out that my destination was in Smithtown. I was with someone and we were now riding bicycles. Because I was late I decided to go really fast on my bike and up this ramp which turned out to be a glass roof. I crashed through the roof amongst a crowd of people lying on the floor. It was quiet in the room. I landed and just sat where I was. I couldn't help but giggle. I looked around me and the other people were laughing too. BUT then I looked behind me and there was Sean lying on the floor. He looked disgusting. One of his arms was chopped off, his other arm was dangling, his legs were mangled and his skin was burnt (it looked sort of like day old, dry, overcooked chickenskin). His face was even like that. As soon as I saw him the tone of the room changed. I realized that it was me who had done this to Sean with my bicycle. He kept yelling, "Why why why did you do this to me you bitch?!" He was rushed to the hospital and so was I. I was afraid that he would try to kill me so I escaped from my room and ended up in Meg Ryan's room. She was a psycho but I convinced her to let me stay. She had a room from which I see all over the hospital. Sean had a complete make over and was now this ugly terminator type guy. He had patches of skin stretched across his face to cover his old face. Looking out the window, I could see him walking around. I knew he was looking for me. It turned into this tense chase scene. He was always on my tail. At one point, we were both on the roof with Meg Ryan, and I escaped through some sort of laundry basket. For some reason, I feel as though this creature (because I couldn't tell who it was after awhile) was really gentle. I think I had feelings for him - maybe the chase wasn't about killing but confronting. [Smithtown = town mother grew up in; Sean = love interest at the time]