I was participating in a Marathon. Acutally, it was more like a triatholon in three sections. I was amazed that i was doing this since i dont run and had never practiced for this. I was one of the first people at the starting line so I had a head start above the crowds. We ran out of the city for awhile and then on these nature paths through the woods up this hill/mountain. Most of the time I was running by myself. At the top there was a stopping station. Here, we were given drinks and were examined by a doctor. They weighed me and I had lost 13 lbs. from sweating so much. They gave me a shot in the arm and sent me off again. For the next event we were riding unicycles. They passed them out as we went out the door. I had never ridden one before but I saw how other people were doing it and just followed them. I found that I was a natural at the unicycle. I could push the pedals really hard and control it beautifully. In this part of the race I moved ahead even further. Some parts of the course were nature trails. The next stopping point was hard to find - it was sortof like a scavenger hunt so i wasn't positive i was going in the right direction. Someone tipped me off though and i found it. I had to meet more doctors at this place. It was a white fishing house on the bay overlooking the city in the distance. Anyway, the exam was more thorough and this time I had to take a lot more medication. Andrew gave me a shot this time and the nurse crushed up this white crystal rock substance so that it was in big granules and told me to snort it and hold the rocks in my nostrils. I was hesitant about this but did it anyway. After a second, I blew that shit out of my nose and into the garbage. When I was ready to continue with the third event - running back to the city - there were masses of people outside the house waiting for their exams and mullling around. There were a bunch of pillows set up on the floor of the big porch for those who chose the alternative third event - the guitar playing marathon. I saw Allen and Johnny sitting down with their guitars and sheet music - all sweaty and exhausted. The pillowspaces were gettin filled up quickly. I took off running but felt really off rhythm so i could barely run. A lot of the crowd had caught up with me. I barely passed a group of women who were walking the course. The end of the race was downtown and GirlToucher was supposed to play. [Andy = boyfriend; Allen and Johnny = friends; GirlToucher = college band]