I am outside of a house. I think it's mine. In the middle of a big field with nothing around expcept one big tree. I'm playing with the kids. There is an 11 year old and a 7 year old and a baby about 2 or 3. We are throwing stuff around. Some planes fly overhead. They are in a formation which is surprising since they are commercial liners. There are 3-5 of them and the formation is strange - the planes are all tilted on their sides and they are really really close. Behind me now I see that the city is there with its narrow canyons of streets. The planes are attempting to not hit each other as they fly into the city. This definately an air traffic control mistake. Suddenly we watch as the planes slam into each other, crashing, losing control. The planes break into peices large and small and they are flying toward us at lightining speed like a meteor shower. I yell for the kids to come take cover with me behind the tree and we all cluster behind its trunk. Pieces crashing all over around us for miles, pieces embedding in the tree, hitting it at full speed like a chinese throwing star. I see a massive chunk with the United Airlines color stripes on it land right near us. We huddle there for awhile until the pieces stop falling and then venture out to check things out. It is total destruction. It might as well have been an atom bomb because the whole earth has been affected. People are hurt or dead, no electricity, destruction destruction destruction. I go in search of my family with the kids (who are now chinese). I go to a more populated area but they are not there and no one knows anything. People are distraught - crying over the dead, rumaging around for food and shelter, carrying what's left of their belongings. People are in groups all over the place - not doing much - it's not possible to do much. Every once in awhile a chunk of plane falls from the sky - smoking from it's entry into the atmosphere. I'm lucky enough to be able to get on this bus that takes us to another area so we can search for our families. I'm still with the kids, clutching them. I love them. We hear that "they" are reading off a list of email addresses of those who are known survivors - it's hosted by inch.com. I am sitting next to a guy that looks like "Charlie" from "Party of Five". We talk and I put my arm around him - there is a camaraderie between people during this time since we are all affected by the destruction. I squeeze him tight, kiss him. He puts his arms around me and we start kissing like there's no tomorrow. The bus is speeding down the highway. Up ahead, a sign tells us there is a "shift in the road" and we soon approach an area where the earth has pushed up the highway about 10 feet. (It's amazing how all this was from the planes). The driver slams the brakes and we skid to the side, stopping just horizontal with the new wall that is the highway in front of us. The driver backs up some feet and takes a 'running start' as if the whole bus is a gymnast with a spring board and somehow the bus jumps up onto the higher level of highway and we are on our way. <br/