I was at my church with my friends (both girls and boys) playing volleyball and gossiping in the gym. That night it was cold, dark, and raining, so my friend (boy) let me wear his sweatshirt so I could be warm. My friend is 14, just like I am. All of my friends are 14. I went outside with two of my friends (one boy and one girl) to talk about what has been happening. Then I remembered that I had a special mission to do with this other girl. (I have no idea who she was, but was around the age of 14.) This girl and I went to this other planet on a flying carpet. On our way over there, I saw white lights guiding our way towards this unknown place, far off in another galaxy. I remember having to carry around a notepad, the size of a regular book. I didn't write in it. I didn't have a writing utensil, but there were notes taken in the notepad. We met female aliens, made entirely of green lights, but you couldn't see any light bulbs. They were just light. There were two of them. I said, "We speak English, and we do not want to harm you." Then a huge gust of wind swept into this library type room we were in. Then there was a hole in the floor where me and this other girl fell in. We all of the sudden found ourselves parachuting. It was day. Then I ran alone, to my house. There I saw my mom, dad and 11-year-old brother. I told them I had missed them, and I was back. We were in my house, in the living room where there was a computer, television set, pool table, etc. We were all happy, for the rest of my dream. We would laugh and smile. Then my two friends came over (one boy and one girl). Then the girl who I didn't know that went to another galaxy with me came to my house. I introduced her to my family, and only her. My parents have never met my two other friends before, but I didn't introduce them to my family. All of us: me, my family, my friends, and this girl I don't know were having a good time. I felt like I knew this girl, but I've never met her in my whole life before. It was like she was my best friend. When me and this girl went to this other galaxy, we were scared of going back, because we thought we would die if we went back to Earth, but we didn't. I guess that's why all of us were so happy. The End.