This place is very mixed up between work and home. Pat is here, there are people here that I work with, but also I have a little apartment here with 2 other girls, one of whom [I think] is Trisha. I've just come back to this apartment, it's very small, and Pat is with me, and I see that Trisha has just furnished the place suddenly. This is great, I don't know how she did it, but we certainly needed the stuff, and she's even got a Christmas tree! A small one, already decorated, it's by the big front window. I'm very pleased and excited, and I'm saying, now what can we do to add something to this [by the way, I'm also very grateful to Trisha], and I suddenly think, Oh boy! Yeah! Sure, neon! We'll put (blue) neon lights in the window! (I'm thinking of sort of a frame, it'll make the tree real noticeable. Pat is also pleased with all of this, well, you girls are sure getting along well, glad to see you so enthusiastic, really getting into it. [Whatever "it" is.] [Actually the place is seeming like a dorm now.] (Another scene:) I'm looking at a piece of paper that I've found on the ground - it's a receipt, or something related to something I've been doing, outdoors here, it's something like a fair, and this has to do with jewellery. Perhaps it's a pickup slip or something, and the girl who lost it will need it to get her thing, whatever she bought. (I think she's black.) I know it relates to some things on this bulletin board, here at this booth I'm standing next to. It's one of a row of booths, all facing a sort of grassy mound and an open space, on the other side of which is something else, perhaps the stage in the 1st dream. I take down this bulletin board from the counter and look for the list (of purchasers?). Meanwhile, there's an announcement about something from across the field. I'm not finding what I'm looking for, and getting distracted by the noise. There are a couple of paper pockets with a lot of slips of paper in them, in the middle of the board slightly right of center. It should be in here if it's not tacked up by itself, and I don't see it. I'm getting a little frustrated now. I've leafed through them several times. Finally I take out the whole batch of the ones on the right and see that some have been crumpled down in back, and the one I want is there. There's been some kind of crime, theft probably. I'm not on (the grounds?) and there are a lot of people about, when this announcement is being made about it. The fact that I'm the inventory clerk is of interest here - I'm explaining to a girl standing nearby (she's got long dark straight hair, I don't know her) that I deal with the furniture and equipment. I'm with Lori, we've been doing something (working) together in this building that's a cross between work and home, and she's about to leave (for the day, I think). She says Renee wants to talk to me, she'll be along shortly, and I say ok, but I've got to do something first. I go down this open passageway to a sort of office. When I get down to the end of the passageway, I see Lori and Renee through the window - or opening, it's not a window with a frame and glass - and they're going away, I guess Lori's going home and Renee will be back. In the office I talk to this woman, she's got short curly blonde hair and is a sort of police officer. She asks me some questions and my answers confuse her. I was asked to come here and was a little apprehensive about it, but I see there's nothing much I can do to help. [This situation blends into the next one, I think - the policewoman may even be the shop owner or manager.] While I'm talking to the blonde woman, Renee comes up, waiting, and I tell her I'll be here for a bit and come along shortly, why doesn't she wait in my room? I notice her hair is rounder and fluffier than usual - still short, but a sort of bubble-do, she looks "cute" and girlie-er. I see that where we are there are toys, novelties, cute little things (this seems to be taking place in a little bitty gift shop) - I'm finished with the blonde woman and I start to look at these things. I'm having a good time looking at these toys, one of them is something I already have, too. After a while it occurs to me that Renee is still waiting on me, I'd better get back.