I started out in a dining room in a huge castle. The dining room had a fireplace with tapestries all over the place with gold thread and every color of the rainbow on them in decoration. In the center was a huge oak wood table that took up almost the whole room. It had a colorful tablecloth draped over it with gold rimmed plates and gold rimmed napkins with gold silverware and a beautiful flower arrangement in the middle of the table in a basket. Two candleholders with candles that were lit. It was my parents' new house/castle that we (my mother, my father and my little brother) had just moved into and the dining room was the only one we had furnished. The dining room was made to look like a medieval feast. There were many people there because it was my parents' house warming party. There were many people there because we had to fill up the table, but many kids I did not know. The ones I knew were my brother and the neighbor girl I like to play with. Everybody at the party was dressed in medieval clothing, like the women in hoop skirts to make the actual dress look like a dome with petticoats, and the men in trousers and waistcoats, and so were the kids. Us kids were getting bored (there were about 20 of us) and so we were going to go exploring in the house/castle because it was so big. I haven't seen much. We snuck out of the dining room and walked down solid white corridors with white doors. We saw a white living room with white carpets and white sofas and white tables. We walked until we got to a corridor which was blocked off on both sides so I couldn't tell how we got there. My little brother waistcoat and all thought it would be fun if we had this war game. The girls against the boys. My brother immediately opened one of the white doors and strangely enough found a rocky beach with a quite little wave splattering on the rocks (the rocks were only little pebbles).  My brother (who was the leader) picked up a rock and threw it at the girls. We were not happy with this. The boys thought it was a good idea and to retreat, us girls went into the closest door that was nearer to us and instead of finding a beach, we found a white corridor. All of the girls stayed behind to find something to throw at the boys, but one girl and I went to explore. We walked into the most beautiful room with rocking horses and a down quilt on the bed and every nursery would need. A balcony with open glass doors led out to the view of a courtyard with a beautiful fountain that spewed silver coins. My mother called us to dinner and we somehow found the dining room. My friend stayed behind and got a handful of coins and showed them to me.