I'm hanging out with Izzy and Benjie and some younger kids that I don't know, and we have a fat sack of weed. The dream then breaks off into a strange jungle themed joint-rolling tutorial. For some reason I'm very confused that we're putting such a small amount of weed in the joint, yet when it's rolled, there is plenty in it. After all the joints are rolled, we're out of the jungle and seem to be on some rustic great plains of the American expanse (like when the settlers were first going West). We all agree that it would be bad form to smoke and walk at the same time, so we agree to find someplace to go and smoke. I see a small settlement in the distance and suggest we head for it. As we enter this town, we don't see a single person anywhere. Though the town looks modern enough, it's empty. We see an ice cream parlor and enter it. When we enter, it's huge on the inside and very busy with what seems like the whole town's population. The ice cream parlor has no back wall. Instead there are huge pillars out of a Greek castle and beyond the pillars is a courtyard that's all marble laid and then there is a large lake connected to the courtyard where children are playing and eating ice cream. As we sit down in the parlor part under the ceiling, I'm quick to notice a set of twin boys, then twin girls, then triplet boys, then a boy and girl that I somehow know are non-identical twins. It seems that all the children I see are twins and nobody will admit it. I go to some parents and I say, "All the kids in this town have a twin. Something is happening here." And they get a weird look in their eye and say something like, "You don't know us; just get out of here," but I will not be so easily diffused. I go up to another mom and say again, "There is something fishy going on here." All the sudden I have a huge crowd around me, listening to my theory of the town and why everyone has a twin. I'm wearing blue jeans, a white T-shirt and my high school letterman jacket and I say, "Everyone plays in the lake behind this ice cream parlor. There is something in there that is doing this to you!" I then run toward the lake and get in the water waist deep and cup a handful of water and right when I take a drink, I wake up.