I'm at some park or somewhere outside and I have to go pick up Nate. I walk to my car when all the sudden I see Ben , Larry, Jeremy and George, and they need a ride, so I'm like, "Sure, guys, let's go." All of the sudden I'm riding my bike on the West Side of the city, right by Bill's Wheels, and I'm no longer with Ben and his crew, but I'm with Paul and the Mt. Diablo crew. Paul says, "Let's go to the Boardwalk and get some weed!" I'm down, so we head to the Boardwalk. Even though we're traveling towards the Mall, we're all the sudden at the Boardwalk and I'm no longer with Paul and the guys. I'm with Melinda and she's looking really hot. I'm with her outside of the Beach Bowl and there is some weird confusion. There's talk of alcohol and weed and getting caught, and all of the sudden there is no more confusion and she has a fat baggy full of weed in her hand. There are police everywhere. One stops us and asks us questions, then leaves. We're walking down the sidewalk toward the beach when Melinda hands some of the bag's contents to someone walking in our opposite direction, and at the same time drops the baggy in front of a cop. I reach down to grab the baggy and for the first time I see the weed, and it doesn't look like weed. It sort of looks like salad or flowers or something, but I grab it anyways and run. Now we're walking on the wharf and Melinda says, "Let's smoke and then go dancing all night." For some reason I feel like if I don't make my move right now, I won't ever get to see her again. I take her hand and go to the beach. There is no sand on the beach for some reason, just knee-high water. As we walk farther out I start to say romantic stuff I can't remember. There is a big pile of rocks there. We finally got to kiss here, and she says, "Wait, let me put down my purse." It takes what seems like eternity for her to put it down on the rocks, and while she does, I can feel myself beginning to wake up. In desperation, I grab the purse and throw it on the rocks. She stops and looks at me. Then she grabs me, pulls me to her and we start making out. Then I wake up.