I'm looking through a newspaper trying to find a job, and I call the number and within a few minutes I get the job. The job's in a nearby city at a small comic/model store. I'm the only employee there except for the store owner who looks just like Michael Moore. He says that today is the Grand Opening of the store and that we're going to try and get a bunch of steady customers by having a huge sale. We won't tell anyone, but secretly everything is 90% off. If they pay $21.80 on comics, we only charge the $2.18. I try to tell him that that's not a good idea. If we do that, we won't make any money, and not only that, but we'll lose a lot of money. But he won't listen to me. After we finish talking, all the customers start coming through the door. Now I'm behind the counter and I'm ringing up customers, and it's kinda fun for me to tell people that they only have to pay 10 percent of the total. They're always so happy. After everyone is gone, I walk around the store. It's completely empty. I realize that we sell some pretty corny crap, but oh well, it's a job. A certain trade-paperback comic series catches my eye and I start to read. I then realize that I'm totally alone and the owner is nowhere to be seen. As soon as I realize this, the store is packed with many more people than before, but now it's mostly parents. They all seem pretty embarrassed when they come up and ask me where they can find some weird character I've never heard of. One particular guy really pissed me off. He came up to me and asked where he could find this guy that had a whale head. He didn't know the exact name, but he kept saying, "Whale head, he has a whale head." I'm finally like, "Look man, we're really busy and this is my first day. I'm not even sure if we have that," instead of understanding and being cool about it. He mutters something under his breath and gives me this really dirty look. I'm thinking WTF and underneath the counter, so he can't see, I give him the bird. But his brother behind me sees me and is like, "What are you doing?" and I convince him I used my pointer finger, not the middle one. This seems to do the trick and then he starts asking about whale head man and by this point I've had enough. I look at both brothers straight in the eye and say, "Get the hell out of my store!" Then I wake up.