I'm at another party. I've never been to the house before (but everything looks familiar). I'm sitting out on the deck in a plastic chair, wearing my gray zip-up sweatshirt and I'm drinking a bottle of beer. I'm the only one sitting down and there is lots of activity going on around me. Some really hot girls storm out the back door to leave and they all have pissed looks on their faces. My friend Mahorn intercepts them and says something, "Before you go, let me just talk to you." He takes them behind a corner. This girl Pattie (who I work with and who I know has a crush on me, but I don't like her) comes up to me and says something I don't remember, and I just ignore her. Then this one guy comes to the doorway of the back door and says, "Hey, nice sweatshirt. You look like a fag!" and goes back inside. I jump out of my chair and follow him. I corner him and say, "What did you say?" and now he can't remember and is just trying to avoid me. I follow him around the house asking him what he said until we bump into his twin, who gives me a big toothy smile. And I think, "Oh no! this was his plan to take me to his twin, and now the two of them are going to beat me up!" This makes me really angry and I grab the first one by the arm and put his head down so I can punch it. My direct contact sends him flying across the room. He lands on his back and slides into the kitchen wall and doesn't move. Now I'm in the kitchen and without a second thought, start beating on his twin until he too is on the ground. All the sudden Nick Smith (he was a senior in football when I was a junior) appears and says, "Are we all fighting Toby? Well, let's go." After a little scuffle, I beat him up. Then Ryan Jones (another high school football senior) appears and I knock him out with three punches to the face. I've had enough and start walking to the deck when this annoying girl Cindy runs up to me, grabs my hand and starts trying to lift it up and says, "We have a winner." But I look at her and say, "Get the fuck away from me!" I walk outside and there are two guys fighting each other. I don't know either one. Guy A breaks a bottle on Guy B and he falls off the deck. I go to the edge of the deck and look down in the street and they're still fighting. Guy A gets on top of a car and Guy B picks him up and slams him on his back. He looks really hurt. I run inside the house and yell, "I need a phone. I need to call 911." No one in the house listens and as I'm running around asking, I wake up.