I see turkey and fixings in a microwave. Someone asks me if I had dinner yet. I say, "Yes, Ginny fixed me dinner." The relatives then start arriving for the reunion. I see Aunt Charlotte and invite her in. I ask her to really talk to me. She hesitates and then decides she will. We go upstairs. This is a three-story house, old but roomy house. The stairs are broad, wood, and sturdy. The square banister posts are large, beautiful and strong, as is the rail. In this room I see my father, Uncle Dudley and Dwight. Aunt Charlotte and I sit on a sort of couch. She says, "I'm not sure how much to tell you." I say, "Please tell me as much as you can. I want to know everything. You can talk about my parents. I was sexually abused, you know." She says, "I know." I try to formulate the question, "How and what do you know?" but the moment passes. She says, "Do you remember Uncle _____, a friend of Grandfather's (Lloyd) and our neighbor? He used to do this." (She demonstrates as she moves her left hand slowly and seductively from her hip down to her pubic area.) I am sitting in my white satin jeans, legs apart, and feel aware of my pose and change positions because Aunt Charlotte glances at my crotch area like I've done something seductive and wrong. I become aware of the other people in the room and say to Aunt Charlotte, "Let's go to my bedroom for more privacy to talk." She agrees and we leave the room. I realize that we'd just left my bedroom and say, "But this is my bedroom." I think about going to Dwight's bedroom and then we start walking down the stairs. My mother/Hasani/me is walking up the stairs and she says, "You're not going to let this rest, are you?" I say "No. I have 47 years of hurt. I must know so I can let go and release the pain (arthritis) and dance again." She says, "You can use my bedroom, next to the kitchen to talk." She hesitates and then says, "I can talk about it, you know, but it hurts so much." "I know," I say with empathy. Aunt Charlotte says, "Maybe we just exaggerate things." I say, "NO! That's what all the victims say."