I was on an island. This place was fairly bare, but there was a local encampment funded by the island's far-off government on the mainland. That was the locus of control and commerce and entertainment for the whole island. Behind the field station, there was a bar that reminded me of a dockside bar I know. I went inside and was at first pitted against a redheaded crazy guy. The fight was completely voluntary, a weekend fight night or something similar. He looked crazy, and I underestimate my own abilities, so I was nervous going in. But when the fight started, I quickly capitalized. I kicked at him and he came in low, trying to grab my legs and take me down. What did I do? I got behind him and put him into a chokehold. There was some rule that forbade me from choking him at a specific angle, so when I was called out by the judge, I adjusted. It took a little longer, but he was on the verge of passing out after a few extra seconds. His face looked like it was going to pop. It turned red, then blue. Then he tapped out. I won. I was tired. I went and sat with my mother at a back table until the next match. We were all sort of refugees here. I was studying at a field station at the island. There are rebels in the nearby hills. They came down one day and decided to raid the station in two waves. The hills were green and rolling, but difficult to scale--and deeper in, there were ravines and forested ridges. The first was terror. I didn't know quite why. But they came in waving AK-47s and roughed us all up. It was almost as if it was a rogue band that went in ahead of the serious group to have a little fun. I ducked out of the back patio and behind one of the three-story house's pillars. They left, and I ran to notify the headmaster we were under attack. Just as I was getting her to understand -- she was saying we should just let them run their course -- there's not much we can do. Bull shit. The second wave came in. I went out to fight them. But the second wave was by far more serious. The point man had what I can only describe as a brute shot. It launched these explosive shells at low velocity. I dodged them. And when the dozen more marauders came over the hill, I evacuated. The second man in the bar I fought was a slightly pudgy, but muscular black guy. He was solid, and fast for his relative size. I told my mother he's stronger than me, but I was still faster. I went at it. My punches connected, and I swept him at the ankles. 