Dreamed that I was in pursuit of an injured bird-like alien. I had maimed it with the covenant carbine. It was like a little tweet bird. I imagined an owl taking me and it, a friend owl, off to a nest for interrogation. But the thing made me think, somehow, I could catch baby owls in my bowels. So it got away temporarily. It flew up slightly higher than a jump. I followed with a little more effort. It went down a tunnel into a larger room filled with broken munitions. I had the rifle and I was able to use several of it other settings. Just holding it, the trigger wasn't readily apparent. I kept making it to a soft targeting laser. I shot at it a few times and it died down on my radar. By the time I got in, it had been drug off by another combatant or skulked off somewhere to die. There were broken pieces of the laser and the sniper on the ground. I picked them up, but they wouldn't equip. Just like picking up an empty weapon. I tried putting them together, but they didn't magically "click." Next, I went outside and I was taken down into the belly of the pillar of autumn, which had been resurrected, but completely taken over by the flood. It was nasty. But when I awoke, I was at an outdoor camp with a lot of other guys, rednecks who were on my team, defending our base. This was Halo, the video game, but real. I had the sniper. It was dark, the enemy was far. I could barely see the flint of the enemy snipers' scope. It was closer to America's army. One guy was defending our base-proper down at the temple, where you had to ask quietly and then progressively get louder before toy made it inside to score. The enemy took our flag and made it most of the way back. One of our guys chased them and stopped the carrier right outside his base. I took out the two guys running for it with the sniper. The flag slid down the hill. Enemies were circling from behind to get it. I alerted my camp partially because I didn't want to deal with the mess. As a counter, the guy near their base took their flag, but dropped it just outside. One-handed, I grabbed a brute shot and took out a guy no-scope with the sniper. I grabbed the flag in the same hand as the brute shot and ran to the temple. I made it past spectators, across bridges and stairs, and spit my gum out at the doors.