I was going through level after level of ancient ruin. These weren't the deepest, darkest mazes, but more like gutted old stone houses, with doors and dungeons that lead to other realms. On one of the final levels, a vampiress came out of one door and was trying to escape into another. She was a spy. Hit her with my sticks. I had two sticks, strong, fighting sticks. She dropped a potion. When activated, poured out, I guess (didn't want to think what would happen if drank -- would the portal open inside you?) a portal opened. Me and my party went inside. Inside, my team was instantly assailed by a group of sadistic killers. One was holding hostage a daughter of one of the people. Only he had the key. We chased him around the top level of a penthouse suite. He was fond of knives. He was approaching one in a room alone, then I came in, grabbed him, and hurled him against a mirror, grabbing the back of his head and then slamming it into the glass, breaking it, then dragging his face down the splintered slivers, hoping the edges would grab on his skin. I then threw him down when he didn't reveal the location of the key. I held him on his stomach, then took out a couple pieces of glass from the mirror. I threatened to cut him more. He was silent. A fellow emptied his pockets and there were two sharp pocketknives. I got up to reach for one, but then the guy made his escape. I looked back, he was gone. He'd gone outside -- there were similar battles going on in every room and hallway - it was chaos. He shut the door... and the peephole had been reversed. I looked under. I could see his feet. I grabbed a knife, an old, but still shining and sharp cross-handled dagger, and slammed it through the door, hopefully to hit his body pressed up against it. His knife, the same model as mine, came through at the same time and jabbed me in the hand. I wanted to slam through the peephole and get him in the eye. The door was a tan color. There was carpet in the room. Then, the door flung open. He had taken one of our older guys, like Captain Picard, hostage. The knife was to his neck. I wanted to throw my knife, but I didn't think it would take him down before he could cut our friend. Then, an old assassin on our side came up behind him and cut his throat with a razor. He fell to the floor, releasing our guy. Then when we were happy, the guy got up. Or started to. The assassin hit him again in the chest. I threw my knife. It hit his chest with the hilt, but then bounced and jabbed his face. He didn't move. He was dead. Also, back at the hotel, after the fight, I had a lot of glass shards embedded in my bare feet. I kept having to pull them out, like three or four long shards. I remember hit hurting, but it hurt the people looking on more to see these long pieces coming out all bloody.