It was in another country or world, where the rules were suspended and the technology was like old-mob Chicago meets swords and scythes. There was a large complex -- a restaurant lounge next to a hardware/junk parts depot. I was coming in from the outside, from a more prosperous place, after being away for a long time. My family, though, had stayed behind. Well, what was left of it anyway. The locals scoffed at me for being too soft, too high cultured. I thought they could be right. To me, they were dirty and stupid. But quite rough. The owner of the complex, guess who, a scheming Persian, had slighted my mother in some nefarious way. I sought revenge. At first, he tried to appease me, bribe me off. I started to walk away, but then rage came over me. With a well-connected friend at my side, I grabbed up a pole with a reaper-like scythe, but with a more hook-like blade, and charged into the outdoor bar, which was assembled with makeshift barrels and bare, gray-aged plywood. The building it was attached to was a former postal facility. It was huge, like the building of the newspaper where I interned. The man saw me, and then darted away into a mail shoot. He had a pistol with him. As I moved to follow him, I hesitated -- my large weapon would be unwieldy inside. My friend opened his jacket and revealed a 6-shot revolver. I took it from him, and attacked. I could see his head just peering over the top of the maze-like aluminum dividers. I fired for his head. The bullets were bunk. The shots came out slow. They didn't penetrate all the way through. I fired, each shot whizzing inches by his head, diverted by the metal. I fired a close one. It must have grazed him. He stumbled near an exit. I had a clean shot. Click. I was out. He raised his weapon and came after me. I ducked behind a corner and ran. My friend had a hard time getting more bullets out of his pocket. He handed me three. I put one, two in. and fumbled with the third. Screw it. I hope they go in the correct rotation order. He appears over the top of a metal wall. I shoot him in the chest as he raises his gun to fire. He falls back, but is still alive. I move to kill him. His daughter appears. She helped him in the plan against my family. She is pretty, but looks kind of gypsy-like. I knock her to the floor. My friend says, let's rape her. He grabs her by the arms and holds her. This actually excites me. Yes, I want revenge. Yes, I very well could be within my rights. I move to her, and pull up her thin, tattered dress. I think about it. She could have a disease. I touch her. She's wet, sticky. I decide no. I can't do this. I go to her father and put a bullet in his head. She pulls a rat-shot makeshift gun from her side and shoots him in the chest. It's almost as if she wanted it. She could have used it on us to get away. I guess she didn't like him.