I am a reporting intern at a newspaper. I am assigned a case involving a soft-core porn star in a photo shoot gone bad. I was supposed to meet with her at a pre-arranged time, along with another reporter, Kat. I was waiting for the call from the source when something came in over the police scanner -- a 911 call came in from Kat. She was reported missing. I got a text message from an unknown number stating that she was in trouble, and that I was supposed to arrive at the location, a parking garage, ASAP. For plot purposes, I'll add that the source witnessed an uneasy actress get drugged to "calm her nerves." But somehow, through OD or allergic reaction, she died. The drugs were administered to her after she had already been plied with alcohol. And she took convincing to take it. The witness played dumb. Still, they threatened her. I rush to the parking garage. Another reporter had already been dispatched -- most of the editors hadn't known we would be there for the story, and the cops' reporter just heard of the situation from the police radio. The report stated that Kat had been struck over the head when she neared the pre-arranged meeting place. She found herself slumped in the bed of a truck a few moments later. She woke up -- they hadn't knocked her out for too long. She got up, and began to run in a staggered way away, down the ramp. She got down a level, and the people had noticed her escape. They chased after her. The brown ford pickup was right in front of her. Her back was to the railing. One of the guys ran at her, but tripped over a parking block. Kat started screaming.  The other, who got spooked, opened the door. A Starbucks cup with my first name on it fell out. The guy got up and ran back to the truck. A pedestrian started to approach. The truck peeled out. It appears that I looked too eager to write the story. The editors criticized me for thinking it was in my station to cover something this big. And because of the cup, I was accused of even being complicit in the plans. Also, there was a report that came in that said four reporters had gone missing, but it was later amended.