Began with me and my brother Gerald slashing through new-era lugians (creatures in a video game called Asheron's Call we both played when we were younger) in a cave to get me a hollow axe (a weapon in that online multiplayer game). My current axe could swipe through each one in a single fall. After the hordes became too thick, we jumped out a tube with a yellow lift but many were inside. We met them outside and cut them down. They were beginning to turn into zombies. Legions of them. A bunch of young kids and rednecks began to arrive and slide down the tube that leads into the dungeon. I lead the way, others followed. A good group compiled. Including my little dog (a childhood pet) and someone to take care of her. The zombies were many. But I'd acquired a shotgun since. I was blowing them away. We were being pursued by the legion of doom, or whatever the big evil power was. The size and scope of their army was tremendous -- but they had not yet arrived here in full. We were just battling the natural wild beasts. It was a big stone building like the main city with the indoril guards in Morrowind. And it had canals. Many canals. (The dungeon had led us to an underground/outdoor type setting. I was supposed to meet my former girlfriend Annie , but she was at the end of our journey -- at the shore. In a fortress by the shore. I was to keep her safe. There was a preppy swimmer in need of help, so I used my powers to let him qualify for a race and claim his royalty position in the countryside so Annie could marry him and go off to be safe there. They here married before I was to see her again. I saw her see me. And then they were gone. I was left in a pet store like place on an upper floor of the large building. I held a little dog and was happy that she was finally clean and happy. Then I knew we must continue. I went outside, and the zombies were thicker than ever. There were stacks of industrial cargo -- we'd reached the shore area (this was the bay side). To avoid the zombies, we jumped (well, I jumped--the others had to knock stuff over to form bridges to get across... and ruined my stable jump/landing spots). A bag of special salt ripped and spilled down. And one zombie spoke to me. The salt cured or slowed the zombification process. "Kill me -- and it will be honorable" or something like that. I left him. And then the other bitten, but not-transformed zombie people gathered around. I threatened to shoot one of them if they tried anything funny. I stuffed salt into the barrel of the shotgun -- hopefully it would be more effective against the next zombie... and then. The sky turned red and any light turned red. a dust storm came from nowhere... and the legion of doom descended. The feeling was as if death had come to snatch the life out of everything everywhere, only it was worth -- that death would come only after all hope had been smashed out of you via torturous means. Thousands of lich warriors, brainwashed human minions serving a dark power. This was worse than Nazi Germany -- it was like the force from the chronicles of riddik. Only with undead and a giant seaborne army, with a giant command ship. I went into the town. I killed a few guards to get in unnoticed and quickly went inside an abandoned building with a few close warriors. "Should we wait until morning for the suicide mission to destroy their main ship?" Maybe. I had a hunch. I went inside the building and in a room met a member of the resistance who was hiding out. I felt confident with my weapon as I raided the place. He said there were more like him... and he would join us in our raid. I got a good feeling from him. Then, when we were supposed to be low and quiet, the younger brother of one of our companions started shining his flashlight through a darkened window at people dining on the sidewalk outside. He wanted them to think it was a ghost. One couple did and were shocked. Another old woman pulled a gun out of her purse... aimed... and I punched him in the face and took him down. The bullet missed him, but splintered off and hit McCoy (from Star Trek) in the leg. I told everyone to hide. The guards were on their way. I left the idiot who brought the roof down and ran. I ran into a building that looked like an outfitter store that was being forced to close. My character turned into a petite young girl. I saw someone who looked friendly on the steps... then I revealed myself -- these people looked good. They gave me some food... but then they wanted me to put on this control necklace/tag "for legal use only" it had on it. It was bright orange. The woman said, "this will hurt less if you do it now." she came toward me . I yelled, "I would rather die free than live in captivity!" I ran. I spat the food back as I made it to the window. I had River-like (from Firefly, a TV show) powers. I jumped backward and did a flip to the ground. Just then, the building next door -- the blue-suited rebel headquarters -- was being attacked. Green sidewinder-like missiles were launched inside. They launched a huge missile back the other way. it grabbed the two missiles and exited the other side right in the mass of oncoming enemy troops. but it didn't explode. it would have wiped them all out if it did. Then the psychic power enemy hero guy came in and tore out the minds of dozens of engineer-types as the poured out the front. the battle was over shortly. There were so many armed rebels... they were prepared... but when shit started flying, they went every which way. i watched as they were rounded up and stuffed into slave vans. I disabled a section of the fence to the camp from the outside -- so I could escape if I were put inside. I tied down the razor wire so I could exit over the pole. Then as I war pursued by the bad women who vowed to hunt me down, I went to a backwater Bahamas-type place with old septic trucks and porta-potties. I thought about hiding, but realized running -- getting distance on this place -- would be better. I lost my clothes, save for a shirt, in the escape. There were black guys on motorcycles and mopeds. I offered to buy one. They were trying not to make girl prostitute jokes. I knew I could probably beat them all up and steal their bikes, but I decided against it. I asked to test drive a moped (I couldn't reach the chopper pedals), plus it'd be easier to drive. He agreed... and then I took off, pedaling with the auxiliary. It was slower than I thought. They all came running after. they were running at super speed. I could barely get away. they grabbed my arms, but I peddled faster. I saw a big house at the end of the street -- I hoped I would find refuge there. But it was so far away... I awoke as the chase continued, and I was forced to do a circle maneuver.