I dreamed that I was working in the newsroom of the newspaper where I interned, after writing stories all day, and then Miriam and Heidi (editors) came up to me and said I was fired. Heidi, in her timid yet last-word way, told me they had to let me go. They didn't give any real reason, just that I wasn't doing my job up to standards and they had decided to fire me. I didn't see it coming. They handed me a check for $1000 and said I had to go. I was distraught. I didn't know why. I asked, why? Are you serious? Come on, I've done a great job every day, what reason do you have? Their response was still, we're sorry. We like you, but we need to let you go. I was afraid. Thoughts of the future ran through my head. What was I going to do? Where was I going to go? How will this affect my future at the newspaper that had just hired me? I was on the verge of tears. I was begging to let me stay, or at least give me an explanation. They wouldn't. I especially thought I could affect Heidi with my pleas. Didn't work. I left, and went home. I got in my car and just drove. When I arrived, I walked in all disappointed. I told my mother what happened. She tried to comfort me, but her words felt patronizing. They gave me an "I told you so" that it wasn't a real internship, that they were leading me on. I got mad at them. I showed them my paycheck. My father was there, and he said it was a fake thing and I should tear it up. I insisted that it wasn't - because it was real. I went downstairs to my room in the house we lived in when I was a young teenager. The walls were blue, and the desk was against the wall facing the Taylors' house. The desk was dark wooden particleboard. It was scratched, and smelled like spilt cereal and had snot on it. I sat down my new laptop on the old keyboard tray and began to play a sim-copter like game. My newspaper job, apparently, was parallel to flight school. My first helicopter was a small 2-seater. I took off and made a perfect landing. Shows them. Then, I got upgraded. It was fast, a heavy lifter. 4.5 stars. And priced reasonably as well. There were other options, like the fat, heavy birtha copter. It only got two stars. Why would anyone get that? Well, for heavy lifting, probably. I was on a mission against zombies. I wasn't sure exactly what I had to do, but knew it would become clear when I reached the combat zone. I arrived, and flew into a building, lightly bumping or just barely missing the ceiling. I flew inside, into the conference hall, realized nothing was there but Z and then flew out. I saw a green beacon. It was a person, being surrounded by zombies, up on a mesa-like patio. I flew in low and tried to hit the zombies. I missed. I swung around and took them out with the second pass. They started following me after the first pass. The glowing green female townsperson, I flew over her and she was rescued. There were two more. I rescued one not far, but time was running out to get the third. 3...2....1...0.021.... I hit pause, as I knew I wouldn't have enough time. I went upstairs to the kitchen and had dinner, mini-cupcakes and beef jerky. My sister gave me hers. I went down stairs and saw that I got a greeting card from Heidi. I ran upstairs to show my mother they actually cared and felt bad. Then when I went back down to open it, it was official-type documentation. It was a form offering me to attend seminars during the summer, and permission to use some of my articles in a contest. I thought about declining, but that'd probably hurt me in the long run. They have no gratitude. And it's one of those things where I don't know why I got fired, so when someone asks, it looks like I'm hiding something.