It was a holiday, and to celebrate I entered a freestyle fighting competition down at the local park -- it reminded me of the soccer fields in a park I know. I'd made it through several rounds, and I was in the final bout. It was against a big, fat guy. He wasn't much taller than me, but could have weighed nearly twice as much. He had on a white shirt. I was wearing a pair of black cotton martial arts pants and a plain shirt. We traded blows and grapples. I felt strong, confident. He couldn't get me down. And despite the many blows I landed, they didn't seem to defeat his resolve at all. The judges called a break. A third fighter was introduced -- a wildcard. His job was just to intervene and mix things up. The fat guy backed away. I decided I had enough energy left just to deal with him quickly. I knocked him to the ground with a sweep and then felt I had the strength -- he was lighter than me -- to grab him by the legs and swing him out of the ring. It would have been faster than wearing him down with blows for a k.o. I succeeded. He got out of the ring and didn't return within the required three seconds. I then turned to the fat guy, but the judges called another break. This time for water. I talked to him and a fan base had gathered around me and my competition. Sides had been taken. I said, no matter who does win, it's good to know I made it this far -- into the final round. But money began to trade hands -- and someone stuffed a wad of 100s into my black belt. I took it all out and put it in my pockets. This was bet money. Thousands more was being traded under a tent with a limo under it. This is where the civility began to unravel. At the start of the next round, the competition bolted from the ring. He ran to the limo. I waited for three seconds to pass, so I would at least win on a technicality. Then I began pursuit. I ran, put the guy had jumped in. He was fleeing with all the bet money. I didn't care -- I didn't even think there was a prize. But I wanted closure. I wanted the satisfaction of knowing that I beat him. The limo tore of -- and mob-types in the crowd -- and some apparently paid-off policemen -- began shooting. The glass shattered around me. I ran back to the judges' tent and began talking to one of the refs or a journalist or someone. "I know I won, but I'd rather win the right way, not on a technical knock out. If he came back, I'd give him the chance to prove himself, if he agreed that I had won the competition by the rules. But then the cops started to break everything up. My trainer and a friend began to run -- when they were cut out of their money, they got pissy. My contingent ran to the police chief's command van. As the officers/thugs began to literally extort and steal people's money as "evidence," I told him he couldn't do this, and people in these parts had guns. But he said, "maybe, but we have these--" he raised a new, high-tech smg rifle. And I said, "yeah? So what?" and punched him in the face. He went down, but went for his radio, which had dropped. I picked it up and moved it away. I also took the smg, his automatic pistol handgun and an old-fashioned wood-stock soviet-looking sniper rifle, minus a scope, from the ground near him. I knew we had to move -- fast. My trainer had his own smg. My friend, I gave him the rifle and said to guard the police chief -- we could have held it, but we also needed to go and clear out the crooks. I wanted to leave him the automatic pistol, which looked strange, with a short barrel and clip storage on top, with some kind of extra grip brace. I wanted the range. But I thought I may need the pistol later. Plus, he'd be able to pick off anyone who approached the van (it was in the middle of the field) first with the rifle. We headed off. Also, I checked the guns for shoulder straps -- the smg and the rifle had them, so that couldn't factor into the decision. We rounded a corner in a residential neighborhood. An old, sagging wooden house stood there, and two thugs were in the alleyway, crouched down, guarding the entrance in the middle of the street. I hefted the smg, and depressed the trigger slightly. A green beam lanced out. I traced it on the thug's body. A red beam followed mine and trained on the second guy. My trainer knew what he was doing. As I saw them begin to notice the beams, I opened fire. The gun was on automatic. The bullets lanced out over the 30 yards and peppered his body. He went limp. My trainer fired fewer shots. I was worried his target might not be completely dead. But then I looked at the bodies in the dim alleyway light. We'd killed them so fast; they were slumped over where they stood. Then we got closer -- a dog had been crouched next to the guy my trainer killed. It was unharmed. It bolted. I raised my rifle and fired without aiming at it as it headed for a corner. The bullets flied all around it. I don't know why I was shooting -- it's not like the dog could warn anyone. But if it arrived bloodied and alone, the others would know something's wrong. I could feel its pace. and in its final bound before it rounded the corner, I hit it twice on its flank. It made it around the corner, but I doubted it would get much further. Then we entered the house. I had a glove on my left hand, but not my trigger hand. The trigger had grown hot. A downside to this high-tech weapon. I took the pistol out of my pocket. I knew the litting thing would spit fire like a dragon in these close quarters. It's snub-nose would make it even more versatile inside than the smg. Plus, I only had one clip inside each weapon -- the smg could run out at any moment. I decided to switch the fire mode -- it had four -- auto, four burst, three burst and a couple other modes. The pistol had auto, semi and safe. Inside was a disaster. Water was leaking, I don't remember any smells, but I remember thinking I'm glad I can't smell, it would be awful. The shower was dripping, and it looked like a person had been cut up into tiny chunks and was rotting inside. We cleared the house -- it was empty. Then I saw a bank tube, the kind used for drive through banks. Inside was a wad of cash wrapped in plastic. I took it out, showed my trainer, and stuffed it into the pocket I still had some of the fighting cash. I decided to exit via the window, jumping and using vines ripping from the wall to slow my descent. As I waited for my trainer to arrive, I listened to a downstairs apartment basement window -- I heard voices from a radio coming through there. I listened close -- and wanted to fire a few shots in -- no way to tell if someone was waiting inside with a shotgun. Then, an Asian man rode up on a bicycle, threw a brown paper bag, and then fled. The bag caught fire -- the blaze was large. I ran toward the edge of the flames to get past them before they got any larger. BOOM. The world became slow motion. The explosion shockwave flashed white. I jumped. And continued on the edge. I pulled the pistol and began firing at the guy. He was wearing a white shirt. I was waiting to see red spots. I kept missing, even though the little handgun sounded like a roar as it spat bullet after bullet. I expected my trainer to be following me. The bike guy rounded a corner outside a park -- and there was an entire Asian gang there. the connections were getting deeper -- cops, gamblers, organized crime. They didn't seem armed... except for a big guy in the middle. No quantity of guns, but quality, my god -- he had what looked like a SAW. But in the commotion, two of his own people ran in front of him as he opened fire at me. He was wearing a black, mandarin-collar suit. I opened fire when his two people went down. And my shots either hit or came close enough to cause him to fall back. I decided I was outnumbered -- and out of ammo -- and fled around the corner. This was not this world. There were a bunch of guys standing on the porch of this general store looking place. Inside, it was a gun shop. Even though both guns were 9mm, I asked for 5.56 ammo. The guy said he was out. All he had was 6.8 mm specialty ammo. Damn. He offered me the m4-like gun in the case -- I had enough cash to make a deal, but it would be tough to find that ammo elsewhere given the running state I'm in. I wanted to ask for a referral to a different place or to just buy a gun with compatible ammo. I got a 9mm pistol and went outside -- and the running began anew. It took me down stairs, and through an underground tunnel that took me to the edge of the city, where the world ended. It was a large lake that went off to infinity -- or rather -- a newly discovered realm that this place leads to. I went in with a group of trip-like people who I knew. It was a plateau surrounding a white sand, blue-water basin -- with a resort in the middle. There were dinosaur-like creatures, extinct mammals and even a unicorn. I waded across and was hungry. There was a girl who was naked. She talked to me. She was like an island native with a successful business. And inside, she ran a hot dog stand.