I was working at the newspaper where I interned. I had gotten there early. But I was tired, and a little hungry. Everyone was there, the vets and all of the young people. Luckily someone brought cupcakes. Both white and chocolate frosting. I ate one vanilla. Then I went for another. Then I realized I was tired. The day was going by slowly. I put my head down on my desk and fell asleep. I thought I had only been passed out for a minute or so, but when I awoke, it was apparent I had been out for some time -- you know, that unknowing guy drooling and snoring in an inappropriate place, while everyone steps over him to do real work. I finally woke up and realized the time. I felt compelled to go out and do something. So, rain coming down, my car still musty from the sunroof incident, I started driving. I drove north, toward the bad part of town, but not quite there. I stopped at my bank to look for a story. Instead, I ended up driving around and then I realized something and needed to go back. The parking lot was a maze. I went around three or four times, cutting through the drive-thru banking center until I finally decided to turn into the bank's outdoor stairway leading inside. My car cleared the teller counters, hit the tile main floor and then I proceeded out the open front doors and down the main steps. I got out of my car, which may have been stuck, and picked up a modern, skinny skateboard. I saw another skateboard on the ground, it looked nice -- I could use it as a backup. But it was missing the front trucks and wheels. I began to try to skateboard. I felt unbalanced, but I got up and was able to cut and turn like I knew what I was doing. Two young skateboard guys were in front of me. They stopped and I fell as I ran into them. They said sorry indirectly. They looked at my board and said they once saw one you could kick and it would come up. I said yeah, a NASH skateboard. Everyone had one back in my day. We continued down the concrete path. They kept getting in my way. One pushed me, and I took a left path toward what doubled as the Reitz/building of the newspaper where I interned. I made the turn down a side path but then veered into the grass. I got up and went into the building. I went into the bathroom, and for some reason I put on a shirt and a thick coat and left my pants behind. I took the elevator up to the newsroom. Then I realized I had no pants on. It was night, so the office was dark. I dashed back into the elevator level. I hoped nobody saw me. I took the elevator back down to the safety of the bathroom. Once inside, I stepped into a stall and started to pee. It was the sort of after-sex pee. The stall door was broken. I was still wearing the heavy ski coat. Then the security guard came in. I ignored him and continued to pee. Then he came in and started watching me, under the guise of fixing the door and keeping watch. I said '"alright, nothing to see here. Everything's fine." He said ok, ok but didn't move. "I got angry and said, leave me the fuck alone, let me pee in peace, goddamn it." He finally moved. I finished and went to the sink. He followed me. I told him to leave me alone. But because he saw I had no pants on and he was a pervert, he stepped close to me and gave me an ultimatum. I nodded, ok, but instead, punched him and grabbed away the gun he was waving around. I also, somehow, had a makeshift grenade. I backed away and pointed the gun at him. It was a big gun -- it was big in my hand, black, with more stylized points than most. Like a slightly smaller desert eagle. I held the gun in my right and the grenade in my left. It was tough holding the grenade so tightly with one hand, so I changed hands. I told him he should have made his move then, and that he's too cowardly to even try anything. He stepped closer and said I wouldn't have shot. He sat down on a stool near the mirrors and laughed at me, said I wouldn't shoot if he made a move. He made a taunting false-move, and I pulled the trigger. The shot hit him in the face, right underneath his right eye. The hole was massive. It could have been a kill shot, but then again, people do survive shots to the face. I look at the gun. It has a clear clip that was so long it stuck out. I had a lot of shots left. I thought, man, I should have shot him in the kneecap or something. But he wasn't dead. He was talking. But burbling, and his right eye was turning bloody and yellow. Then, I decided to kill him. I fired all over his head and face, carefully, but he wasn't dying. Somehow things fast-forwarded to a future documentary. He was old and disfigured, like someone and sewn his face back together with rough stitches and frozen icicles. He was a mad scientist or something, with a secret mechanical lab. Next, I go back to the newsroom. Things get strange. I end up being a killer, contemplating killing a girl every night. I have the gun. And I go out and stalk a girl. I enjoy that more. So I don't do anything. One person is with me. Another wants to be killed. I throw rocks at her till one hits her and she goes down. Another just lays down and decomposes. I throw a rock at her, and hit makes an indent on her ghoulish body, her face is like a snakefish's head. Pointy teeth, round head. The rock unhinges her jaw and it flips up. I put my sandaled foot on it to put it back down. I think this is disgusting, as I got her decomposing flesh on my shoe. Cleaning solvents to fix it.