After a long day on the job I went to my small apartment to rest. It was set up like the apartment from the dream where the employees of the newspaper where I interned came to my place. Except this was darker, with no windows. It was built in to the side of a grassy, shaded hill in a residential-type neighborhood near the lifestyle center. Either a puppy or stepbrother was there -- I was worried that I'd need to take care of him. Then Sue, the co-worker at my college student newspaper I was attracted to, came in. I didn't know it was she. She was working on some sort of protest or big assignment -- to get these files that will prove a group of people or animals or something like that was being subjugated to a cruel rule or being bullied or their rights were being infringed on. She said, "I've been crying in there for 10 minutes," is how she came out. My hopes flew. Did she break up with him? I asked, "Oh, no-- how come?" "It's just wrong what they're doing to them -- I have to do something to stop it." I was disappointed, but jumped at the chance to help her with something. "No matter what, I'll help you get this done." She began the quest. She was the leader -- and a lot of liberal volunteers stepped in to help her. They began by running through the base -- there would only be one chance to stop it. There was a great robotic AI cyborg in there. Me, I moved along with the group -- unsure what the plan was -- but I was going to support them the whole way. I had more attack power and defense than any of them. I got too ahead and lost my way and fell down somewhere and had to re-spawn -- to join the group it required one of two crappy pistol-type weapons. I had them, but wondered why you needed loot to join. I thought, as I killed a creature, "is there xp sharing?" I thought, "no," the level range is too great. I found several of them, including the second in command in an elevator/puzzle room. There were tiles that supposedly had to be stepped on in a certain order. One of the people had been working and memorizing for hours. I stepped on the tiles and barely made it up to the centerpiece as the girl had her hand on my head. She was supposed to be helping, but she was preventing me from jumping. I knocked her hand off and jumped and stretched and made it up. She was nice enough... As it turned out, just as I thought, it was not an elaborate puzzle at all -- it was a lift system power coupling. I pulled the switch and the thing exploded. I jumped out of the way and everyone was ok. We then approached the main gate, where I knew the showdown would take place... we were about to get inside when I woke up.