I was driving with my mother and a friend to Iraq. We were approaching through Saudi Arabia or another quasi-friendly country. I was tired, so my mother offered to drive. After a moment, I said I'd take over -- it would draw more attention if my mother was driving. I was worried they'd find the drugs in the glove compartment if we were stopped -- they could have search dogs at the checkpoint. We got in and I went to the beach with my friends Andrew and Nate (friends from college). We walked around, saw some cute international girls, and were making jokes about the pings and occasional zips of bullets that zinged past. Everyone started laughing. An Iraqi policeman was making gestures with his gun, like it was making the noises. He had just a small pistol. Then I saw a dark, shrouded terrorist-looking shape in a doorway near a cargo container. I yelled, Officer! Policia ! Look! Terrorist! I pointed, and ran across the fine, dirty sand. Then they all lined up, wearing revolutionary military olive uniforms with Arab squiggles. They charged, I ducked into an alley between shanties. One came sprinting, and I stood in a shadow. I jumped out, tripped him, and began pounding his face with my fists until he was still. As I made the initial lunge, I thought, he's just a punk kid recruited by this shitty demagogue. He's no soldier. That may or may not have been true. Bottom line, I surprised him, and here I was, bashing his face in. Once he was down and out, I had to be sure he'd stay that way. I took off his helmet and dispatched him with it with three blows to his head. I took his gun, and his bandolier. I sprinted down the road to where Barack Obama was doing a book signing with limited security. He wanted to make a statement. I ran up with my gun back and hand forward, palm out and fingers splayed, a gesture of, "I mean you no harm." The sage saw this, and told his lone security man to ignore the gun, that I meant them no harm. I told them to get down and take cover. They ducked into a shanty. I told them, and we went out. One was approaching. The gun had come unloaded. It was an M1Garrand, not an AK as I'd expected. I took a clip out of the bandolier and loaded it. It took a moment, but it was simple enough. I held it out and looked down the sights. It was simple enough. But the sights were a little bent. Oh well, I'd make due. I had to go back for Nate and Andrew -- before I ran for help, I stood for a moment and thought, god, I can't just leave them. I began to sprint back, with Barak and a couple of his men behind me. Then they walked toward me; hey! They were released. I let Andrew check out my M-1. 