We were driving, but then we had to stop. Cassie (A friend of mine who I am often concerned about, but attracted to. She fits that chronically distressed girl stereotype.) was tired. I had my car, and there was one other car in the bunch. We were at a rest area in a field. It felt like there were eucalyptus trees all around. There was a fancy restaurant nearby. It was a popular picnic/vacation area. My brother Gerald got into some trouble with the police and went somewhere. There was a mean professor-like boss controlling our every move. He was up to no good. Like an evil Professor Kreps (Pulitzer Prize winning professor who advised some of my work). I was on his good side. He had no sense of emotion. We both went into the bathroom. He said I was doing a great job on the class project with the graphic info boxes. I took that as trivial. The sinks each had small, exotic lake creatures living in them. Isn't that inhumane, I thought? The soap would hurt them. People started coming in, and the conversation ended. The cop decided to round all of us up for whatever my brother did. Instead of having our cars all arrayed, he had us line up so we couldn't approach him or get away so easily. I hadn't done anything, but he figured guilt by association. One of those old, Smokey Bear hat cops. One of my brother's friends left then came back in his white custom truck. He tried to get past by running it against a tree, but the tree fell on the cab, crushing it, hitting him on the head, breaking his neck, and causing him to fall out of the car. I ran there. I wasn't fond of him, but he was still a person in distress. I ran, and saw him in a gutter, neck broken. I didn't want to move him, but cars might hit him here. I couldn't just leave him. I slowly straightened his neck. I heard a silent scream; since he could have been paralyzed, his brain was talking louder. I lifted him, and he kept his neck straight. He could walk, but I said, don't move, keep your head absolutely still. You might be able to walk now, but the slightest movement could paralyze you for life. You don't want that. I'm going to get help. Don't move -- and don't worry, nothing will happen. As I ran to get help, I saw my friend Cassie semi-nude waddling toward the bathroom. Contemptuous. I went to the cluster of officers for help. They ran toward the scene. I told them what had happened and they immediately responded. Next... I was helping with a murder case near the civic center in the fantasy school where I ran to catch the bus that was shaped like a theme park. I got a parking pass, and parked on the edge of downtown behind a red phone booth in a tow yard owned by an Indian guy. 