I'm in some cafe area. Danny Devito sits with me. I am interviewing him. He likes me and we joke back and forth. We are talking about dating. I say I just don't know how to "play the game," its been so long because I hate the game of it all. He wants to kiss me and makes a wiggly eyebrow joking about "squeaking" my breasts. I raise my hands in defense. We laugh. A whole lot of people are around standing, watching the interview hopefully. It's obvious we like each other and we are having fun joking back and forth. Finally  says, "Let's kiss." I say, "OK, but don't rush it." This is important because if I don't like the kiss, I won't want a relationship with him and I don't want to ruin the chance because I do like him and I've been lonely for a long time. I want to have a relationship. So we kiss; it's not the best, but acceptable. The crowd cheers and one woman says, "I'm so glad she's finally found someone." So Danny and I talk long into the night, enjoying each other. Now we're married and I am sort of in Danny and sort of watching him. The woman/me is now Faye Dunaway. She's a total bitch. We live in the beautiful mansion, wonderfully furnished rooms, many stories high, room after room. Danny hides from me because all I do is yell, complain and speak in a harsh, angry voice. I am vacuuming. Danny and his male friend tiptoe past me going from room to room looking for a place to relax where she won't find them. Danny carries a tiny tabby kitten who is sweet, lively and curious. He/me pets the kitten. We are followed by the sound of the vacuum and her angry voice yammering. We go from room to room. We pause at the exercise room. Danny says, "She'd never come in this room," but we hear the relentless sound of the vacuum cleaner coming toward us. We accidentally knock off the handle and struggle, slightly panicked to get the door open. We do it and go on down the hall. We find an elevator but decide to use the stairs so she won't hear the elevator. We go to the roof area and get in a swimming pool. Danny lays down in the shallow water, his friend lays sort of on him, between his legs, both facing up like they were sunning. The pool is filled to overflowing with Japanese men. The kitten wants to wander on and Danny lets go of it and it goes on to play elsewhere. Faye Dunaway and her maid are standing in a window a story above the pool and looks out and sees Danny. Caught. Danny's stomach feels tight from "fear" or discomfort but he kind of gives up and continues sunning in the pool. Faye's face is full of hatred and anger.