In a city where crime families run rampant. They rule by manipulation, influence and the perception of unchangeable tradition, "it's always been this way," more so than violence. To gain political clout, they kidnap people and interbreed with them. Like the one blonde woman who was captured years ago, made to marry a boss and who I interviewed in her front yard that looked like a house our family once lived in, with the salvia bed and impatiens under the palm. She had a slip of the tongue, where she said something like, "back when they took me to this house" or something that indicated that she wanted rescuing. I asked to confirm, did you just say ___? she said yes -- she uttered a code word. I arrested the guy. The case I was currently working on was like that. It involved a scion of the bunch setting up another young girl -- her daughter -- to be kidnapped in a similar way. Though this one may have gone awry. Remember, this place was more and more governed by violence. I was just a reporter -- but they quickly deputized me when I found myself in deeper than most of the clueless cops -- who had looked the other way for generations, because "that's the way it's been." But when the outside influence began creeping in, to clean things up, they were met with huge resistance--a limo full of thugs got into a gun fight. I took some out from a balcony window. I had a James Bond ppk, and also a fallen bad guy's magnum revolver. I joked about going in with both -- or even going in with two sawed-off shotguns, two over-under guns and a high-tech pump gun. We were low on weapons and heavy-duty ammo. we had a supply of Thompsons, but they were in pieces and disrepair. Standard-issue guns weren't quite enough. I wanted a new hk ump or something -- but they just weren't available. I also remember teaming up with the sister of one of the kidnapped people, who was in the station for questioning. She suggested I keep behaving the way I was -- it's why they gave her the add pills. Looking at all the mess of discarded half-empty clips, malfunctioning guns, obsolete revolvers on the floor of the hotel-turned police headquarters. Earlier, I was trying to track people down through phone records and calls made through a central node. They were in this lakeside residential neighborhood, around the constantly rain-soaked downtown area. It's as if the computer age met the age where lines were still connected by hand. I'd gotten a list from the phone girl. The pills are how the girl from the family keeps skinny. I was knocked out in a car. But I awoke and overheard the story of how something happened -- how the people fought each other, and how they were going to or did abduct the kid with the help from the kid in the family selling out his own cousin. It's about family betrayal and politics.