My mind became the World of Warcraft. I saw that my former girlfriend Karen was logged in for some reason. I wanted to just casually jibe here -- her tree-like character had a nose that looked exactly like hers. It was like the face in the wood along the Rainbow River. She was a trunk, with branch-like arms that stretched up, with maple-shaped amber leafs hanging from the limbs. I was logged in with a cell phone-type device; like a Samsung, foreign cell phone/computer. It was small. I struggled with the keyboard. I wanted to send her a message: "Karen ! Your character's nose looks exactly like it does in real life!?" A little insult, but fun, playful. In a way, jibing her, I felt, would cause her to somehow like me more. I saw she was at the beach at first, under a pier near her house. I saw her there through the screen. But when I got there, I saw she had run into the woods, and was standing in the middle of a road. I ran to her, but then she took off. She disappeared . She was headed toward a soccer complex I know. I went after her, but when I got there, I found there were a few creatures there beyond my level. I was using just the player I only use occasionally, so I was still vulnerable. A boar, a red, blood-rage boar attacked me. It had jagged red markings on it. Bloodlust. It came at me, and I didn't think I could fight it. So I ran. And as I ran, I ran near the concrete wall that separated the hard area (soccer fields) from the tamer zone (near the bathroom/concession stand). I grabbed the board by the neck as it neared, and steered it into the wall. It collided, smashed its head, and died. Do I get experience for that?, I thought. I looked around for Karen, but instead, I only encountered more creatures. This time, in the easier area. A horse. A bull. A goat. The goat came at me, and I grabbed it by the horns. I had my Gerber pocket knife. I knew I could kill it, but I didn't want to. It was just a goat. I held it until it passed out. Next, a bull-like creature charged. Each time, I grabbed it, and threw it toward the ground. It got injured until it expired. Then, horses, dozens, came running. They were the riders of Rohan, fresh from a victory. It was like after a big college football game, when the people stream into the streets. And then Karen, with all of her girlfriends, came up. She seemed so happy to see me. I saw her, called her name, and then she turned to me. Her eyes lit up. She was drunk, but the sentiment meant something to me all the same. She ran toward me, and wrapped her arms around my neck. She kissed me. She kissed me hard. I kissed her back. I was surprised how she was this way in front of her friends. But I liked it. It made me happy, that she would take enough pride in me to launch such a display of affection. She said, "Eric, I missed you. It's you, I can't believe it. I've been waiting for this. You're so special to me." But, like always, she had to go. She had to get to Chicago. "But I want to stay and sleep," she said. I knew the "with you" was implied. I envisioned my room in my college apartment. The smell. The sheets.