I dreamt that my high school sweetheart Cindy came to visit me while I was staying at grandma's house. Only the room was a mix between the most cluttered of my college apartments and the sparingly decorated extra bedroom upstairs in the house my grandparents have lived for the past quarter-decade. Four monitors were there. Two double displays, a long, modern single display and a smaller computer monitor set aside for my xbox. I wondered at both the waste and the potential utility. But I was please to have such an array -- just think of the organization! She came in as a small bird, burrowing through the ground. When she emerged, she was a woman changed. Or trying to change. The magnetism was there like always, only now, there was little facade of reticence. We seized upon each other, and we fell on the bed, the thick blankets all around. We took off our clothes. It wasn't a ravenous mutual stripping, but more a slow, casual progress toward the inevitable. I could see tattoos on her body. I doubted many were real, but even if they were stick-ons, their placement on her nubile body, the intricate swirls and flowers and dragons, attracted me to her in a new way. There was a mirrored design in that flat space between each of her breasts and shoulders. Her abdomen was covered with more, in attractive, symmetrical columns. I told her I liked this. It was the way she was showing her change. I trusted her, and she trusted me. She lay down, and I lay on top of her, finding my way in. Just like I remembered. Not long after we had started, I felt a paranoia. What can happen, will happen. We should cover up, just in case someone comes in. I reached back and pulled the old white comforter over us. With renewed vigor, I re-attached myself to her. Then a moment later, the door swung open, with a column of relatives at the door. My grandmother and grandfather were there, even though grandpa is long dead. Before I could say a word, Cindy blurted: "Hello Mr. Grandpa!" I said something nonsensical, meant to be a rock onto which the sponges of their desire to make an excuse for themselves to grow.  The door did not slam shut again as you would expect. Instead, everyone came in. I rolled over and brought the blankets back atop us. I jumped off the bed and put on pants. She covered up. They filed in. Sean (my 22 year old cousin), his friend, with a strange name, and perhaps others. We talked about miscellanea, and then, they urged us to go to church. I went along with the idea. Soon we were at a place with an exterior reminiscent of the library and art museum complex in the town where I went to high school. Inside was an auditorium, with a quiet, plexi-glass-covered press room and a tall crescent of seats, some of them doubles. Behind me, sat the church regulars. I walked in with my arm around Cindy, but she disappeared as I sat down. She was supposed to be right behind me. No matter. On a raised, square platform framed by a banister of dark-stained, glossy wood, an old woman with triangle-shaped, purple-dyed white hair spoke into a microphone, imploring questions about the scripture from the somewhat thin crowd. But this church was also synonymous with a performing arts center. It was as if the high school auditorium was transferred into a college auditorium near where I went to college, splashed with religious overtones. Grandma was occupied downstairs. She had somehow wanted to know what it was like to retrieve something from an oven herself. She'd shrunk down to an old, bird-like shape, like an owl with my grandma's face, her thinning hair turned into sparse and spotty down feathers. She was trying to carry a platter out from the oven (where the refrigerator is in her current kitchen setup) on her head, raised up with skinny, wing-like arms. How was she withstanding the heat? I said she needed to duck down a bit to make it out. Instead, she shrunk, turning into a tiny bird with an egg on her head, with curved, pin-like feathers sticking from the top, with pollen-like heads at the tips, like the stems inside a hibiscus flower. I washed her in the sink , careful not to knock off the intricate and endearing head display. But it fell into the garbage disposal. She was the size of a finch. In the middle of the question and answer sermon, a screen came down. Cindy had gone to do another performance. A voice from behind me, a peer-aged girl of hers, a sometimes friend, said "not this one again. It's overrated." But when the images flashed on the horizontal rectangular screen, with hues of indigo and white, edges rough like a blueprint, I saw that her dance was more a model strut than anything else. Her henna-tattooed body writhed around a pole that extended up and down to infinity. She floated throw the air, trails of black star fire and sparkle behind her. Her chest was bare. Her oval breasts tinted gray in the filter. And in her final pose, an angle that surveyed her body from high above, the bones in her pelvis stretched the band of her thong just far enough to see the bump of her clitoris emerge from the horizon of her flat and toned abdomen. I said to myself, "I hope all these people know I'm doing that." The show ended, and another woman with purple hair had taken to the platform, this time, shifted o the other side of the stage area. The original was now in the crowd. I raised my hand to ask a question, but put it down as the church women behind me chuckled to themselves that I should wait to see how things worked. I put my hand down, and some fat young man asked a stupid question. I wanted to ask about shellfish. The women asked what church I go to. I said non-denominational. I paused for a moment, and added, lying, Unitarianism . I waited to see their balk. Then the first purple-haired woman walked up the side-aisle, and an announced her name, followed by "denominational".