There was a mass exodus. I was among them in the masses. We were running from something. From a war. From a storm. From a force more malevolent and powerful than we could handle. So we ran. We kept going. Past a stadium. We were being funneled, officially. But I threw those corrals out the window and just took a way around a little ravine. Then, finally, we were all settled into a sprawling field. Thousands and thousands, set in a field, in a neighborhood. Along and through the streets of a tree-lined residential neighborhood, the suburbs, now turned into a refugee camp. And the disorganization and the fear were palpable. Each group stayed to themselves. Nobody knew if their neighbor spoke the same language, or believed in the same things, or wanted the same result. I was among them. I felt isolated, alone. Then someone began an organization. He stood up, and began talking to the masses, teaching them, rallying them around a central cause. Why hadn't I thought of doing this? Teach them a common language. Launch a common ideal. Rally together despite our disparity. And so, I moved through the crowd, teaching them this ideal. I was one of the teachers. One of the ones with the power to change and move the people. It seemed like minutes, but really, I think months passed. Then, we were ready. The world again began stitching itself back to normal. Whatever force had us pressed down in these camps had been pushed back. But, still, I continued on -- not teaching this time, but learning. I found my way onto a massive Norwegian submarine or something of the sort. It was a quick journey, out and back, but in the brief time, I learned much. When I got back to the port, a pretty area with simple but elegant planted gazebos and long rectangular lawns with delicate, very green grass, I immediately knew I needed to go back out on one of these ships. But I needed a translator. I found a young woman. I knew her. She was mysteriously attractive. She was a lesser rival, or competing agent or something. But she coyly accompanied me when I had her board the ship with me. We ignored the "all non-men will be landsided " or something like that. This was an old-fashioned shipping vessel. As it were, we went out, and the views were fantastic. Purple and pink and fuschia sunrises from the clean-lines of the balcony. I had my cell phone with me the whole while. I kept getting strange messages.