It was a rainy place, but the buildings were tall and glass and concrete. Inside was safe, albeit a bit gray and musty. The signs were greenish. The culture here was Asian, and the place I was staying, martial arts predominated as a pastime. I was taking atae kwan do class. Only it was special, mystical, more advanced. The teacher was a big guy, that very typical westerner who uses immersion into an aspect of Asian culture to help him forge some individuality, or re-invent his identity. He reminded me of Doug (a friend from college who dealt drugs and enjoyed practicing kung fu), but more self-assured in his form. I took the class. Suddenly, I found myself wearing a uniform. The uniform was more decorated than the others. The other students all wore white. Mine was white, but with black hems. At the end of the class, the instructor announced, does anyone want to spar? I said, "Me, I'm black belt certified. I can fight." I was feeling the tickles of adrenaline begin to spine into my system, throttling up my heart, tensing the muscles behind my eyes. "You're black belt certified," he asked? He was getting ready to fight anyway, eager to take on one of his challenging students. "Yes. I'm ready now," I said. The other students stepped back. A small rectangular ring materialized on the floor. It was always there, cordoned off by white lines of tape. I ignored it until now. He started in right away. I said "woah, woah. Wait. We need to bow first." He said, "oh, right. Sorry." We bowed, took positions, then began. He was much bigger than me, towering over me by what seemed like a head. He was big, perhaps a bit fat. I'd need to punch hard, and deep. I needed to find openings in his defenses, and make each punch drill into his core, using the shockwaves to reverberate through his fat and muscle. When we began fighting, I went inward a little. This was the mystical aspect of fighting here. Fighting was more than just fists and kicks. A HUD came up. It showed my training level -- 60. And his -- 100. This wasn't a fair fight. But I knew, for my level of training, I was better than most. During the first round, he didn't land a single solid blow. I hit him in the chest three, four, five times with rapid-fire bursts. But somehow, the announcer said I'd lost the first round. The second round began. I had a renewed vigor. I knew I'd need to hit him even harder. I did at least as well as the first round. Again, I'd lost. And then, the third round. I hit him more in this round than the previous two combined, mostly with pummeling punches to his chest; I found that he left an area open between his arms when he raised them up to protect his face. Because I was shorter, I was able to jab upward, and hit him square in the sternum. He didn't hit me once. But again, the judge registered the round as a loss for me. He said, "good match," and went off. I vowed to train harder. Then, the judge came up. I asked to see the replay. It showed on my HUD, from his perspective. He was using power-ups! This fight wasn't about raw skills, punches, kicks and damage. It was about points scored. And his power-ups, which, apparently, he'd spent most of his training working on, were worth a lot of points. Advanced speed. Rapid block. Heath boost. One after the other, at the beginning of the battle, he'd buffed up. These third-level boosts were apparently worth more than all my punches combined. And he didn't even need to hit me. I caught up with him, and said, "hey, that's not fair -- you used special moves. You didn't even hit me." He said, "Yeah, well, if I hit you, I could have taken your head off in one punch." Yeah, right. I'd like to have seen him try. I pulled up my own HUD. Wow. Lo and behold, I had buffs of my own. Mostly level 1, with a few level two. There were four levels, to my knowledge. You can't get any buffs until much later levels anyway. This system wasn't competition. I wanted a fight. The judge, she picked up on this. She offered to take me on in a fight without power-ups. I said, "yes, thank you." We went to a parking lot, and began to fight. She came at me fast and furious, with spins and kicks. I was able to dodge these. But her specialty, low disabling kicks, and especially ground-level leg sweeps, were tricky. They tripped me up. I didn't fall, but I looked foolish in trying to avoid these moves. I wasn't able to land a punch. The round ended. She'd won the first round. The human judges here, they work in intangibles. The HUD, strictly form and score. She'd used more advanced moves, and was ranked higher. The second round began . This time, I was ready. When she moved in close, I grabbed her, and threw her. She stumbled and nearly went down. She was a tall woman, solid, with bones that seemed larger than most men's '. But I was still stronger, and faster. She wasn't as high rank as the teacher, but still higher than me -- a rank around 75 or 80. The second round ended. The colored bars on the scoreboard in the HUD flashed green -- her victory. And then red -- my victory. The third round began. It ended in a draw -- it was interrupted. The restaurant opened up in the parking lot, and people began to walk in from all around. It was a Thai-style western establishment. Like KFC. And then as I walked in, the people working there were the hopeless crowd in the town where I went to high school. Cayla, Michelle, those people (who I went to high school with). They were wearing those damn company branded polo shirts, looking at me with that same cockeyed look that I can never figure out. Almost as if they're waiting for the next stupid thing for me to say.