We went to a McDonald's. She paid. She had turned into my former girlfriend Karen. The guy behind the counter, a ghetto-type guy, knew me and said, "Thanks, E" or something, and gave me back the change in foreign coins. I wanted to do him a favor and impress Karen . So I saw that Mr. Hughes (a high school teacher, mentor) was working behind the counter. An opera-type song was playing in the restaurant. The employee began singing along. Interesting match -- the guy with cornrows behind his McVisor singing opera. I said, "You should really meet up with this guy," gesturing to Mr. Hughes, who was a theater aficionado. "He's the best opera singer around." And so, they met. And I went to a different counter. Karen went to another counter to the right. There, Mr. Hughes questioned her about what we were doing. "So, the two of you going somewhere to do things?" or something. She gave back a coy answer. He smirked. He assumed what I wanted him to assume. She was with me, in fact, but not "with" me. That's when I decided I wasn't going to play her game. I left and went off on my own, trying to catch a bus. She enjoyed my company, but didn't want to take things further. I wouldn't have that. But then I found that my shoes had gone missing. My black hiking shoes. Then I found them, wet and soaked. Inside, though, there was a cryptic message. It was like a fortune cookie valentine. I received two more. The last said something like, "go play the game with her, and play for t-bone steaks like tebow." Somehow, these were her way of telling me she liked me. Strange girl. I started setting up the game. There were these two douche bags playing the game, where, I think, you bowled or threw small wooden balls toward this target lined with cards and tokens with prizes or bonuses behind them. As I was pinning the cards into place, I tried to glance at what was behind some of them so I knew where to aim. But ultimately, I knew I would play with Karen on my team. We'd be a team. And she finally gave in to her feelings.