I dreamed that Barack Obama was my father. I'd never felt so awe-struck around any man before in my life. It was as if he was on tour. He came to visit me in Thailand. I met him and his large limo. We visited a school. He was spouting wisdom with every step. I felt energized and exhilarated just being in his presence. I felt like I was somehow a better man to be in his entourage. I didn't want any special treatment, being around him. But from the jaw-drop reactions, the paralyzed stares as we walked around, it was hard not to feel special. Before we went to the school, we stopped at a gas station/clothing store. Obama jumped in with fervor, selecting acceptable, but still down to earth and local clothes. He pulled out one coat, a pair of slacks, and folded them over his arm. Who cares if I thought the clothes were a bit off. He's the president, and more than that, he is who he is. His clothes would work either way. While he was meticulously selecting his wardrobe for his Asia tour to look more local, and to contribute to the local workers, I sat with Jasmine, a woman I met on a trip, who met me at the garage. I told her, Barack Obama is my father. She said she didn't know who that was. Inside, I was incredulous. I was embarrassed and I liked her a whole lot less. She followed with us the rest of the trip, and I felt ashamed in front of Obama to have her along. At least she knows who Britney Speares is. I walk alongside him. He's tall, almost like a lanky giant. Taller than most men. And we go to a classroom. There, he talks to the students, but says to me, son, let's walk. Tell me about your school, your plans. I felt embarrassed telling him my petty aspirations. I'm writing a book. He's written two. I'm going to write for a new newspaper, which writes about him every day. He sounds impressed. I tell him about adventures sneaking into a dorm. We are on a campus, after all. He doesn't seem to get it. Maybe I'm not explaining it right. We go back after circling the campus. He mixes up the state's main public university with one of the other state universities. I tell him that's like calling a boy a girl. He has a test now. He leaves and comes back two minutes later with a box. Inside are a few sheets of white paper with instructions handwritten. We'd need to find our way to a point, then watch for a splash of a pebble in the water, then get the pebble out -- or something to that affect. The other boy playing along -- they dive in and randomly search for the rock, shaped like a mitten hand, until they come up with one -- but it's the wrong one. They didn't follow instructions. He is quiet along the bank, runs up and throws the right rock then hides among the muddy weeds. Can he do that? Didn't they see him? I guess not. He took a gamble. And aren't there massive crocodiles in this lake? Couldn't the boys get hurt? I found a lot of things wrong or risky in the things he did. But he's Obama, it doesn't matter.