I was essentially a James Bond type character. This dream is fragmented; parts of several jumbled together. I am driving in a car, my SUV, through our old neighborhood. I go past my longtime friend Chris's old house, or rather, what used to be his house. The neighborhood had turned into one of those horrible places in Southern California where designer abodes go up on a hillside, like little micro mansions. The greenery was nice in some houses. We passed a place where old men were gathered playing poker or something. I went around the corner, and then turned around to come back past the house. They were behind a screened front porch. Reminded me of the screened porch of the units on the street across from our house in a state I used to live in. Chris said "I haven't seen this place in years." I said I hadn't either. The trip was a little escape from whatever official business I was doing back at that place. I remember driving down a rural road like the one that leads to Beth's (friend with benefits) from South Avenue leading to the north side of Lake Road. We crossed cow fields and surprisingly large swathes of clean green forest and water flows and aquatic-plant choked marshes. I remember thinking how I took such things for granted, that I should have marched out and explored these things when I still lived there. I regretted that I was no longer young and would be held accountable if I did go do that because I should know the rules by now. I had to get my passport taken. I went to a place that doubled as an auto repair place -- or was it a privately owned branch of AAA? Either way, an attractive middle-age woman helped me with my picture. It was digital, through a computer. She took several pictures, each came up on the screen. A couple were pretty good. I thanked her for taking multiples for me, since my last one was so bad. "Oh, this one is fantastic," she said. Like a lot of people who say I'm terribly attractive, I only half believe her. Go to the theater. They don't refund my money or something. There, I expect to run into some of the bad guys. They attack. I fight them off with moves like kicks and throwing daggers. I remember taking down the boss. Had a gun, but didn't use it. 