I was late for a soccer game. It was supposed to begin at 7 p.m., and 7 p.m. was already here and past. I quickly gathered my things and ran down to my car. Cleats, shin guards, socks. I had some old shorts from my time playing with the vipers. I figured it didn't really matter much, since this was a reunion game. I got to the car and was pulling out when I realized I could probably use my rain jacket. It was raining moderately, and could pick up as I was waiting on the bench. I called up to my mother to throw it down from the window. Too much time passed, and I left without it. The rain let up anyway. I parked in a grassy field, with rows marked by sawed-in-half wooden telephone poles. I put on my shin guards and cleats and trotted to the field. I barely recognized my team because they still looked as young as they had. I only recognized Lawrence, the washed-out coach, when he called at me: "You here to play?" I was put in briefly, for just a few plays. I took the ball out of our defensive area and to midfield, where I crossed it to a player who eventually scored a goal, snapping the ball in from beyond the 18. I was taken out, and the game ended. I was angry that I didn't get to play more. I felt like I was at the top of my game. The coach said, "Let's wait and see. Some players are making some good plays." I didn't like him much. The game ended and I went off to the resort area. I was eyed by several girls, and eyed them back. Some of them were gypsy girls. I could tell a girl with a jagged bob, black and styled atop her head, with white skin and a black vest, was into me. But she wouldn't show it right off, nor would I. That was the game. But then a plainer, but still attractive gypsy with an accent, slightly off face, but still pretty, with long light brown hair, straight and pulled back, came up to the dining car that was sitting off the tracks and used as a little restaurant, "What room are you in?" I was skeptical at first, especially because of her strange air and her accent. I then said I am staying at a bungalow, and I don't have a room number. But I wanted to see her later. I asked what room she was in. I couldn't tell if she said "7" or "78". She had a thick accent from wherever she was. As I was about to walk out to meet this girl some more, the dark girl, putting up a pretense, said, "I'll go with you for $10, and I'm a lot better than she is." I responded with my rehearsed response to such propositions, albeit I with some hesitation, because really, I thought she might have been right about being better: "Ha-ha, sorry, I don't need to pay for what I get." I left with the accented girl and needed to return my motorcycle. I was worried that I'd lost the little rubber key. I'd just dropped the thing off. Left it. But then I realized, it would be easier to get around with a bike. I went to the long wooden shack and asked. The woman was nice. I realized it was a problem because my bike was a 1-seat only.