Inside the suburb house, I met Sue, the co-worker on the collegenewspaper I was attracted to there. Something was wrong with her, and she wasn't acting like normal. Something had happened to her, and she was no longer that eternally life-loving, sunny, bright, cheerful girl she always is. She ran away, and I went to get her. I followed her to someone else's house. It was the house of one of my relatives. She had gone there to cause trouble or something. I said I'd take her home and borrowed one of their cars. I put something in the trunk and went back to the two-story suburb house. She wasn't drunk, but it was like her inhibitions were gone. I tried to approach her and talk to her, but she was eternally flippant. Though in a flash of affection, she approached me and I took her in my arms and we went to the back bedroom and she climbed on top of me and straddled me. I looked up at her face, shrouded in those golden locks, and for a moment, I saw her as her old self. I was instantly in love again. The way she moved on me and under me was just as I expected it to be. When it was over, though, she went back to her clouded persona and her green and gold was once again gray. I wanted to stay longer, but looked and my watch and realized, oh no -- I didn't know exactly what time my flight was that day, though I thought it was at 5:45 and it was already almost 4. I hadn't even packed yet! I was driving with her and told her I had to go. I didn't want to, but at the same time it would make me look good in that I didn't look like I was perpetually longing for her. I had arrived at the first airport, got off, it was a successful flight, I think, and then had to hurry to catch my next flight, which was from the airport across town. I was angry at my father for not setting up a ride like he had told me. I left the airport in a mad hurry to the taxi stand. It looked like the taxi stand at the airport in the city where I now work. I knew it would be expensive -- wasn't the airport at least an hour outside the city? It would be expensive. Oh well, I had no choice. I was mad at myself for hanging around the airport for so long, not realizing I should have gone to my destination first at the other airport and then waited there.