I was driving my car away from a school camp beside a lake. It was a bit cold, but quite nice. I felt as if I had returned to high school to perform some official task, but had other reasons too, like receiving adulation for just being myself. The roads were narrow, and trees were all around. Like a certain lake I know, but with more trees and buildings. I remember a dream I had where I visited Ms. Homan's dance school up a ladder through a hole in the floor of an office building in the mountains (She was a dance and yoga teacher. I had a crush on her. For a teacher, she was flirty). Before I went to the place where the dancers were, I found myself in a room surrounded by computer equipment. And on the walls were various portraits of U.S. presidents, but with a strange bend in the history making them seem unfamiliar. I thought I was going to catch a train, but I was in some confusion about the seats. Also, I wanted to take a computer with me to plug into my car. Most of the computers were old and worn, being kept in a garage exposed to the outdoors for many years. I found a black Dell, like the kind at school, with a Pentium 4 processor. Brute strength, not finesse, as far as processors go, but it would do. I took it out of its metal-bracketed alcove, but was surprised to find that it was attached to a sort of printer/fax combo. I hated those things. They always break. Plus, there were more plugs than I would have had accommodation for. I left it behind and got in the car to leave. I was still wearing a wet suit. I'd been doing some adventurous stuff by the lake. I went to shower at the school building where the dancers were. All the old people where there from the old days, including the African American guy LJ. I thought he graduated. Was he one of those who came back to teach at his old high school? The nostalgia, I get. But actually turning your life to point back to your past irked me. There were many young dancers, and I felt good and bad at the same time for walking through the gaggle of girls with budding breasts in leotards with my red and black wetsuit rolled halfway down. Of course, I had the excuse of going to the showers. I felt like it wasn't fair, how easily I could impress them, and perhaps take advantage of their awestruck nature. The class ended, and for some reason, I had to burn some things. There was little kindling, only flammable liquid and a vat of just-fried french fries. It was out on a fenced in yard with patchy grass and a few trees near the fence. I dumped out the fries on top of whatever it was I was supposed to burn and poured on what was left of the flammable liquid. Whoever was near me and trying to help didn't do a good job and mixed the flaming liquid with water in a fry vat. It was no good. I tried to think of ways to quickly distill it. It did light on fire, but didn't come up into the conflagration that I hoped. Back in the room that I was supposed to be staying in, there was a puddle of curdling grease surrounding the bed, with a dead deer without horns in the middle, as if its fat had emanated out into the brown foamy puddle. I wondered if I could use some of this to burn as well. It didn't bother me about the mess in the room, as I thought that it would either disappear, was supposed to be there, or someone, whoever had caused it, would come in to clean it up. I didn't intend to sleep there. After all, I had a train to catch.