I was at the awards banquet at my university with my mom, sister and my brother Charles. They decided to show up, after all. My brother Gerald was with them in the car, but he got out right away and went off somewhere. My brother James was home playing warcraft. I was glad they were there, but hadn't expected it. They got out of a minivan. We walked to the ticket area and I got my three. The old lady put up a fuss about my brother Charles, but my mother said he was a skinny 10 year old who hardly ate anything. They let him in. I said it's not my fault -- they said you could have three free tickets, and I didn't even think you were coming. We enter on the second or third floor of Weimer Hall, and I go down to the bottom floor where tables and chairs are set up. White tablecloths. The dean, Professor Foley and some experts are there at the stage. They give away a few giant plaques, framed in glass, including one where they say, you should have told us you were in honors; we messed this one up. They put in a movie during the intermission. I was still waiting for mine. It began on a stand with a school tube tv and VCR. it was something about a big conflict like Pokémon war. I was suddenly inside it, and found myself fighting these giant creatures. There was the main guy, who was camping for a high level spawn across a line of concrete rubble -- sort of a glitch. And I was there and took on a giant crab spider thing that spawned. I killed it with electricity pretty easily. But, out of its remains, two more came. They weren't terribly deadly, but their sheer size -- several stories high -- and intimidation and fear factor would be high if they attacked the city. The last part of the dream -- I was suddenly in an ammo storage area for the government. This was like a post-war area; a war had just ended, and there were a lot of munitions laying around, and dangers still out there. My job was to help store all this ammo. But later I realized how stupid it was to spend money on all these ancient bombs, most of which are older than me. I went around the shelves and picked up some of the old mortar shells on the racks. They were old and cruddy, and unless a desperate Armageddon struggle took place, nobody would use them. The place was set up near a beach with pretty green sweeping hills going away from them inland. I climbed a hill, and there I saw Darla (a coworker from the first newspaper I worked for). She had stepped into an area with many string tripwires attached to land mines. I ran up to her, and she was saying, "it's too late." I said no, hold on, and grabbed hold of her and waited for just the right moment. I could hear the mine ticking, and knew, because of the slack tripwire string, the mine would take a second to go off. When the ticking reached a crescendo, I grabbed her and yanked her away behind a wall, and covered her. The bomb went off, we were safe. But I could hear the ticking of some of the others. So I climbed on her and protected her. I was worried the explosions would penetrate the old brick wall. They didn't. We stood up. She was close to me. And I started kissing her. she didn't resist, but on the other hand, she wasn't exactly enthusiastic. It's like she wanted to -- I definitely felt the chemistry -- but was distracted by work. She asked, do you even know where I work? And I made a joke. She didn't find it funny. I told her it had been months since I worked at that newspaper, and the last time I saw her must have been a Sunday -- no -- a Friday, since I worked in business -- exactly 9 months ago. She said she'd meet me later and come back.