And then I just ask myself how. One decade. It started when I was at a flea market on the other side of town. I was with my younger brother James. I was going through the motorcycles, looking for a cheaper way to get around. I was looking at two boxes. One was $1500, discounted. The other was $3760. The smaller, cheaper box -- I opened it. It was just pipes and stuff. Not worth it at all. There were assembled ones, but I didn't trust them. They looked abused. There were a lot of cars in the lot, too. Then I went inside the warehouse. I was going through a stack of something with my brother when I heard a riot outside. I heard screams. I heard tribal noises. Right away, I knew shit had hit the fan. This was one of those genocides. I was in a foreign country to begin with. I had been mentally preparing myself for something like this for a while. I wanted to kick open a hatch, or go out through a garage door. But my brother wanted to go out the main way. I had a very, very bad feeling. I went out, and sure enough, a little kid comes through with a switch blade. He was very young, and ultra hyperactive. He was followed by two western adults. The kids were black. I was worried I'd be maimed, not killed. I knew I could take them down, but would be injured in the process. I didn't want that. The western guy was the leader of a small band of people. I said I'd do what he wanted, whatever -- I wasn't a threat. I told my brother to stay back. Eventually, after being holed up in the warehouse -- which turned somehow into a long-haul commercial jet in feeling and in the sense we were going somewhere -- I talked to them and convinced them of intentions and in fact sort of took command. I was vulnerable because I pretended like I didn't know what was going on earlier. But when I took responsibility, I became the leader. We landed and went out. My family was with me. We had to make it all the way out across the border area to my relatives house. On the way, though ,we stopped at a family's house because a girl ran out saying there was good food inside. We saw an ipod playing a video. It was a rarity for here. I climbed an old temple thing in the alley leading to the house. I saw nicknacks from dozens of other people leaving alms.  In the market me and my brother were harassed by the local traders. I pushed them to get out of the way. Just two at first. But they followed us as we tried to steward our family through the dim market at dusk. This wasn't just the end of the world -- it was as if I'd been taken to a whole nother dimension . I was, in my head, writing a book about it. But later, my girlfriend (in the dream) would ask -- where would it be published, since I might not ever get a chance to report back to the world where I came from. I said I'd do it anyway -- for me, if anyone. We headed near a building, but I decided not to go in. "look, a nice clean building for you." they wanted us to go in to talk. They tried to pretend like they were our friends. But they just kept becoming more, like their family of gypsies was following ours -- trying to get close, to take what they could, perhaps rob us if we let our guard down. We were poor vagrants ourselves -- not about to give them a thing. The family went in. I stayed out. They separated us. And went after everyone else. This is when I pulled out my gun. I had them all run. I said, a 7-11 -- let's go somewhere where they wont feel safe. Or somewhere where important people will be. We headed toward the 7-11 and saw a car parked there. Inside was a soldier and his wife. He had a gun too. I told him we needed help from the crowd that had gathered around us still. He said yes at first, then said, no -- his brother was in the crowd. So I pulled my pistol and put it at them. I said, "Ok, that's it. If you don't leave now, that's it!" Two pulled out guns of their own. A leader, and a Collin Ferril looking guy. I just went ahead and pulled the trigger. I shot the main guy right in the head. He died. I shot Ferril, an he lingered for a moment, shot in the head as well, looking on, still conscious, in disbelief. The others then clustered in a panic. Don't forget -- the fake guns we had at the flea market; fired fast-moving, spring-loaded bullets. They were bright green and blue and red plastic. Looked like they would hurt. Picked one up to pretend to defend myself. I fired a shot into each of the bad guys heads. It was a complete gunfight. It stopped when I had sort of achieved dominance and shot all the aggressors. I had killed one girl's boyfriend. Though she saw that I had killed him only in self defense. She came to me, and I took her in. I said to her, I love you, but I killed the one you love. Go ahead. Strangle me. I won't put up a fight. She put her hands around my neck, but began to get sexual with me instead. How could I trust her? Later, she was topless, I could see her legs. They were beautiful. She was laying on my chest. There was a banquet. We had agreed to all share our food.