I was getting ready to go on a trip. Or rather, I was already on a trip and about to leave somewhere else. I was sleeping in an alcove, like a platform of wooden planks laid out into a recess in a concrete plaster wall. I had my sleeping bag and other items. Collecting all your stuff is always a pain. I remember going around the place and realizing it's a prison. I wasn't a prisoner, though. There was a little kid going around giving items to some of the prisoners. One of the prisoners in a 2-person cell thought, "I'm going to kill him." But his cell mate was like woah woah woah . The little kid, unknowingly, dropped off the item and ran away. He could have been strangled through the bars. I thought -- he must be crazy. It's in his best interest to leave the kid alone and continue to get the stuff. Or, maybe not. He'd be seen as even more vicious and not messed with at all if he was indeed sane, but utterly selfish and unconcerned with human contact, only self-preservation. Their cell walls was covered with mineral buildup from perhaps hundreds of years of natural water seeping in. It seemed like the prison was underground, beneath a thick layer of rocks. There were divots in the solid rock floor, filled with more of the calcifying water. I went in. The prisoners seemed decent enough. And from the startled reaction of the potentially homicidal prisoner when his cellmate stopped him, he was probably genuinely crazy. Like he was in a trance. They had a pet snake. A Texas hognose, like my old pet snake as a kid. Perhaps an allegory to my lizard, as I was worried she wasn't being fed well back at home. They brought in two mice. One was small enough and white, the other was bigger, and reminded me of a gerbil -- the agouti type, with sharper claws. The mouse ran around the cage, on top of the snake, and I was worried the snake would be hurt. But eventually, the snake unhinged its jaw and began to swallow the mouse. I was impressed, but expectant, at the extreme degree the snake opened its mouth. The little white mouse was hiding in the half-pine log shelter the snake had amid the pine shaving bedding. Then the snake got the mouse mostly in. I was worried whether or not it would be able to digest such a big mouse. I wondered if I should take out the remaining mouse and re-introduce it later. But the snake took care of it when I looked away. Then it escaped. Jumped out and landed. I grabbed it and tried to put it back. But I didn't want to hurt it, as it still had mice in its gullet. I was wondering if it would try to regurgitate one of the mice, or if it even could.