I've just arrived at schoold-typical-looking schoold, could have been elementary, junior high, or high school, old building, large schoolyard, chain-link fence, trees. It's morning, daylight, I've just gotten out of a vehicle and stepped onto the sidewalk, ready to walk across the grounds to class. Someone has just started off before me and I see he's veering right a bit, and as I start to take a step I suddenly realize the yard is all mud. It apparently rained last night, and everywhere I see is all smooth mud. I look for the best path and notice that the footprints are all pretty shallow, so it seems it must have dried up rather a lot. Well, okay, I'll go on across. I'm very much concerned about my clothes, though - I'm wearing white running shoes, and I realize they can be wiped off. But I also think I'm wearing white pants, and all my clothes are neat and clean, and I'm quite anxious not to get spots on them. As I walk across, carefully, I think about those little spatters you get from the tips of your toes, so I try to turn my toes out a bit. And now I've made it across. By the way, I'm not actually a student here. I'm undercover, pretending to be a student to investigate something (I don't know what). I have a partner - I'll be getting in touch with her later on. Now that I'm across, I realize I'm late. A number of us are, and there are two kids at a casement window on the 2nd floor hauling kids up through it so they won't have to go in the door and run into the principal or other teachers, going through the halls. I'm not sure I can do this. You have to go head-first through a fairly small space, and I was never much for climbing. But the girl in front of me did it okay, very fast, so I figure if she can do it, I can. It's not all that high up, actually [it couldn't actually be a 2nd floor, but that's what the dream says it was) - I just clamber up on the stones of the wall and they grab me by the arms and I slide on through into the hallway. [The guy, on my right, reminds me of Brooks - roundish, medium-light brown hair, nice guy, fun-loving. The girl, on my left, is black, I think.] I'm right in front of my class now, and I can just slip in the back when the teacher's back is turned (it's a large room, with a lot of kids, and 2 doors, both of which are open), but I need to go to the bathroom first. This room is at the end of the hall, and the bathroom is just a few steps to the right, on the near side of the hall. I go on in. It's a large, open place, with stalls that just have partitions, not high walls. They're also not set in the usual straight rows; some face one way, some are perpendicular to that, and I go looking for the "right" stall. It seems I'm concerned about being seen, and I'm actually waiting for some other girls to leave. First, though, I'm looking in a mirror at my hair. There's a black girl in front of me and I'm sort of leaning around her. My hair is black, or very dark brown, and curly, very much like black women do their hair when they get it straightened and then "done" - that quality of stiffness in the curl, not bouncy and springy. It's a bit messed up from being outside - I fluff the top a bit and look at the back. The back is separating - there's a stray curl sort of stuck in limbo while some of the rest has gone straight. I don't have time to do much for it now. Also, I look down at my feet and legs - I'm not wearing white pants after all, they're black! Wonderful! My shoes are not too messy and there's only a few spots on my pants. I'm glad. Now, looking around for a stall, I wander to the right a bit and gradually realize I'm looking at the boys' section. This is a big bathroom, and the right half is the boys'. That's why it looks a bit different. I turn around; a couple of other girls leave (blondes, by the way), and I pick a stall. I'm at a sink first, though, and I'm interested in this little sponge dispenser on the right-hand side. It's a coin-op thing, I guess, though I don't see how much it is. But it seems to be saying you get 6. I don't know why you'd want 6 sponges at the same time - I also wonder if they come out dry and squashed like the French ones and then expand when they get wet. That would make them pretty portable, after all.