I was a new recruit in a military training program. It was in a different time, with different expectations. A more pure time where there is less gray in the world. But it was a tough system. This was the program for the best of the best, and I was new -- uninitiated to the ways and tactics of these people. They trained through simulations; combat games. This was my first test. They had a young, head-strong cadet before all the rest in the hangar, standing on a sort of metal pad. The captain called me up. Said I would be a part of this exercise. He told me in confidence not to worry, that I would be o.k. Though when I saw the scenario, I felt a sinking feeling. I was to defend a shantytown just inland from a shipyard. I had only a few units, all of them beat-up and out of position. The enemy would have a fleet at his disposal, and enough marines to saturate my men 10 times over. How was this fair? The game began, and I wasted no time. I sprinted out of the hangar and looked to my right, out over the harbor. I could see the massive tangle of warships pulled up nearly to the concrete pier. I sprinted away even harbor. Since my units were out of position, I couldn't even contact them. I didn't even know where they were. They'd be mowed over -- they were mowed over -- before I even knew how many I had. I turned right around a length of chain-link, barbed-wire fence. There an intelligence agent briefly approached me. He handed me a riddle. It was something I needed to find. He told me, "it will be ok." I read the puzzle, hidden on a strip inside a plastic egg. It made no sense. I didn't have the time to put it together! They were coming! I decided I really didn't have any other options but to go with it. So I slowed to a jog, and read it again. Ok, maybe. I ran up the main road and turned down a side street in the city of plywood and corrugated steel panels. There was an area set aside, like a secret power facility. I climbed in through a hole in the fence. I pulled a panel, hit a switch, and there appeared this red gelatinous material. I knew I had to take it. But I didn't know what it did. I grabbed it and ran away as fast as I could. Right when the enemy force was about to take the city in record time, they were forced to stop -- the secret operative radioed to me: do you know what the ___ _____ can do? No, but neither did they. Could it be used as a weapon? What was it? I didn't know. All I knew is that the enemy couldn't roll in completely without first getting their hands on it. I had an idea. If I could stay hidden long enough for the scenario time to run out, I would win -- that is when reinforcements would arrive. The problem -- it would be an entire day. Well, I would do it. My strategy wasn't quite running, and it wasn't quite hiding. I would stay in the shadows of a building, and when I would hear an enemy soldier approaching, I would sprint off. They had a steady grid. Unless I slipped past it, they would find me. I was faster than they were. I remember thinking that if I did hide and I was discovered, there would be no escape from those little shanty houses. Several times I found myself caught in the open by some of them, but they couldn't kill me outright. Their orders were to capture me. So when they closed, I sprinted away, right from their grasp. This continued on, and even spilled into the rich, lush, new center city. Though it was off limits -- and I was warned not to get too close or I would be reset. Dream ended after nightfall, as I had gone on long enough to know that I would not be stopped.