Running from the bears down the mountainside toward the beach. I had just escaped one place and was headed toward the next. I needed to warn them of the invasion. Scrambled down the mountainside. It was straight down. I wondered if the two big bears could follow me. This was an amazing place. I wish there were more like it and I had time to explore. I jumped from rock to rock, letting gravity pull me as I jumped and tumbled. I arrived at the beach town. I stumbled in, ragged and torn, and went to the lifeguard station. I said to the girl, I need aid. She said, What do you need? I said I am exhausted and dehydrated. The others sat around and giggled like girls do. I liked her. "Guys like what they can't have. No. Me. I know that I always want what I can't have." I said it boldly. And then delivered a speech to get them to believe me the invasion was coming. They came and I simply grabbed her by the hand and ran. We needed to cross inland. We were trapped by the sea. I saw a bridge and had us run for it. The first one was blocked already. We needed to go further up the coast. We did, and we found an open bridge. She was getting tired. I told her to run, just run. This is it. It was donning on me as well -- this escape could be for all the marbles. I ran with her across the bridge, and it looked clear. The landscape was like the beach pine cones on an island I am familiar with. But, no! There was a second causeway leading across the marshy part. Units were taking up positions there. A person who lived there was looking on in shock. Should we go up this strip of land more? No. The road would be occupied already. I told her, we need to turn back. But... back across the long bridge we had crossed, there were two soldiers taking up position. There was no way out. But down. It was a long, long way. I didn't even know how deep it was. I assumed it would be deep enough in the channel in the middle. I told her. Look down there. Jump. Stay under as long as you can and swim for the shadows along the edge. I knew we would be sitting ducks bobbing up at the middle. She was afraid, but I knew she'd jump after me. My feet hit the water first. And down I went. I could feel my body torpedoing through the water. And Even though my eyes were closed, I could feel the bottom rushing toward me. I curled on my side and let my shoulder hit the bottom. It was gravely. I landed softly enough. I opened my eyes under water and everything was crystal clear. I could see the sun shining above me. I saw the bridge pilings in the distance. And I saw her legs kicking near the surface. She was going to give us away. I swam as deep as I could and held my breath. I was waiting to see the air trails of bullets hitting the water. None came. Those idiots might have not even seen us -- or figured we'd just committed suicide. Just as well. There were more bridges further in the distance. I had it in my mind that we would go and just keep on going until we could go no more. The adrenaline coursing through my body made all suffering and hardship seem like just something else that had to be done. We came out into a drainage canal that lead into a tunnel inside a treatment plant of some sort. It didn't look like we were followed, or that anyone was here. There were valves and gauges. We came out a door on the other side and it was night. This place was a sort of industrial area. There were lots of old corrugated steel panels and fences, lots of cast-off plywood. But as soon as we stepped out and closed the heavy door behind us, I could hear footsteps coming from inside. I poised myself to tackle whatever came through. It was a large man wearing a ghastly Halloween mask. He had a knife in one hand, like a kitchen knife, and a big wrench in the other. I grappled with him. He was slow, and not as strong as he looked. I wrestled away the wrench and hit him over the head with it. He bent over. I hit him again and again until he was motionless on the ground. But as I was wrestling him down, I yelled to the girl. Help me! She screamed back: how! Bite him, do anything! She did nothing. I took the knife out of his hand and stabbed him through his ribs a few times for good measure. We left and continued to sneak. I kept the knife. She didn't sneak very well. She didn't stay down well either. She made too much noise. That's when the cadre of bad guys -- four of them, all high level, came around the corner and took her. One looked like grand moff Tarkin. I was forced to flee. I followed them and walked into their commandeered house like I owned the place and was about to kick them out. I saw a table full of interrogation tools, and her dirty panties on the metal tray. I got angry then. What they'd done to her. I walked into the bathroom and saw her naked laying with the old Tarkin. I saw a potato peeler on the counter, picked it up, and in a fluid motion, knelt down and jammed the thing in the sleeping Tarkin's throat. I twisted it. He was dead. Then came a knock at the door. It was the others. The hallway was narrow, so only one could be at the door at a time. I opened it and a younger one was there. I hit him with the potato peeler on his chest. He had a knife, and I took it. I stabbed at him a few times and he fell back.