There was the Iraqi ministry of information. It had been taken over by terrorists. I was a journalist nearby when it happened. There were people warning me outside not to go in. But I did. Apparently, this cavernous building was home to many denizens who had taken up residence inside. And now, the people who took it over, religious zealots, were roaming the hallways with knives and razorblades slicing up the people inside who didn't conform to their standards. I went in and I saw a guy, a fat, tall Arab man, like a giant dark walking potato. He had a box cutter in his hand and crossed a perpendicular hallway segment at the other end of the hall from me. He half-saw me, and I half-saw him. He stuck his head back. I happened to find scissors on the ground. I picked them up and waved them to him friendly like -- see, I'm hunting blasphemous infidels, too. He went on, then paused. He called back. I just sort of made a sound, smiled, nodded, and carried on. He then began to run down the hallway toward me. I ducked into a doorway and shut the door. It couldn't lock. Instead of running, I decided I'd try to take him out. He pushed open the door and I slashed at him. It didn't do much. He was too bulky, and the scissors didn't go in too far. He sliced me down my arm with the razor blade. I said crap, that's not going to work, and re-loaded the setting -- like it was a game -- right before he came in the door. I tried it again. And again, the guy slashed my arm. Straight down. And then I re-loaded the game again, this time, just as he started to run down the hallway. I closed the door and this time, I ran. I ran down as far as I could go. I found myself in the basement, near a place where whatever products of their operation were tossed down into. I wanted to stay away from that pit. Down here was also where they let the women shower. There was a dull-looking Arab woman in a shower stall with a shower cap on. She was getting ready to get out. She put on a towel and hurried away, like it was all her fault that I'd seen her. I was thinking -- the guy could be down here any minute. I looked around for weapons, but found none -- just janitorial supplies. I didn't think I could keep him at bay very long with a mop. I instead found a ground-floor exit. I followed it and it emptied out into a warehouse area. There were stacks of stuff on palates. And there were a few workers and other people who had merely taken up residence in this place. I was stuck. Where could I go now? There were probably guards outside, and I knew if I tried to go up, I would run into more of those slasher brown potato men. Then, just in time, the doors flung open. A squad of American soldiers came in, followed by a small band of journalists. I walked to them, and they recognized me as an American. Shit guys, they're running around with knives! I then went outside as they pushed in. I talked to the journalists. Told them I am with the Times. They were covered in blue body armor. They said that was cool. And asked why I didn't have any helmet or anything. I did feel naked compared to them. But I turned it around. I said I was inside, and just rushed out when they got there. They were impressed. When the soldiers cleared the building they said I could stay there with my team, which just arrived. It was like the fly-ins journalism trip, my photographer, Tim, was there and the graphics/photo girls Carly and Kristin. We climbed all the way to the top, to the officers' bedroom. There were plaques and trophies and all kinds of full bottles of liquor. There was also a thing on the wall that looked a lot like a trinket with my college's emblem on it. Such trinkets are everywhere. The room was plush, and I was looking for a place to sleep that night. Couch, or carpet, it was all plush.