I'm in a restaurant, eating. I choose a vanilla cream pie. A line of auditioning actors line up. I go to join them and am shown a place to stand where I'll be out of the way. I think about protesting but let it go. Now I'm on a bus. A young, good-looking man named John is standing. He wants to dance. I go to him and offer to dance with him. I take his hand, the opposite way from normal. I am the girl, so my right arm should be out, but I take the lead with my left arm. I say in a way of explanation, "Oh well, it's my dream, after all." Then I change so he has the lead and I say, "I guess it is John's dream, really." We dance. I pull us cheek to cheek. He hesitates and pulls back slightly. He tells me a long, polite story. I say, "Well, I guess what you are saying is that I'm good looking for an older woman." He didn't want to hurt my feelings. I say, "I don't feel it. I don't like it, but it is true." I let go and walk to the front of the bus to watch the scenery. Several women and the male bus driver are singing. I join in, loudly harmonizing, showing off for John in the back of the bus. Suddenly there are bushes across the road. We drive through them, not even slowing down. But with a sense of shock I see that the road has suddenly ended in a huge lake and the bus is free floating through the air and crashes in the water. I say, "Open the door so we can swim out before we drown." The driver opens the door and we get out. Lucy is afraid. I reassure her. We paddle toward shore, which is close by. I notice the water is muddy and I then stand. The water is only waist deep; there is no danger after all. Then, someone says, "Look! A water fall," and they all go wading down the shoreline toward a thunderous, huge water fall. I say, "Oh, oh" because I will follow them and don't feel comfortable about wading in unknown muddy water. I could step in a deep hole and be in trouble, but I go anyway. Now it's a highway again that ends at a cliff edge that is glassed in. We stand and look down to see this waterfall. The people are in my way and now the glass wall is only 3' high and down a slope. I lay down on my belly and scoot in closer. All I see is an empty cafe with a sheet of water coming down the far wall. Pretty tame. I go up one level to see if I can get a better glimpse. This time the far wall is beautifully carved like natural rock formations in the form of two bear faces. I go up to the top level and still can't see the full waterfall.