It was night time, and I was on the south bank of river in the city where I work. It was much more forested than in real life, and narrower. It was like it had been 200 years ago. One of the little islands in the river beckoned. I had to retrieve something from there, or perhaps go as part of this job program/cult. I think it was the latter. I found a canoe, a very small one, and began to paddle over. The going was easy, and faster than I expected.. I had with me a friend, reminded me of another guy I once knew. Coming up to the heavy foliage on the bank of the island reminded me of pulling up to the bank of the island in the middle of the lake back in the town where I went to school when I was 10 to 15. We dodged branches, and when the bow of the canoe made landfall, I got out and wondered how I could secure it without a rope. I figured it would be fine, resting on the bank. The friend was skeptical of where we were going. We went uphill through these woods along the ridge in the middle of the island. There was a long log house, but with a modern interior that had new refrigerators and computers. It had screen doors. I went inside. There were many young people milling about doing something that resembled work of some kind, but I failed to see the purpose. They were adversarial toward me, as I was an outsider.  I told them I had permission to be a part of the program. Apparently they were about to move the program somewhere, and I needed to go to the new location, in a nearby city, if I was to be a part of it. They didn't tell me how to get there, but I followed one of them into a secret underground tunnel that led to the other side of the river and the suburban city, like in the nearby resort town, where the new operation was based. It had gray concrete walls and pipes, like the cellar or sewer level of a big building. The light was dim. There was a young woman wearing a tight white knit shirt or sweater toward the middle of the tunnel. She didn't see or hear me. She was doing something with items on a shelf against the wall, partially behind a support column. I knew she would try to keep me from passing through. She reminded me of Nicole, the girl who was over at my apartment the night before. Very fancy girl, with that sorority girl way of talking, but with a very regional tinge to her voice. I snuck up behind her and had a metal rod in my hand -- about the size of a large screwdriver -- for protection. I found it in the tunnel. The tunnel had all sorts of industrial type items like this on shelves. I walked up behind her and told her "hello." She grabbed a razor blade -- a rectangular razor blade, without a handle -- from a shelf in front of her and swiveled toward me. I didn't know how serious she was, so I grabbed her hand holding the razor. I made a threat with the rod, but she didn't seem to care or correctly called my bluff that I wasn't really going to hit her. I instead tried to get the razor from her hand and talk to her. I thought she was attractive, and felt as if her assault may have been her way of flirting. I saw myself coming across as happy go lucky and nonchalant to her utter seriousness. I was afraid she would bend her fingers to cut my hand with the razor, since I only had her by the wrist. She eventually backed off and lowered the razor. She wanted to know where I was going. I told her. She was skeptical. And we walked out of the tunnel, each eyeing each other skeptically, as if one of us could attack. I wasn't going to, but I was afraid she would. I didn't know why she saw me as a threat.