I am working out of a place that reminds me of the EU parliament in Brussels or the area around the UN in New York. It's international and political, with all the intrigue and maneuvering and people with political capital and agendas milling about. They are gathered for a big event of some kind. I am there covering it in some capacity for the newspaper where I now work. There are several other reporters and news sources there, though I feel like I have a better grasp of the undercurrent of real stuff going on. The official line isn't what it seems. There is a summit of some kind. But also a bad plot. A very bad plot, and I feel I am being perhaps manipulated to further an end I don't know about. There are steps lining the side of a cliff, sort of like the park overlooking the UN. But much more elaborate. Made of wood, the queue at a themed Disney ride or something, with rope rails. People are lined up for their turn at something, or to be let into an event at an auditorium nearby. I cut through to get to the front. I am told to give something to someone. It is Manny Paquiao, the boxer, who is a delegate from the Philippines and a material witness in something important. It's an international bomb plot that was being planned. Outside a British ministry, where they have vast stores of underground bombs, a bomber set something off not long ago and the bomb went through the building and into the ground and set off all the explosives, causing massive damage. They were now trying to find the cause of that and keeping another similar event from happening. I felt I had to work harder, since my competition, fellow reporter Simon, who is British, inherently knew more than I did at the beginning. I felt I may have been indirectly responsible for the upcoming disaster, then realized they were just trying to keep me quiet because I had learned a terrible secret--two siblings, the product of incest, were separated from each other at birth and sent to live in foster homes -- but years later, they somehow met and got together, furthering the cycle. They were in political positions and this couldn't be revealed. Someone claimed they had video of me giving Paquiao medication that led to his heart attack. I started watching from afar as a Daniel Craig James Bond character began pursuing the real bad guys. There was action, like in bad action movies, from helicopters. Craig pulled up to a place on an ATV in full body armor, put a bullet proof vest to hang over each hand, had a gun in each hand, and walked into a warehouse and began shooting so nonchalantly.