I was in the back yard of a house near the rural forest area in Vermont or something like it. My family is there. We are on vacation; I find an old Thompson World War II gun in the house. We hear all kinds of noises in the back yard. I climb up into a wood fort that was built to see what the commotion was. Turns out, the woods were thick with animals. At first there were just raccoons. Many of them milling around. I hate raccoons. I took a shot at one. The gun, an automatic, was fairly inaccurate. I fired in bursts that made the muzzle climb. The raccoons ran off, but came back. Eventually, the animals grew bigger and more dangerous. Two black bears tried to enter the neighbor's house. I didn't want to shoot the house so I didn't shoot at them. Then there was a huge shape, like a big old wolf. It was stalking up the hill. It was big enough to be scary. My brother James and my sister were in the fort with me. I told them to stand away from the entrances. There were two, located to one side of the thing that was built like a tree house. It's good the entrances were near each other, I thought, because it would be easier to defend. My siblings picked up 2x4s and held them en garde toward the open doors. I fired shot after shot and the wolf ran away. Then there was a puma or panther climbing on a nearby roof. It was also big enough to be deadly. I fired. It ran away also. I wasn't sure if I had hit anything. The gun felt sort of weak. Then two more bears appeared in the water below. They were swimming after fish. My brother Gerald appeared, and started to reach in after them. I told him to stop, not only because the bears were big and dangerous, but because if they attacked him, they would have to be killed by the park rangers. I like bears and I didn't want to see them hurt. I shoot in the water to make them go away. They ran away under the dock. I wondered where they all sleep during the day, since there are so many in such a small area and few places to hide. A giant freshwater stingray appears in the water. To test the gun, I fire one shot at its large, un-missable shape floating in the shallows, and it starts bleeding. I check. I have 18 shots left. I then see the neighbors in the nearby house across a big field searching their own property. I want to say hello and introduce myself as the new neighbor, since everyone else would have been too shy, I climbed down and began to walk over. Then, in the open field, a black bear appears. There may have also been a lion, but it ran away. In the middle of the field, it got closer. I yelled at my brothers and my sister to climb up into the neighbors raised fort platform. They don't see the danger. I stand my ground in the field to keep the bear back. It is all black but has a white tuft on the top of its head. It begins to charge. I shoot. They seem to have no effect. I wait for it to get closer. I measure my ammo. I shot again. Nothing. Then, knowing I only have one burst left, I wait until it is almost on top of me, then pull the trigger. I aim for its face. I see its teeth and tongue hanging out. It crumples before me, looking small and weak suddenly. I see another, smaller, bear and worry now that I am out of ammo. But I realize it is the cub of the bear I had just killed. I was sad. I thought it might be best just to kill it. But I had no ammo. It wouldn't survive in the wild on its own. I raised the butt of the rifle to kill it (the Thompson had turned into a shotgun - one I had bought, or was thinking of buying, in the dream before this one that's hazier). Then my mother showed up and the bear ran to her. It climbed up and she held it. She said she'd take care of it. I went over and petted the little bear. I said Ok, but just know it will never be able to go back into the wild and will need to live in a special facility. I dragged the bear carcass over to the neighbor's back porch. They were rednecks. They had guns themselves. They seemed welcoming enough. There was the wife, the husband and at least one kid. I told them I killed this bear. I wondered if they had a scale. They didn't answer immediately. I thought it was silly to drag a dead animal with you when meeting someone for the first time. But I suppose that was common here. I put the bear on a bathroom scale they had out. It came in at 90 pounds. I thought it was much bigger. It was bigger when it was running at me. I was disappointed. Then the husband gave me a hanging scale. I hung it up onto the garage door track. And put the hook into the bear's mouth to hoist it. Same or similar weight, though the thing was hard to use. It had all kinds of temp readings on it, and a radio tuner for some reason. Later I was walking down the street to get out of town and drive back home. I then started driving. There was so much traffic. I didn't want to get caught up in any of the traffic. So I decided to get out and wait it out. I got out and started walking. A girl got out of a bus. She was driving. She was young and pretty, with long, straight dirty blonde hair. She asked if I was Eric. She had heard things. Good things. I was a growing legend around there. She asked if it was true I was a world-class diver. I said, well, maybe not world class. But I did kill a bear. I thought to myself, next, it's going to grow into I killed a bear with my bare hands. She said she had to go off and tell her friend she met me.