I'm visiting a house somewhere, that belongs to a man, and there's some other people visiting him; it's a really nice visit. He lives by some water; a lake - I don't think it's the ocean, but it might be - in a sort of a lake-house, very large and comfortable - the sort of place that has a big window that looks out over the water, and I think he's just a friend - he's a middle-aged man, kind of a friend of the family, not a real close personal friend of mine, but he's somebody that we all like. We've gone to visit him and it's daylight - nice day - and we go outside, for a bit of a walk, to look around. Where he lives is nearby to some other houses, buildings, various kinds, a proper little wharf, even - and next door is this neat little house that is almost all glass, all the way around - it's got windows on all four sides, and you can see in, and there's furniture, and I know that somebody lives there, a man lives there - I'm looking at it, thinking how cute it is, even though I assume some awkwardness from living in such a place, where people can see inside all the time. It crosses my mind that people might break in, they can see what you've got and it's hard to do certain personal things, with people being able to see in the windows - but it sort of reminds me, in a remote way, of that dream Lori had with the glass room, and also reminds me a little of that sunken conversation pit at the apartment party room at Lynn and Dan's, that we had our party in, it was really a very comfortable, nice [area?] and this place has couches, lounge-y places in it. There is something in the middle of it - it's not just one open room - there's something in the way of wherever you are and the place you can see out, it's really nice. And while we're looking that direction, I see this man come walking up, into the room, from underneath it, somewhere. I had not realized that there was an underground to this house - and that is obviously where he does his private, personal stuff; I'm presuming the bathroom and the bedroom are down there, and there's a small staircase that leads up into this room, of course - and that's even cuter. The man comes up and into the room (I don't know precisely what happens next, what we do, but we do talk to this guy - I don't believe we go into this house - he must come outside and it's him as the image that I remember precisely about the dream. He's large, he's a burly, big man - you might think he was a logger, or a woodsman or something - he has very dark hair, a - not a big beard, but a very black, heavy beard, and mustache, and dark, bushy eyebrows - you know, that kind of person - he even has on your basic sort of woodsman outfit - flannel plaid shirt and all that - but he is not a rough man at all - he's very nice, but kind of - well, almost gruff, in manner, and he sort of glowers around - he's not actually angry at anything, it's just his manner.) And it does strike me that there is something about me or about us he disapproves of. I think it's mostly us. And the fact is that he is part of a group of people who live in this area - his house is next to some other houses that belong to these people - and they're kind of like Amish, only different - [I didn't give a name to them in the dream, they are not specifically Amish people, but they're a little like that] and there is at least one other person from this group visible in this scene. I don't think of her actually doing anything, but she's a lady, and is wearing your basic image of Amish or Mennonite lady's country-type clothes, and a cap - the kind of cap that's fitted at the back and has straps, and what's funny about that is that as soon as I notice her cap I realize he's got one on too, and I find that a little strange, but I realize that it must just be one of the things that they do, this group of people.