At a movie with Chris - indoor theater, lot of kids around - there's the arcade-sort-of-things out in the lobby area (to the left of the theater proper, though, not before it, the way a theater usually is - this arrangement has been in another dream). It's a horror movie, but frankly it's pretty poor, and I am just not interested, and I leave. Somehow I get hooked up with a group of old folks on a tour bus - I think Chris and I were on this tour, but I'm not at all sure what the sequence of events is here - and all I know is the movement from the theater to a kind of roadhouse. There's a place where the bus stops, anyway, and we get off the bus and something happens. The bus leaves without me, if memory serves (I'm not sure that's right), but I don't mind - I don't mind any of this, as a matter of fact - I'm a little bit concerned because I haven't gotten in touch with Chris and here I am far away, and I don't quite know where I'm going, but I'm not worried about it. Next, I've come to a large house of a fairly large, wealthy family [I don't know how I got here, that is, consciously - in the dream it was part of the sequence of events; either I got there on the tour bus or some bus, or I got there naturally, another way] - several brothers and sisters, very nice people, and somehow I get to be acquainted with them. This is sort of out of the ordinary, but I do - there's a younger daughter who's real nice, and we get along very well - she shows me the house - particularly I've noticed a kind of sitting room/family room, with windows on the street, and there's games and things around, craft projects and things, this is where they spend a lot of their time, just in recreation, and it's not like a room with a lot of equipment in it for recreation - this is where they come to be together and just - you know, play. And there's, like jigsaw puzzles, I think - games that you put on a table. Maybe somebody's working with clay, I don't know. But it's a really very close, comfortable, friendly atmosphere, and I get to know one of the younger sons - I don't know how much younger he is and I don't think of him as a boy and me as older than him, so either I am his age (or younger) or he is my age - just the same, he's a nice, unmarried, younger son, and he falls in love with me, and buys me a Corvette. The whole production is rather neat, he has his assistant, or footman, or somebody - servant - butler - along with him, and he makes this announcement that I should come and see something, he has something for me, I think, is how he puts it, and I'm very apprehensive about this, I don't want him to have bought me something extravagant, by any means, and he drops these hints and says it's outside, and I'm suddenly figuring it's a car. "Uh-oh, what has he done?" And he even drops these hints about the color, and I'm saying, "As long as it's not [I think I may have said] orange", and it turns out that the thing is in fact half orange, it's red and orange, painted all these very fast colors, you know, with very shiny chrome, but the front part is red and the back part is orange, or the underneath part is orange and the top is red, something like that. And it is a hot car, any way you look at it, and it's in a crate - a funny kind of a crate, it doesn't exactly cover the whole car, it's kind of like you packed a car in molded plastic, and partly crated some of it, it's funny. Anyway, he shows this to me, and I'm very excited, and very pleased. Actually, I'm quite willing to have it. Part of me thinks that I ought to turn it down, and some of me also thinks that I ought to not keep it, I ought to sell it and take the cash, because that is what I normally say that I want to do with such things - I always say that "if I ever won a contest or something..." But this is a gift from him, for one thing, and it is really a neat car, too! A Corvette! for me! And of course I'm very surprised that he wants to do this, and I tell myself, "Well yes, he can, so why not?" and I'm very grateful to him. He is a very nice guy, and I think I may very well marry him, I don't know.