Our family is preparing to move to a new town and a new house. It was my idea and I'm excited. We are all walking to the car. I see a small kitty in the street. I try to pet it, but it's just out of reach. It's gray and cute. I finally touch it. As we go to the car, it runs under and I say to my brother Jake, "Oh, get the kitty out of there before we go; I don't want us to run over it." Jake smirks and makes some sarcastic remark about squished kitty. I repeat my concern to my father. Everyone gets in, including some new boy (2 years old), like my nephew Rodney. I say, "Uh oh, now is there room for me?" Someone (Dwight) says, "I'll put him on my lap." I'm the last one to get in because it's easier for me to get in the passenger seat. I get in and I realize I can't reach out and get the door to shut it. My father starts driving. I say, "I can't get the door shut." My client Theresa crawls over everyone and me to come up front to help. My father's looking for a place to slow down. She reaches around to my right on the outside of the car where the gas tank cap is and I say, "No, not there, on the door." She then reaches a gas tank-like cap she has out to fit it into the recessed hole that exactly matches the configuration of the cap and carefully moves it until it clinks in and then she pulls the door shut. Now we've arrived at the town. It's our new town that I've been so happy about and as we drive I realize I've made a mistake. I'm a teenager and all the stores have toys and amusements for children, which will be great for the kids, but I'll soon be bored and then there will be nothing for me. I see western town store fronts too. I start lamenting, "Oh, no. There's no one here for me. This is awful." Now we're walking across a huge field toward our house and I'm saying over and over, "I've made a terrible mistake. There will not be anyone for me here." My mother (young and helpful) shows me the two agate/stone teardrop shaped necklaces I've given her for good luck and says, "See, I've still got these on." A huge community marching band is preparing to practice for a parade. There are hundreds of people, many teenagers. We accidentally walk through them. As I'm looking around, I am still lamenting, "No one for me, a bad mistake." We are then surrounded by the marching/milling crowd. I see a woman in a wheelchair with huge back wheels, decorated. I'm annoyed with her. She nearly pushed me aside. I see young men pretending to be Indians on horseback. One has a flaming arrow, but the flame goes out too soon. My father points out a circle on a sign, like an Indian hoop, but it's an auto tire with tools glued to it to advertise a local car repair shop. We get through the people and now I see our new house. We go in. It's isolated and in the country. It's miles from town. The first room is a kitchen, and kind of messy. We're (my mother and I) looking out a window. I see nothing but grass (no crops). I then notice out the back window the shadowy shape of a big brown owl-like bird. "Oh," I say, "an owl." He flies around to the window we're at and lands right on the sill and we look at each other. He has ordinary bird eyes. Then he flies away. I go to the back window and look out. I see a creek. I say, "Look! We have our own creek." I'm thinking it might be fun to swim and wade in the summer, but then I notice mosquitoes all over the surface and tadpoles in the water. It didn't look so inviting. The bank on the other side goes up steeply, and there is not much space to run and play. There are hardly any trees. Now my mother and I go to the next room. "What's this?" I ask. "One of those 'dining room things.'" I'm not impressed. We go into the next room. It's huge and spacious. "It's another kitchen," I say amazed, "and look at the beautiful fireplace." It's a brick country style fireplace. We go from room to room, amazed at how many there are and how nice and spacious and pretty they are. We are called to look at the "play" room. We go in. Some of the kids have the couch made out to a hideaway bed. I see a piano but it has some keys missing. Then my father says, "Look at this!" with excitement. I look. It's a player piano. I'm so happy, just like at Grandma Agnes'. He points to the music roll and I see very ornate notation. The classics! Very unusual and complicated for a player piano. Then, I see there are two player pianos. I see another hideaway bed. It's not in very good shape. My father says, "The kids have already decided this one's for guests we don't like." I laugh. I see a back staircase and a tiny bathroom. It only has a toilet. I then notice the stairs are all flat and down, but if you push a button they pop up into usable stairs. I think, "That would be dangerous if someone at the top was coming down and someone didn't know it and pushed the button. They'd have quite a fall."