I'm at the Center, and at the office at the same time, it seems. Bonnie is here, she's kind of in charge; there was a time when she got mixed up with Sue, but I'm not sure at all where Sue is. The office is a lot like our own, and - at least Bonnie's desk looks a lot like hers, in an alcove, and there are some desks down the middle, kinda like we have 'em now, and there are a few people there doing some phoning or something. Bonnie is doing something with some money, and there's something about Lori in this. Maybe somebody's trying to get in touch with her, I don't know - that's not at all clear, but I'm looking through some pictures in an album, and I was wanting to describe Lori to somebody, and in the pictures of her in this album that I find, her hair is two radically different ways, and both of them are different from the way she normally wears it, which I think is startling - one of them is particularly unattractive, with heavy bangs and kind of longish in the back to a flip, as it were - it really does not look good on her at all. At some point Bonnie goes somewhere and I've got to leave some money on the desk, and I didn't want to just set it in the middle - I looked around for the safest place to put it. I ended up just sort of putting it up towards the wall and putting something over it. Then the office sort of transforms into the library proper - I don't think there was an actual [dream] change. It might have been that way all along, but the fact is that they're wanting to change the furniture in our office and we need to get up and let the people who are moving the furniture around do this. There are a lot of people about - it's a busy sort of day, but it's not a normal day - maybe we're closed to the public or something, I'm not sure - but there is something about us not being dressed up for a normal workday, or prepared to do our normal work. There's somebody I'm looking for. Millie's here, I'm pretty sure; I'm not identifying anyone else except Bonnie, she's around somewhere, and Ted; and we go out of the office for a while. I'm not conscious of what we do, out, but when we come back, not only have they taken all of our office landscaping out, for the moment, but they've brought in all these fancy, shiny, well-taken-care-of antiques - they're really gorgeous pieces of furniture. A lot of them not office furniture by any means - like a dining table and chairs, there's a credenza, a drawer-thing (I'm thinking there are dressers) - they're walnut, maybe, or mahogany - dark, anyhow. They have been somewhere else, maybe in storage or some such place. I think it's in a place where they had been in use, but they needed to be moved out of there, and the only place to put them is in our office (or at least the only place where someone decided to put them was in our office). We don't need the things, and they are radically changing the look of the office, and I don't know how they're gonna get our desks and things back in there, but what they're doing is setting these things up in a sort of a room-arrangement, and their plan is to put our office landscaping back in with 'em. This is gonna be kind of fun for us, because it'll make things a lot more attractive and niced-up, and I can see where with this dining table and chairs, we can actually sit down and have meals, which is a very strange concept, but, well, it is for the moment kind of a nuisance, especially disrupting the work for a whole day by taking up all the time moving furniture. The next room (I'm not sure if that's part of our office or not) is also being temporarily occupied - by the Library Bookstore, apparently - and they have shoved all these shelves in there, and all these volunteers (you know, the stranger types?) wearing the aprons, who think that they know everything that's going on, and they're doing exactly what they're supposed to be doing - but what they don't know is, the people who occupy the room don't know what they're doing there and there's a conflict of interest going on. Just the same, there's nothing better to do than wander around and look at the books. And a lot of the other staff, from other places, are doing that, we're pretty much together. I don't know why we're being allowed to browse around and look at these books - I guess that they're going to actually be selling from this point (although it doesn't seem like a place to do that) and they've allowed the staff to come in and have a look even as these volunteers are filling up the bookshelves. The light in this room is yellow, rather on the dim side; the office light is very shaded - there's no direct sources of light on. Matter of fact, it's dim enough I should think they would have wanted to turn a light on to work in, by this time. But there's not just a door-size opening, it's at least a double-door-size opening that leads into the book area, that you can see this yellow light through. A lot of people are milling about and they're about to get finished setting up the antique furniture - all these wonderful Queen Anne legs, fancy drawer pulls, neat stuff, it really is. I don't know where it came from - we certainly have nothing like that in the "real" world.