I have inherited a huge, expansive house and extensive grounds. I am walking around and looking at what I now have. I see lots of places where some flowering bushes and benches and tables would make a lovely park or picnic area. I see several "out" buildings I think about tearing down. One is a tiny cafe/bar. It has three round tables, and an uphill slanted dance floor. There is an old organ you put tape cassettes into and a short dusty bar. I ask someone if I should tear it down. They'd like me to keep it and fix it up. I think maybe I will and tear down another building in worse shape. I go to the organ and pull out a few stops. It sighs a few notes. I find a drawer with tapes in them. I pull one out. It says, "Barb Sanders," and a form of Darryl is there. There are other names too. I put it in. It plays organ music and in the background our voices are talking from long ago. I can't make out what we're saying and lose interest. I open another drawer and see children's and babies clothing. I hold up a doll's head that has red hair, curly. I show it to Sonja and say she can keep it to use when she's explaining to people how she doesn't like to explain about her red hair all the time. I give it to her and for a moment, I think it looks like a shrunken head. Ugh. I pull out a huge yellow outdoor suit with feet in it and show it to Sonja. She says, "That would fit the disabled boy next door." She's been trying to encourage him to come out and play. I say, "Maybe you scare him because you're so forceful and intense about it." Then, I say, "Maybe somebody would be having babies and would want these clothes." I say, "Maybe high school friends Dora and Duane." Abner smiles and sits on the couch. Sonja says, "Not Dora. Duane's too old." I then remember she had a hysterectomy and think, "Well, maybe not then." I wave goodbye to Abner and Sonja. I'm going home to take care of business and then I'll return to continue exploring the house. I'm glad its near T City so I can see them more often. I get in a car and drive down the road which forks off to the right.