Bonnie and Mateo come to visit me. My kitchen is a total mess from some big gathering I had. Bonnie's a little upset because I didn't invite her. She, Mateo, and I are washing dishes and putting things away. I open a cupboard and see it is already full of glasses. I look over at Bonnie and then I start to move things to make more room. I see a sugar bowl and a bottle of syrup that are a bright blue. I make more room. Bonnie says, "I suppose it's time to buy you some more greens." I say, "No, I've got plenty of canned green beans, peas and corn." She had meant salad greens. I agree I should eat more of them. Mateo wants to go home. He's tired and annoyed. There's just a small amount left, a big roast pan and lots of catsup bottles on the table. I look out a window and see a bright red fake fur pony and a small devil. I am struck with how total and bright the color red is. The TV camera goes in for a close-up to the devil's teeth. I think, "How amazing, he has my father's teeth!" They are slightly crooked in (the opposite of mine). I am drawn to these teeth. I think they are very handsome ones. The camera pulls out and now he's a very good-looking man on the soap opera General Hospital, and they do extreme close-ups of him because he's so compellingly handsome with those movie star teeth. They don't do such extreme close-ups to the other men; they aren't as attractive or seductive looking. Now the camera crew is calling different operating rooms to get their reaction to the show. So we're looking into an operating room. I see the patient and the nurses who answer the questions about the soap opera as they work. I think, "It's a lucky thing the patient didn't have complications while the show was on! The nurses wouldn't have noticed and the patient could have died!" The nurses only had favorable remarks about the new style of extreme close-ups with this one man. Now I'm a patient and am feeling the drowsy narcotic effects of post-op thinking, "I feel good now, but later this will hurt and be fearful and yucky. So for now, just enjoy the good feeling of stupor and well being." Bonnie comes by to see how I'm doing. (After I wake up, I think the phrase, "I walk on my dreams.")