I was at My school but it didn't look like My school. Stuff happened that I can't remember. The me and a few other friends went to the classroom next to where were sleeping. It looked like classroom 2 at school, but had more stuff in it. My friend A. said that tequila tastes good with tortillas. I didn't find this at all strange. So we go into the classroom and ask if there are any tortillas. They say no but that there is pita bread, so we go in there and everyone else disappears. We look under the sink, which isn't in classroom 2 really, and underneath are big jugs (those square kind that cleaning stuff comes in) and they are kind of see-through and there is yellow-whitish liquid inside. On them they say something I don't remember. Anyway we pour the tequila into margarita glasses and eat it with pita bread. Some stuff happens. (I think that it has gotten later but I'm not sure.) An elderly black man comes in and says he has to check us. We immediately think he's talking about us drinking tequila. I'm the type who would break down and tell everything we were doing. I look, about to laugh at this black girl to my right (A.'s on my left). She put her long dark red nails in her mouth (a normal gesture as if biting her nails), and leans her head down and tells me no (don't tell). The man goes and checks behind a mirror inside a mirror like the illustration. Behind, there are some photos. Inside were the photos that showed the snake that bit one of the teachers. This was a big mystery, solved. Then we went away. I think later there was a big commotion with the teacher who had been bit. Setting: At my school. Everything was kind of the same but a little changed. Characters: My friend A. Schoolmates, kind a generic "classmates" - didn't know them. The black guy was mysterious. The black girl was the only person I recognized and communicated with other than my friend A., and one man. Feelings and Thoughts: Happy, worried. It was very weird but I told my mom I smoked marijuana once and maybe the tequila is related.