I'm in a room with Ellie, Dovre and Dovre's boyfriend "Dwight" who I call Stanley. It's getting on dinner time and I'm hungry. I want Ellie to fix dinner for us, but she won't. I feel anger at her stubborn selfishness. Now, I feel a little trapped because I want to order Kentucky Fried Chicken, but I don't want to have the expense of buying for all of us. I think maybe I'll only buy a three-piece meal and share it. I am aware vaguely that I'm being mean-spirited and ungenerous, but I resent having to pay so much, especially since it would have been so much cheaper to have Ellie cook up something. I would have done it myself except for my arthritis, so I feel trapped by my disability as well as my ineffective mothering skills with Ellie or my powerlessness to get her to behave. I see Richard Dreyfuss up in a loft area and think, "So, the movie has started. They skipped the first part...good." Dovre tells me she and the neighbor woman spent all last night "cross-dressing." She thought it was kind of kinky and weird, but was bored and so she went along with it. She's not too thrilled. She's still bored. Now we go next door. The neighbors are having a party. Dovre's ex-boyfriend shows up (still Dwight) and wants to see her. Dovre and I are surprised to see him. She's curious what he wants to say, but she doesn't want to talk to him. The neighbor woman says she'll talk to him and they go outside (we're in a kind of guest house, recreation room that hasn't really got walls, just the framing studs are up). I watch the woman and Dwight and wish I could listen in on their conversation, so a woman creeps up with a camera and mike and pretends to read a book lying down on her belly. The book is covering the mike. I'm bored with the current group of guests; they're all vacuous and ditsy. I see a pile of boxes and remember I had stored some of Dovre's and my things there. I start looking through the boxes. I find audio tapes of the Star Spangled Wash Board band's last concert and I remember I was bored with it because they did only their old material. There was no new stuff. I see video tapes of Harry Meets Sally (staring Richard Dreyfuss). I hear Claude talking in a bored way and remember he was married at last year's party and this year he's not terribly interested in me. I find photos I had taken of the wedding, or rather the reception after. I took a portrait shot of each guest. I want to keep those because I notice some of the poses are interesting; they were better than I'd remembered them (in terms of "arty" photography). I see a letter to Dovre from one of her girlfriends. It's a love letter and shows a drawing of a naked woman lying seductively on her side. Only her back shows. The letter says, "Could you consider loving me this way?" I think, "Huh, Dovre had a lesbian pass made at her too." I tell Dovre she'd better get her stuff as I'm taking mine. She shrugs and says, "I don't want it." I say, "Well then, throw it away." She says, "No, I want to keep it. Let it stay here." I say, "That's rude. They need their space, it will make a nice addition to their room. We need to find our own place to store it." She's not too happy, but agrees. I point to the letter and she says she's not interested in it and goes on.