With a group, friends, on motorcycles - in a neighborhood, we've stopped. Getting ready to leave again, I'm going to ride the motorcycle myself (I haven't before) - it's one of those strange ones with a long front, I'm not sure I can handle it but I think so. We're like in somebody's back yard, it's got muddy patches and a few trees (rather scruffy place) - I get it stuck in the mud - first the front end, and I get it out, then the whole back end. It's very easy to pull out, as if it doesn't weigh anything, but I feel stupid and clumsy. I try to pretend it's ok. There's a place where we go into a small office building and get into an elevator that takes us up to another outside - when you get out, it's like a parking lot next to a marina (on the small side - basically I just see a red and white striped canopy, cars, some fences, the ground isn't level, it goes downhill like it does at a marina - I don't actually see any water). I'm at this place more than once. Last time, I'm with a little old woman - maybe she's even in a wheelchair - she's grumpy and crabs a lot, and when we get on the elevator I keep saying, "Do you want me to push Express?" but she won't listen. I guess that means the elevator has an Express function that lets you go from bottom to top without stopping - but since we do that anyway before she ever pays attention and answers me, it's ok anyhow. So remarks a man who's on the elevator with us. There are quite a few people here. I didn't want her to be making a scene, but nobody seems to mind. Michael J. Fox is my boyfriend and there's a scene somewhere, where we're french-kissing - I'm really sucking on his tongue and one of us is suggesting something, but I don't remember who or what. Blonde teenage girl - just met - went somewhere with - she's got to go - home, maybe - green grassy hill, near water I think, lots of trees - man (David Ogden Stiers?) with hatchet, I'm very nervous, want him to put it down but he wants to show me something, all very innocent but I don't trust him - I'm in car, he's outside - I try to get hold of the hatchet.