 I'm in the kitchen at home with my mom, and my sisters Heather and Ramona. We are going to buy a hot tub. I'm scrubbing the floor, which is covered with mud. I'm wiping it up with a washcloth, and ask Heather to rinse the washcloth out. My mom is trying to figure out the finances for the hot tub. She has to make a $300 down payment, and later she is getting a $700 payment for something she is selling. Heather is really mad and ornery. My sisters and I go to pick up the hot tub. Before we leave, my mom tells my brother Wally and I to look after Heather. She writes us notes and puts them on the table. I go outside to the car parked in front of the house, and we look for the comet. I see a shooting star, and think that it is the comet. There are a lot of comet-like objects. Heather says she knows, and points it out. I remember what my Astronomy professor Rada said about it being between the big dipper and the little dipper. I look, and can't find it: there are too many stars, so I get into the car. We drive down Home Avenue to 3rd Street. The car is breaking down: the brakes don't work. We turn onto 3rd Street. I tell Heather to coast and pull over to the side of the road. I drag my feet to slow us down. We finally stop by the local convenience store. The car is now a bicycle, and I'm with my sisters and a family friend Amber Sherman. It has been light out for a long time, and it's now 7:00pm. The sun is very high in the sky for this time of day, I notice. I tell the girls that it can't be the sun; it must be a supernova. We stop. Amber's motorcycle is broken. The object in the sky in pulsating. It is small, but it grows. It is a supernova. I can see the outer layers of fire it is ejecting. The ejected blasts come closer and overtake the earth, engulfing it. I see fire and debris rushing and crashing over the horizon. I tell my sisters to hide under the back of the station wagon, which is down. I see fire shoot over our heads. It is certain doom. I wonder if people near water will live. The car we are hiding under is sure to explode. I think I want to be a survivor of this. People who are near lakes or oceans might be survivors.