I'm in a big building, a school, library, or something else, don't know - maybe mixed up with a resort? There's a group of us girls, we've been doing something; whether it was work or not, we're having fun, and we're on a rest break, heading for the bathrooms. There are guys around, too, and their bathroom is next to ours, I can see the door at a right angle to the women's. Where we are, on our way there, is away from the main area, where we'd been doing whatever it was - it's inside but very large and open, high ceiling, maybe like a convention hall. The color is all, maybe, peach? Goldish? Sand-y? There's no furniture or anything but panels, or something in high stacks at least, that make it necessary to go through from where we came here, to the bathrooms. Now, I don't know why, but I've stopped to use some mouthwash. I have my mouth all full of it when I see that there's a boy here, with a companion - girlfriend? aunt? - and he looks familiar. I think of Billy , and there's that sudden flash of silly thoughts - "How could it be Billy? He's dead!" - "How can he look so much like Billy? But he's too young" - "Something's wrong, he doesn't look quite like Billy" - et cetera. But I hear some other girls talking to him and understand what's going on - this is actually Billy's son, and he's come to collect some things of his father's. We didn't exactly realize that he had a son, one of those peripheral things you don't really grasp about people. The other girls are talking to him, saying sympathetic things, and I want to but my mouth is full of mouthwash. I make a gesture or two and point to my mouth, take his hand (or something in the way of touch), and smile at him. He's just finished up anyway and he's leaving. I feel a little stupid, but there's nowhere here I can spit the stuff out. Now I'm gonna go on into the bathroom and find a sink. I go through the door, it's in a dark sort of alcove, and on the other side is a surprise. For one thing, the lights aren't on, there's dim daylight coming through the windows - either frosted glass or they have curtains on. But it's not just a bathroom, it's a lounge, and it has showers (all the fixtures and decor harks back to maybe the Forties, at least the Fifties, maybe earlier, hard to say - but everything's in pristine condition) and chairs and now I'm turning a corner and here's a bed - with someone sleeping in it. Everything looks very comfortable, peaceful, quiet - I realize they've really set this place up for us to relax in. I keep going and find another bedroom, differently decorated, rather flouncy and fluffy - someone's in this bed, too. I wonder how far this goes - maybe I'll find an empty bed and go to sleep myself.