I see two special effects sailing vessels going out to sea and over the edge of the horizon. I think, "How clever, they used silver metallic cowboy hats upside down." I then see a third vehicle, only it's a flying machine. I go over to see it. It's picking up passengers. It passes a group of hookers in red dresses like in an Old West saloon and picks up a group of modern ordinary people. I am one of them. I'm a young man. We board and sit. I have gathered quite a pile of maps, brochures, notes, and so on of my travels. The steward is an alien and not friendly at all. He calls each one of us one at a time up to the center lobby and tells us how much it costs per each piece of paper. It is very overpriced, deliberately so, so that we will be forced to part with all these things we dearly love. I am angry at the uncaring systematic way they do this. He hands me three or four small pieces of paper and says that's all I could really afford to take with me. I rebel and decide to take a heavy "trip-tik" like map. I figured I didn't have the money to pay for it, so they'd be shorted at the end of the trip and they deserved such treatment for being so arbitrary. I return to my seat. Now I am a young woman in love with a young man like Darryl. The crowd is urging us to make love. He doesn't quite know how and a woman says, "You stick this in there," and I feel the penis glide in and gasp at the pleasure. I apologize, by look, to several other passengers who are seated nearby because they can see and hear us. They shrug. It can't be helped because lovemaking is natural, but the circumstances aren't. They patiently sit through it. It goes on for awhile because "Darryl" can't seem to figure it all out. Then the orgasm and everyone is relieved. Now the man I used to be hears a heart beat of his father who has died of heart failure. It's a bittersweet memory for him. Now the alien mean guy comes in to the man I was and says, "You are a dream that deserves a chance to live." He meant the ship was going down because of some malfunction and we were all dreams but "he" was worthy of being ejected out of the dream vehicle and into life.