I'm part of a space mission - we're military, I guess, because we have a captain and officers and uniforms - and we're on some planet in a hostile situation. There's this group of people in charge, they're like a religious sect. A group of them wear priests' robes rather like Tibetan monks and they're sort of "enforcers". There's also a high-priestess-type, young and beautiful, dark blonde, wears a sarong, maybe there's a high priest, too - there's a pretty fair number of 'em and they keep the people under their thumbs. They have a crystal that gives them power - you hold it up opposite something and it generates this powerful beam that does something, I'm not sure what - maybe it can blow things up. Anyhow, they sure don't like us and we're trying to get away from them and keep from getting killed - also in the meantime to help the people they're oppressing. Right now we've escaped their clutches and we're running through this place that may be underground or in an enclosed city - it's dark (rather like a warehouse, dim lights) except for where there are rooms with people in them. I'm about to get separated from my group and have to get in somewhere - I dash in a door and down some narrow spiral steps. There's a young boy here, maybe 13 - I grab him by the collar (perhaps metaphorically?) and tell him they're coming, he has to help me - he shows me another way out. We all meet up again shortly and head for the outside. There's a big chase across some open terrain; we're firing at each other and ducking and going around things (very typical movie SF stuff), but then suddenly we get caught. We sort of run smack into some more of them and we're stopped in our tracks. We know when we're beaten - there's no way we can fight this many if 'em - there's only about 6 or 8 of us. They take us the short distance to where they're all gathered and they're all turned to look at us - there are various ranks of them; the "priests" are sitting back-to-back along a stone or concrete block - others are arranged in some rows, rather like an audience facing away from us, toward a sort of altar - really just an arrangement of stones, and the crystal is up there somewhere. (I can't say if it's just on one of the stones, or being held by someone.) I can see it. The high priestess, turned toward us in the front row of this "audience", is making dire pronouncements about what's going to happen to us. Suddenly, the priests and some others start coughing and choking and holding their throats, eyes rolling up (your typical reaction to poison in the movies) and then keeling over. All the others look amazed and/or horrified, and we seize the moment. (Actually this is the result of something we tried earlier, not precisely poison but something to thwart the priests, to interfere with their systems - we put in the water, maybe, I don't remember - and we were disappointed that it hadn't worked. That was one of the reasons we had to escape. Apparently it just had a delayed reaction, and now it's killing them off, at this wonderfully dramatic moment.) We leap into action, while they're all goggling at the priests - the others don't have weapons, or any other power to stop us, except with the crystal. The captain and the other guys go for the guns they took from us; I make a dive for the crystal. This upsets the high priestess, but I stand on the stone and hold it up the way I saw her do. I have it in my right hand, trying to hold it straight up and keep my fingers off the front of it. I'm having a little trouble holding it - it's not oily but it keeps slipping down. I'm really terrified of dropping it. It appears they can't get it away from me while I hold it like this, but if I drop it they'll get it - and I certainly don't want it to be damaged. Finally I get a good grip on it, and focus it forward and down, aiming it at something (I don't know what it is - a sort of mirror? A round thing, maybe brass - down where the high priestess is). Something starts to happen. I can feel vibration, then energy flowing through my body up to my hand - then the crystal glows and shoots out a bright, wide beam of light down to the mirror-thing, where it makes a big bright glow. Everybody's marvelling at it - they're surprised that I can do it. The high priestess is watching carefully in case it screws up. Where the glow is, a picture starts to form, an oval shape as though it were in a frame of light. I see myself, like a film, looking at someone and listening (by the way, "I" am a beautiful, slim blonde with long hair) - then (my image) I react in surprise and joy, and say, "A captain? Really I'm going to be a captain? Oh, thank you sir! Thank you!" And I realize the crystal is showing me the future - that sometime I'm going to be promoted, and I'm thrilled. Everybody else is pleased, too, even the high priestess, who smiles at me as if I were an innocent young thing who's just learned how to do something for the first time. There are nods and smiles all around and everybody's happy. I guess we've actually liberated the captors too.