I and three or four older men are asked by the conductor to carry the bass fiddles back to where they belong. He tells us the different names of the instruments and shows us how the shape of the hole tells us which family of instruments it belongs to, the bass violin, or what. He demonstrates how to pick them up and says you spread your knees and "waddle walk." Then men chuckle at how absurd this will look. I pick up mine and we walk single file out to the street. The men are quite upset to think that a girl should carry such a huge, heavy thing and keep trying to take it from me. I am a little annoyed with them and resist, saying I'm doing fine. I realize we're past the right building so we all turn around and walk back. I'm looking for a several-storied yellow building. I've passed it by before; its hard to find. I realize I don't have my fiddle and ask where it is. They look and they only carry their own. I see it back about a block leaning on a building. I go get it and come back to the guys. I put the crook of my finger in the breast pocket of the coat of one of them. He looks at me strangely. I say, "Sorry, I just wanted to be connected." I try several other spots and choose a watch chain like thing that seems OK with him. We continue walking. I see the building, "Lyons Building," right next to the Music Co. Building. I say, "Here we are." It's not yellow. It's got smoked glass doors. We go in and now the old man is an old woman and we look for the elevator. A small parade of disabled people with silly party/helmet hats on go by and we smile and sing the weird calliope music they are playing. I see an elevator and we get in and at first I only see two buttons and then the button 13. I push it, the woman says, "No, bad luck." "I don't believe that unlucky 13 business. That just happens to be the number of the floor we have to go to the Columbia Record Co., and book," I add, because we are now returning a book. As we get out of the elevator, we are at a bar. So we stop for a drink. The old man is now seated at a table behind the bar, watching us. He looks tired. I look for the bartender. A young woman pops up and asks what I want. I say, "Do you have any sugared snacks? I am hungry for something sweet." The old woman is close to me and I realize she'd like to make love, and I think, "But, she's a woman now, not a man, that would make this a lesbian thing. Besides, she doesn't have a penis now, so what's the point?" I tell the bartender to look for sugar-free ice cream. She doesn't have any. The only thing she has is teas and soda water that is sugar free. I decide on the teas because they have interesting flavors. Meanwhile people come crowding down the hall and I'm pressed up against the bar. Then several zoo animals are walked by. I see a rhino come around the corner and realize he could poke me in the butt with his horn, so I try to scrunch up to the bar as far as I can. I see the rhino turn his head so that the horn is pressing nearer and I say to heck with this and hop up to sit on the bar. Two good-looking young men who look alike are other bartenders and they laugh and say, "You could have got it in the butt." "No thanks!" I say, realizing they are probably gay and like it up their butt. Then around the corner comes more animals and I am relieved it's no more rhinos, but a herd of dogs, each on a leash being walked by this guy. Even the tails had a leash on them with bells. He walks them, or rather they drag him down the other hall.