 I am in Mason Cafeteria at Brimson. My friend Brittany Johnson is sitting at a table trying to raise money for someone's grandma named Karla, who has died. I am picking up change on the floor (pennies, dimes, nickels, and quarters) and putting them in my pocket. A person I work with at the Brimson Library, name Don, is there. I say that it too bad about grandma Karla. I am upstairs in the cafeteria now. There are escalators instead of stairs. I am at the top of the escalator. There is a long line to get food. The big football player who looks like my supervisor from Grocery Getto, Loren Voigt, says something to me about going to the back of the line. I say shit, I don't want to wait! I put my hand on the railing of the escalator and hit an alarm. A buzzing bell goes off. The food server man goes to the panel in the wall with four handles on it. She shuts the alarm off, and then turns on a control alarm. Then he shuts the control alarm off. He turns to the people in line and asks who hit the alarm button. I say it was I: I hit it accidentally, and I'm sorry. He tells me that I'll have to wash the dishes in the cafeteria on the weekend. I tell him I don't even work in Mason! He doesn't care. He gets mad and squirts me with some Palmolive dishwashing soap. I go down the escalator. At the bottom are two Brimson security guards. They are talking. One is holding deodorant. I tell them I have been verbally harassed and assaulted. I ask them what my options are, concerning what to do now. The director of Mason Cafeteria is talking with the guards. I see someone above me run towards where the incident took place. The person running is a black leader. My friend Queen Billman is there. She was with when the alarm went off. She whispers to me that we should just leave. I don't respond to her. I want to be vindicated. It is concluded that the man who squirted me will do the dishes. I explain that he threatened us by telling us we would have to wash dishes. This person is there. He looks different: he has long dark hair, and is not wearing a bandana. He is wearing an apron and his shirt is wet. Queen was also squirted. We leave. I think I'll eat somewhere else tonight. Queen runs and grabs some fruit snacks in a purple package that are on the table of a booth. She hops on a skateboard and skates to her room. I wonder if she is coming back. It seems like it. I walk back to the dorms.