 I am in a class. The class is over. We had beverages. Someone spiked the beverage I was drinking; maybe spiked all of them. What I am drinking is a Vodka Sour. One of the people there may be my high school friend Elise Rooks. I go somewhere, and take my drink and a soda with me. Two girls come with me. I have another class at 9:00pm. It is now 8:40pm. I have 20 minutes to spend. I go to a computer lab to use email. I use a very old computer, like the ones in the basement of Billings Hall at Brimson. It is difficult to access the email. When I get into the network, I have five new messages, which surprises me because I checked my email earlier in the day. I don't recognize who they messages are from, on the directory. The first message is from my friend from high school Simon Naver. The message has weird graphics, including circles and spirals, and color. There is a place on the screen that says, "touch screen here", surrounded by colorful spirals. I touch the screen on that spot. The screen becomes full of action. It displays two people playing racquetball from the point of view of the top of the front wall of a racquetball court. It is in computer graphics. I think this is a neat new kind of email that Simon used. One of the girls I was with walks by. I show her the neat email message. She says that is neat. I am then in a message that I wrote to my ex-girlfriend Annie Thomas. I am sort of acting the message out. There is a cliff of rocks and some waterfalls with green algae-like weeks in the water. I am in the water. Annie is up on top of the cliff. I say something to her about not putting her head under the water anymore. I beg her to comply. I say, "Do me a favor" twice while speaking to her. I climb up the rocks with running water on top of them. I get cut up and am bleeding. I get to the top of the rocks, all cut up. Annie is then my old roommate's girlfriend Natasha Lens. We hug each other very firmly. I cry very hard. It is sad, and I feel hurt. I kiss her, and we kiss. Our interactions start to become sexual. She is rubbing her body up against mine. She goes down to give me fellatio. I pull off her pants and roll over. We are in position "69", where I am on top of her with my head between her legs. She says something about who will orgasm first, and also says something about me squishing her kidneys. I am then giving her cunnilingus. Below her pubic hair her vagina is very smooth. I use one finger to penetrate her vagina. She has an orgasm. After she climaxes, I lick her vagina all over. She is then my friend Norman Noman, from Brimson.