 I'm at the top of a hill which is where Stevens' house would be in Oak Valley. There is a little shack there. I go there for bait. I am driving a really nice truck, towing my boat behind it. It is early in the morning. I go around back of the shack and climb up on the roof. My dad goes by on the road between the hill and the old Simon's Grocery Store. He is driving his red Ford LTD Crown Victoria, and pulling a boat. I see him. He doesn't see me. He knew I was going fishing, but I didn't know he was. He sees my boat and the truck. He thinks this is odd because I usually leave the trailer at home. I go back to the truck and check the electrical connection between the truck and trailer. The connection is as big as a fist. The boat lights don't work. I drive down the hill, though I have no brake lights. I go into Simon's Grocery Store parking lot. I drive between two cement pillars in the parking lot. It seems like I am not in a truck, but on a bicycle. There is a lady in the parking lot taking down cornstalks from the previous day's festivities. The lady says I'll be insured, I just have to tell the insurance company. I drive away. I see a car driving down a road. The hood of the car is open a few inches. Black smoke and flames are pouring out from the windows and under the hood. There are two people in the car. I think the car is going to crash into two cars that are stopped at a red light. I think that seeing this is the kind of crazy, funny story to tell my friends Stephen Ramos and Kevin Simpson. The car stops, and a man gets out. He is on fire! He is calm. I see nothing that indicates that the flames affect him. The man is wearing sunglasses, and kind of old and dirty denim clothes. He has short curly brown hair. I stop and get off the bicycle that I am then on. He crosses the road and comes up to my home in Oak Valley, slowly and calmly, while on fire. He goes to the front door and enters without knocking. I realize what he is going to do: he is going to hurt my mom or my sister Ramona. I race across the road from the parking lot to the house. I go in the garage, where the big old garage door was. There are a bunch of knives near the door; they are like the kitchen knives we have at home, but are two or three feet long. I grab a knife. I rush into the dining room. I don't see the man right away. I don't see the man at all.