 I'm going to a Shabbat. I walk into the place and see that it is huge and lined with tables. People are eating right away. I see my friend Stephen Ramos at a table that seems pretty full. As I enter the place, my high school basketball teammate John Kulik walks out. I say hi. There is a lot of food on the tables: salads and other dishes. I sit with some men who are unfamiliar to me. They are in their early 30's, and seem like dorks. One of them is like Tom Ziegler, but rounder. One of them says he put an Ice House beer in the punch bowl to get the punch cold. I see the beer. I think my friend Nate Nelling may be there. I eat quickly, and drink lemonade. I say that I'm very hungry, but then I stop eating. I see two guys who I think are my cousins, Henry and Avery King. Then I realize that these are my friends Niles and Tim Zelling. There are some young women there who are part of the Jewish community. They dance down the long rows of tables. Everyone claps as the girls pass. Some people give a standing ovation. People sit on the floor behind their chairs as the girls dance. The girls dance between the person and the chair. They do this to me, and I move out into the aisle a little bit. I'm one of the only people sitting on my side of the table. There is a very long row of tables. One side of the tables is filled with people, and one side is sparsely populated. My friend Yvette Ullman is one of the dancers in the next aisle. I stare at her to make eye contact. She looks and sees me while she is dancing, but doesn't give me her characteristic smile. My dad is there, and he is now leaving. I walk with him to the back of the building, which is now a church. We talk about when we'll see each other next. He is coming through town next weekend. I tell him I have a lot of work to do, so Friday between noon and 2 p.m. would be good. Otherwise, we'll have to just get together really quick, because I need the other time to work. As my dad exits the church, my classmate Robyn Masters enters, and I hold the door for her. I feel dumb saying to my dad that I don't have a lot of time to visit, while Robyn is there. <br/