I'm off on a weekend with some people, we've been having an event, sort of like the SCA having a tournament, lots of fun - we've had to bring a lot of things to set up (in that way it's more like LT), and this woman is driving some of us back to town in her very large car. We've been out in the country, it's beautiful, all green trees, flowers, sunshine, wonderful. We had a good time. The woman is older than we are, rather sophisticated, good-looking and well-dressed; she's new to all this and in a way, since she's older (we're still kids, really) she's - not precisely a mother-figure but maybe a sort of mentor. We like her. The others and I go through some of the stuff we've brought back so that they can take theirs when they're dropped off. I'm thinking about some peacock feathers and some blue artificial flowers that I brought - we've used these so many times now, they're getting to be a fixture - we really ought to find something else next time. Well, they get dropped off, and it's just me and the woman. For a bit I go all the way to the back of this very long car, to see what it's like to ride back there. The car now has an aisle down the center. We're coming back into town now, onto my street, which is lined with old apartment houses and occasional business buildings - lots of green trees, very Austin, comfortable neighborhood, everything all integrated. We pass by a new Supermarket I didn't know was there. Very nice, that'll be great, I've been going to the Kroger a few doors away (and only a few doors from me) and I prefer Supermarket. Both of these stores are, like I said, integrated with the neighborhood. They're almost on the street, no big parking lots, narrow side to the street, a simple neon name sign each, very unobtrusive. Anyway (I'm coming back up to the front of the car) a few doors down is my place, a nice old frame building with a side driveway (the sort with two paved strips) and a porch and there are people outside doing things, like the old guy on the porch next door. I like it here.