I am an older woman, 60's or 70's. I am also in incredible physical shape. I am a trapeze gymnast artist and Burt Lancaster is my partner. We are so right for each other. We only want to spend intensive time together, obsessing on each other. There isn't room for anything or anyone else. We kiss, we speak poetry of love to each other. We make love, hug, fondle and caress. There is no world beyond our world of intense love of each other. It feels wonderful. We do our trapeze act together, flying around and doing flips and turns in perfect synchronicity. The act is beauty in motion. When the act is over, we simply are together, loving, 24 hours a day. There is something about him having an affair with a woman and that hurt, but I just intensified my loving to such a degree, there was no time, thought or need for another, only me. Now we are getting married. I am in a beautiful white dress and as we are walking up the aisle. I whisper to him, "I'm pregnant." He is thrilled and I am too, at peace. Now all is complete. I'm also a little amazed at the fact that I can get pregnant, because we're both so old. We spend months, maybe years together, and then he builds a bicycle, a special one that is fast and efficient. I set out on a bike trek, alone. It is for some reason important that I separate from Burt for a period of time, maybe to prepare for when he dies and I am left alone. So I pedal on down the highway. I stop at a gas station and while there, a man in a souped up flashy car with a yellow fringe top that has a smart mouth roars in, fills up and roars out. At first, I'm annoyed at his seeming insensitivity, his maleness and immaturity. Then I find it amusing and decide to try and catch up with him on my bike to observe him more. I pedal quickly and see a crowd stopped on a bridge observing something in the sky. I stop, because I have to, they block the road. I look up and see two rockets taking off, one chasing the other through the sky. It's a NASA launch and has something to do with relationships. I watch and then speed on my way, through the crowd to catch this man in the car. Next I'm on a freeway with cars and other bikers. I pass them all, feeling strong and fast. Now I've come to the river and see the other side. That's home, where Burt is and I miss him. I see I'll have to backtrack to get on the bridge and that will make me lose time finding that car. I then see an entrance ramp close by and pedal up it gathering speed to merge with car traffic. I speed across the bridge very confident and fast. I don't really care about the car anymore. I miss Burt. I stop at the other side at a book stall on the side of the road. I see a book that was given to me by Burt and I fall on the books, happy, rolling around in them like they were water. I want to buy them all and my daughter sees another book, only purchased here, that I'll want and she tries to buy them for me. I want to hurry back to my beloved Burt and happiness.