 I'm at Super America in Oak Valley with my roommate Stephen Ramos. The Super America is a bait store. We are going ice fishing. My astronomy professor George Star is the employee/owner of the store. I buy one sucker minnow and a big blue and green jig head with a feather. George is on the phone. I get a bag for the minnow and find some water. I don't put any oxygen in the bag. I twist the bag up to tie a knot and the minnow is in the twisted part of the bag. I untwist the bag and redo this. We are driving a truck that is not mine. It seems to be Stephen's truck. There is a Playboy, Penthouse, and Hustler magazine on the rack in the store. I take a Hustler magazine, intending to steal it. I watch for hidden cameras as I do this. When I look at it I see it is all white paper with no photographs. It has questions in it, like a questionnaire. I leave it on a display of Coke cases. George walks out to the truck with us carrying some of our merchandise. Our classmate Ryan Walker and another man are in the truck. The second man reminds me of a classmate at Brimson, but also of the Chinese man from the movie Say Anything. I put the minnow in the back of the truck in a small metal minnow bucket. The bucket tips over and the water runs out. I think I will not have a live minnow to use. There are four jiggle sticks and rods. They are in the spare tire in the truck. We have just the essentials for fishing. Stephen and I talk with George. We ask if he does much fishing. He says no, but that it's popular. Stephen asks if it's safe to drive on the ice. George says it is safe for 1.5 hours. We are in the truck, which is like an empty Ford Bronco on the inside. Stephen is in the passenger seat. I get into the drivers seat. The vehicle is a stick shift. It is Stephen's truck. I drive on Main Street. There is construction on the road I take as it leads out of town. I back up down Slope Avenue and we wait for our friend Bubba Hacker. Bubba jumps into the bed of the truck, which is a regular cab pickup now. I think that he will be cold in the bed. I get on Main Street going out of town. The road splits. I go right, when I should go left. I swerve back to the left when I realize this. I'm driving very poorly and dangerously.