 I'm in a house. I've gone here to get the remote control for my friend Nate Nelling, who is somewhere else. The house is on Next Avenue in Oak Valley at the bottom of the hill near 3rd Street. A couple I don't know, who lives in the house, comes down the stairs. They notice me amidst their frolicking. I am flipping through the channels on their television. I tell them I'm here to get the remote for Nelling. Either I give the remote to them, or they want it and then I give it to them. Either way, I leave without the remote. My friend Kevin Simpson's car is parked in a crooked fashion out in the road. I am with him in it, and we drive up to the top of the hill where Next Avenue intersects 2nd Street. I say to him, "You must have been drunk last night." He says, "Yup." I then think, looking at my dad's old gray car, that Kevin did a good job parking it. It is perfectly up against the curb. At the top of the hill the vehicle we're in barely moves. It is like Kevin's ice fishing house. I'm driving my truck in down town Wilmerton with Kevin. We go by the civic center and turn left towards the courthouse. I have trouble in first gear. We are then riding bicycles. Kevin finds a $1 bill on the ground. I see something and circle around on my bicycle to pick it up. It looks like a bill. I think it's a one but it turns out to be a $5 bill. My bike may be my old red Huffy that I had as a kid. We get to the bus station. Kevin takes my bicycle and intentionally smashes it into a van. He damages the van, which is red or maroon in color. I am angry with him. I am going to make him pay for any damages. I am in the bus station and have trouble getting out. To get out one needs a ticket accompanied by something else. It is like going through customs when entering a country. I have to bay $7 to get out, to get a ticket. Seven dollars is all the money I have. I need another document. I go to a cash machine. My high school classmate Phillip Brown is there. He is clinging to my back. I try to get him off my back by smashing him up against a door, window, or wall. I take a big bite of his flesh, biting down and ripping it out. At first I thought this was his arm, but realize it was his nose. He yells in pain and is bleeding a lot. He comes after me. I am trying to get cash at an ATM machine. I take out my cash, which is silver. I take out another card, which is a young woman's card. There is a sheet of photographs that I am in. The photograph sheet has to be redone because the makeup is too heavy.