 I'm in the Big Resort Area working at Fishing Haven. An older man asks me to caddy his gold clubs. He wants me to bring them from the first hole to the green on the sixth hole. He tips me $1.50. It costs a little bit to play. He gives me money to play too. I go inside and record the money information on a sheet and give the fee for golfing to a lady. I look for a bicycle or something to ride to the golf course. I'm in the basement. The path descending to the basement is covered up with plastic sleds. I get some vague directions from my boss. I get on a three-wheeler and go. My friend Ivory Alshire is there. She runs along with me, and later gets on the back of the three-wheeler. We go near a school. I look over a wall and see what I think is a golf course. A lady tells me the course is down the road. The place I look at has brownish grass. I ask the lady if it is more or less than a mile. A woman sees me and recognizes me. She taught me when I was little. She calls me by my name. I tell her she has the wrong person: that I'm from the United States. We are in Australia. She says she knows I'm from the United States. She tells me I'm from Wilmerton Armstrong High School. I'm amazed that she knows me! I go into a house of horrors. It is not scary, but is interesting. I get out of the place before Ivory. I see my friend Kathy Branch, from high school. I lie down and act as if I don't see her, until she comes near and says hi. I'm wearing a wife beater and my bush hat. I put my hand over my stomach, where the most of my fat would be. She says hi. I get up and we talk. There is another woman there from Armstrong too. Kathy says her name, but we don't talk to her. I walk and talk with Kathy for a while. She is with an older man, who is about 25 years old. I come to some big tents. There is a large green canvas tent that is blowing over. It looks like the tent is blowing away. A little tent is being pulled up and blown too. In it are a bunch of little stands. At first I think I want the big tent to pull the little tent off its stakes. Then I'm in back of the little tent, pulling items out of the stands. I pull out two large packages. I know there are dead bodies in each package. I then pull out a box with writing on it. It says something like "You can't pull this box out". The box looks like the white boxes that the library gets its trash bags in. I pull out boxes of books and fruit. People help me save the stuff in the tent.