I am renting a room at this woman's house. I come home and the Chinese cook (male) and the other woman boarder and the owner are already there. They are eating dinner and each one sniffs the food before eating, because it's been leftovers so long that we aren't sure its still good. I say, "It's pretty bad when you can't relax and trust your food." The woman boarder, the cook and I all share a room. Now I see that the owner has another room we didn't know about. She stores some of her extra furniture in it. I suggest she let me have that room. She reluctantly agrees. Now the cook is like that actor/cowboy with lots of teeth in the Big Valley. John Candy is the woman boarder's boyfriend. Her name is Susie, she's young pretty and stupid, kind of. The three of us sleep together. I turn to John Candy and say, "Can we talk?" He agrees, but looks scared like I'm going to say something serious or negative. I laugh and reassure him it's not going to hurt. I ask him if he could be my friend. He laughs and says, "We're sleeping together and you want to know if we can be friends?" I laugh. By now we've agreed he and I are sleeping together alone, but just as plutonic friends. We cuddle and giggle like teens. I feel something wet on my nightgown and realize it is semen emission, either leakage or he had an orgasm. We both start giggling uncontrollably like teens in a library. It's so ironic that we've agreed to be friends, and sleep together and then he has an emission. Now the cook/old boyfriend is mean. He searches through my drawers of clothes to read my diary and then holds the material over me to keep me in line. John Candy is watching him from the hall. Now the cook/boyfriend sees John and starts to blackmail him. He says in a syrupy voice, "So are you still employed?" John says yes. He says, "Do they need you, Preacher? You are a preacher, aren't you?" John smiles and grabs his arm and says, "It won't work. You'll have to leave us alone. He (boyfriend) is thwarted and leaves, skunking like a villain.