 There is a video of Janet Jackson's Rhythm Nation going on. There is a group of many African American people. They are in rows doing their own dances. Jasmine Guy is in front. The group is moving side to side, but not in total unison: people move independently. A white man comes in with his date. The man has AIDS. It is a New Years Eve Party. I'm there with my dad. George from the television show Seinfeld is there with his father, who is huge. George and his father hug each other, and think or say something about who will die first. I leave with my dad. My roommate Stephen comes out. I hug him goodbye in the hallway. It is an all night party. We get outside and are supposed to prop the door open. We don't do this because the person who left before us didn't do it either. The door locks behind us, so no one wanting to get in could. I see a kid I know from Brimson that we call Death Boy, and his girlfriend. They want something, maybe food, and ask us if we have some. I am with my friend Tim Zelling. He has some Whoppers back where he is staying. I have some too that I give to them. I'm afraid the couple will rob us and take my $200. It is New Years Eve. I'm in the large upstairs bedroom at home. There is a party. My geology professor Greg Welters is teaching others and I how to use an instrument for measuring with two hooks. People come to the room. Some of them are drunk. My friends Kevin Simpson and Emerald Reinhold come through the window. Others come, including my friends Nate Nelling, Tiny Combs, Larry Rollie, and Nicole Peterson. My dad is trying to sleep downstairs. I say it is okay for people to stay if they are quiet. The phone rings. I don't answer it at first. Then I hear my dad yell from downstairs. He is angry that someone would call this late at night. I pick up the phone. It is my friend Elise Rooks. She is at our classmate Susie Pastor's house where there is a party going on. I am wearing my Australian bush hat. People at my house can't be quiet so I make them leave. I tell them I can drive some people home. We go down the stairs. A person I know from Brimson named Brad Heller falls down the stairs. He is a drunken idiot. He acts dead and then smiles. I kick him while he is lying down. My dad and my sister Ramona are in the living room. Ramona is talking on an old, cream-colored phone. My sister Heather arrives home through the front door. I apologize to my dad, saying it was my friends and I that were loud, and that the phone was for me. It is cold: winter. I put on my boots and winter clothes. I go out to start the brown station wagon. It is covered with snow and frost. Everyone is in the car. The car barely starts. I turn the heater on and get out to scrape the windows. I hear a commercial for the Army about a career move or profession. There is a plumbing van there. I say, "Fuck that commercial!" My neighbor Wanda Stalk calls out our back door saying there is a phone call for Hannah, who is my sister Heather. She thinks I am Hannah. I tell her Hannah is not outside. I kind of want to get my bush hat and go to the party at Susie Pastor's house.