I am in bed with a young, good-looking man. He is getting sexually excited. I can feel his penis growing hard next to my thigh. I am sleepy and don't want to make love. He tries to embrace me and I say no. He persists and I feel frustrated. I say, "Don't." Finally I realize he won't give up and leave so I throw myself on the ground next to the bed to sleep there. He gets up and leaves. Some woman is in the next room cooking. I get back in bed, wondering if he'll come back and take up where he left off. I am annoyed a little angry and a little smug because I won. Now I'm the director of this scene with two men and a woman, the same man and another one. I've decided to change or rewrite the scene and I know this will not be good news for the other male actor (looks like Howard at dream workshop) because I'm cutting him out. I say, "Let me see the scene." The man comes in. The other man is there, on the bed. The woman comes in, she's wearing a plastic brace under her chemise and I feel embarrassed and stop the scene. It's a lumpy hook thing on her back and I don't want the scene to go to the point that it is revealed as they take off her clothes. I have a hard time telling this guy he's out and I'm rewriting the scene. Now I'm in the passenger side of the car. I've asked an Aunt to make me something. My mother's standing outside the car glaring in; all I see is her disapproving face. I yell at her, "Leave me alone. I'll do this." I feel some guilt that I'm taking advantage of my Aunt. My mother certainly thinks so. She's telling me I should not ask my Aunt to go to all this trouble. I say to mother, "I'll ask her how much and I'll pay her." I realize guiltily that I'm relying on my Aunt's generosity to say, "No charge" and I won't pay her. My mother nags at me and I yell, "Leave me alone. I'll take care of this." She is upset with me. Now two young women come up to look at a black box (cook stove) with a small red button in the center of the front wall. As they look, I have a paint brush and I try to touch up a few spots with black paint. The young man is around somewhere.