 I'm skiing with my family in Colorado. I ski with my brother Wally. We go on a helicopter ride in a trailer of a helicopter. We go over water and turn steeply that scare me. Someone, who may be my woman-friend Jackie Hunter, says it's scary going over the water. I think it's not scary going over the water, but rather it is cool. I do think the 90-degree turns are scary. We are leaving. I look at a newspaper in the gas station. There is a huge photograph on the front page of a man with a 100-foot python. He doesn't want the python to eat his horse or other farm animal. We leave. Wally is driving. I'm in the passenger seat. My mom and my sisters Ramona and Heather are in the back seat. When we are actually driving, my mom is in the driver's seat and a couple in their late 20's is in the passenger seat. I am behind the couple in the back seat. I don't know who they are or why they are there. I don't want them to be there. White lights go on in the rear of the vehicle signaling there is something wrong with the rear brakes. I have a map. I try to figure out where we are and where we're going. We're going to a park at a tri-state junction of Montana, South Dakota, and North Dakota. We're in Colorado or Wyoming. We see an exit for Waterville or Watertown. I want my mom to take the exit, and she does. We go very slowly. I am anxious and annoyed. I want to go faster. My mom suggests we stay in a hotel for a day and see what is wrong with the car. I ask why not stay at Grandpa's, since we're here? I don't want the couple to be with us. We pull of the highway on the exit ramp slowly. The exit ends. We're in a grassy area that is sparsely wooded. There is a narrow cement path, not wide enough for a car, going off to the right. I get out of the car. There is a wooden post with some colored bottles on the side of it. I easily break the post off. It has the words "Biochemical Health Hazard" on it. I hold it up to everyone and tell, say "Look!", and then disgustedly tell them to get out of there. There is as stream next to the post. The stream is the health hazard. I try to get back to where the car is. I go over the stream. I step on old brown boards that are rotting. They are dried out. I fall in. I have my clothes and boots on. I try to swim. My sister Heather is yelling, saying something about going backwards. I finally make it to the edge of the stream, which is cement.