I'm at a sort of beach in a badlands kind of landscape. I'm looking at it through my camera with the telephoto lens, taking pictures. I see water waves spraying up among the rocky shapes off in the distance. There are people on the beach and it's somewhat crowded. It's also kind of muddy. I need to leave there, perhaps some eruption or danger is possible. A man and myself (who is sort of Justin and Lucy) needs to get away and are being held back somehow (a bad guy). They are finally permitted logs (sawed off segments, maybe four or five of them stacked). They go to the river and throw them in and ride them like a horse, their feet, with shoes on, underwater (dragging their feet). They float down this huge, wide green river, feeling pretty clever at their use of the logs, rather than being burdened by carrying them. The woman also decides to keep near the shoreline. In case she falls off, she'll be able to swim in. But there are rocks and shallows, so they have to go out some distance to get around that. This is all working out fairly well, until the river changes. There are level changes (like giant steps or locks) (like in Panama Canal). They will have to get out of the river and carry their logs until they get past this part. There's something about a bus ride either taken or missed. Then she sees the river up ahead. It is rushing white water and big falls and rapids! They both agree it will no longer be OK to go down the river. So they walk. Now there is some bad guy. I think he is the owner of a shyster carnival set up. He says we have to shoot at a target to see our sharpshooting skills. Maybe we'll win (our freedom?). He points to a (see drawing) circle with a hole in it of green stone that is on a wall and moving in the breeze. He grins. I look again and see it's a (see drawing) pyramid-shaped stone and therefore hasn't a hole in it for the arrow to hit. I say, "No thanks. That's too hard. Not fair. I'll shoot at the dolly in the water-filled case." I see a case like a china cabinet of Grandma Agnes'. It is filled with water and in it is a fat dolly. The guy agrees/laughing. He tells the dolly to get out. She goes out the back door and as she's shutting the door, her "fat suit" padding gets caught in the door. At the breasts, three or four breasts of the padding is all caught in the door. Now the pad floats off the dolly and floats in the water. The real dolly comes in, her porcelain face old-fashioned and sweet. She has ringlets. She stands at the back of the case waiting for me to attempt to shoot her. Now a padded sheet (like over a piano) is all over the case so I can't see where the dolly is. The guy asks, "Want to get up closer?" It's like he's being generous, but he's really not. I smile with confidence and say, "No thanks." I aim my bow and arrow sort of at a cloth toy mouse and shoot. My tiny arrow looks like it's missed because it hit at the front of the case. When the padding is opened, it is revealed that this tricky guy had the dolly move to the front, so my arrow had pierced her ear. I had won, just barely. But I had won. We were free to go.