I need to go to the bathroom. I see a hole in the floor of my house. This whole house is large, but it's only one room with no walls. It's very open. I try to squat down and pee, being careful to try and hit the hole. It's got some water in it like a toilet in a train or plane. The hole moves and I walk, crouched, to keep up with it. It moves to the edge of the floor and changes to a grid covered like square. I'm glad because now I can sit on the edge and let my legs dangle over the edge in a more normal position. I pee. I see the outdoors and kids playing off to the left. I feel embarrassed and see a shower curtain. I reach over and pull it to me, closing it. One slit is left open at my left. I still see the kids playing but, oh well. I get up and examine my "toilet." It's a briefcase with metal grid lines. I think, "It's odd to use a nice leather briefcase like that," and I think about removing it and using it as a briefcase. I see another case with compartments in it, all in a row (see drawing). I see matches and matchbooks in it. Dwight comes over and we hug. I remember it's been along time since we've hugged, touched or made love. I want to hug him, but remember he's my brother and so it would be wrong. Now Lydia and her family come in. I am aware of the toilet thing and worry they can smell urine. There is something about Caroline standing there and her father Doug nearby. Now, a whole parade of people are coming in. It's a party and there's something about my father, maybe it's his parade, or it's for him. There are lots of happy people. Tony Curtis is there. We talk. He's smiling at me. He kisses me. I feel shy. The parade or crowd swarms into the house and Tony and I go out for a walk. As we're walking and talking, I see some tacky looking houses. I stop and laugh. Tony asks why I'm laughing. I say, "This is supposedly the 'south hills' of this town and look how silly, tacky, bad these houses are." We look around. I see poorly made miniature pieces with huge screws in them instead of tiny little nails. I see a house (see drawing). We laugh at this house. We're then in another open kind of house and an older man (maybe two) and a 13(?)-year-old girl are talking. The man sees us and waves goodbye to the girl saying, "I was just kidding about 'Doing It.'" The girl comes into the house and I say, "You'd better not 'do it' with him!" She says, "Don't worry, I won't." She's annoyed with me for even thinking she'd get snookered by this guy. She's pretty capable and knowing.