 I'm walking towards some mountains with others. I see a very steep brown rock peak in front of me with no snow on it. I am in awe of its huge and massive size. On a smaller peak next to it I see a ski lift and ski slopes. I am so excited! I am happy and I cheer and think that we are going to have so much fun! I am skiing with my friends Tim and Niles Zelling. There are three boxes of cereal and two gallons of milk, one of which is 2%, where we are staying. The milk hasn't been refrigerated and is warm and sour. We seem to be in Australia. There are many lifts to go up the hill on. There is a power quad lift. We go up on a lift. There are then no chairs for the lift, which is a rope or cable that we're hanging on to. It keeps going up with no end in sight. We might not be able to get off. There is another lift near where we are. We are low to the ground. I ask the guys if we should just jump off and go to the other lift. My dad is there. He tells me to wrap the cable around the metal pole that is holding the cable up, so the cable will stop moving. I do this by pulling myself up and stretching and wrapping the cable around the pole. Tension builds as the cable is pulled tighter, without snapping. My coworker Shawn Tryner is there. I tell him to watch out or he could get hurt when the cable snaps. I go up a lift and ski down in deep, powdery snow. Another man is there. I have just gone down an area that I picture to be like Corbet's Coulier in Jackson Hole. The man says something about "frag" or a ___, which are puffy snow sculptures of these images on top of the four or five feet of existing snow. He says how he likes how he likes one better, or how one is easier to wipe out or kill. I go through a brick tunnel, past a loading area, to another ski lift. I go past my friend Melanie McDyss, who is waiting for a ski lift. I talk to my friend Norman Noman, who is by the ski lift. It is almost 2:00 pm, and I say I'll meet him down by the chalet for lunch after my next run down. Where we are, part of the slope is grassy. I go to the lift line. I have a snowboard attached to my left foot. I wait, and a young woman comes around me in line. I get on the lift with a woman. We don't talk for a while. Then I say, "How ya doing today?" I slur my speech a little bit. I think she is about my age. She replies to my question. I realize she is an older woman, 50 or 60 years old. I didn't realize this earlier. We ride up. There is snow in places and grass in others. It is warm and the snow is slushy. Cows are out on the slopes sitting and grazing. We get to the top. I get off the lift and can't move well because I'm on grass. I had been carrying my skis up in my hand by their tips. I am holding a show chunk that I scooped out of a snow bank on the way up the hill. I want to throw it at a cow, but the woman is there and she would think I'm cruel if I do that. The lady skis well when we get off the lift, even though there is no snow. My classmate Kyle Mendelson is there, wearing roller blades instead of skis. The snow is melting on top of the mountain, and there is a lot of grass. People are looking for a snowy area to ski down the mountain. I have no poles. It is hard for me to move on flat land at the top. There is a frozen lake that we go over. I go by a shed with many brooms and dustpans in it. I think of using the broom handles as poles. Some men talk about going to Brisbane to get out, and finding a Celtc, which I understand to be a road.