I am reading newspapers. They are very large print and huge pages, the comics and stories. I'm in a room with other people. Now I'm outside a room and sneaking up on the window. The bad guys are in the room, waiting for me. We are going to fight. I am trying to make the odds more even by opening the windows. I'm hiding that fact by placing the cream colored drapes and the cardboard place forward so they can't see they are open. Somehow I win if I fight and then get this pile of money and papers on the window seat out the window after I arrange this. Myself and several others go in and the fighting starts. One big football guy crouches and points to his balls, daring me to kick them. I know I'd be a fool to do so as he'd grab my foot and throw me around. I have a pair of scissors and I slash out, cutting people with it. I then rush to the window and shove out the papers and money. I've won. Now I come around to the door and tell them all to line up in pairs. We're walking over to the superintendent's office to get a lecture and see the museum. It's a way of keeping them busy so no more fights erupt. I see two good-looking young men. One is in a beige suit coat, the other is in back. "You too, eh?" I say. "I might have known." They had started this whole thing. They crowd up real close to me, teasingly aggressive. I march us all to the next building and as we are walking past it, someone comments, "That's his house, that part. He lives here at the school." I see black glass windows (smashed), modern furniture. There is a sense of him using the system. I crowd everyone in; there are lots of them like in a library area. I go to the super's office door and catch him just as he's trying to sneak out. (Jerry Van Dyke's, brother of Dick Van Dyke). I say, "Oh no you don't," and make him come over to talk. I know he's only going to talk a few minutes and I want it to last all afternoon; otherwise what else would I do with them? They are a high school crowd. A shy girl is there. She wants to leave. I don't let her.