 I'm at an ice skating rink with my roommate Stephen Ramos. It costs $1.75 to rent skates. There are two attendants at the rink. One of them tells me I have to pay 50 cents when I leave for skate rental. I tell him to remind me to do this. I skate around the rink a few times. I am partially in control of my body on skates, partially out of control. One end of the rink has a tight brownish-gray carpet on it. It is easy to skate on the carpet, and it gives me traction. My old neighbor Bill Dinks is the other rink attendant. I nearly collide with him, but we avoid each other. At the non-carpeted end of the rink a person gets points if he or she does tricks or stunts. We are now on roller blades. Stephen is saying in his characteristic way that he is nailing his tricks and getting good scores. I don't really care about what he is saying. After you do tricks you sit back down on a bench and your score for the trick is displayed. Stephen is saying how his scores were in the 700's. I do a bunch of out of control 360-degree spins and get 325 points. I see myself sit down on the bench. I am wearing my red economics t-shirt and I have long hair. The rink is then around my house. I go off the rink onto my neighbors the Trammell's lawn, down the hill in front of their house, across their driveway, and jump off the hill on the other side of their driveway. I roller blade down the sidewalk. My high school friend Jack Miller is there. He jumps over a boat on a skateboard. I go to the intersection of Home Avenue and 2nd Street. There is a nun driving a bus. I think she is driving too slowly. I see my classmate Monique Thorble get dropped off at the intersection of Next Avenue and 2nd Street. She starts walking south on Next Avenue, going home. I roller blade down 2nd Street and turn right on Next Avenue, going south. Monique looks good, as always. I try not to look like I'm trying hard to impress her. There is a woman on roller blades going north on Next Avenue who goes past us. She is wearing a lot of fancy roller blade gear. I turn right onto the Christianson's sidewalk and go behind their house over to Mrs. Shelly's house. I think of jumping off Mrs. Shelly's steps, but instead I ride down them. I cross Home Avenue and skate up the smooth part of our steps. In our back yard is a baby that is with my young neighbors Ricky and Alan Broud. My sister Ramona and my cousins Melvin, Rich, and Melissa Redding have left the baby. I am very disturbed that this has happened. I change the baby's diaper. I am not good at changing diapers. I pull off the old diaper and notice smelly yellow transparent feces. I wipe off the butt and penis of the baby, which is a boy. The baby may start to get an erection when I do this. The clean diaper is made of cloth. I get the diaper on the ground and want to have the baby sit on it so I can wrap it around his waist. The grass is freshly cut and some blades of grass keep getting on the diaper before the baby sits down. I learn that the reason Ramona and my cousins aren't here is that our cars have been crushed. Someone hit the parking brake on a vehicle and our car and the two cars from their family collided. My classmate Ted Fitz drives up in a new used car, which is a gray convertible. It is the replacement car.