 I'm at Brimson at night. I imagine being a good rollerblader. I run and jump in my shoes, pretending to do tricks. I see a middle-aged married couple walking down Old Avenue. The man is wearing a tie. He may be a professor. The campus is active, like there is party occurring. I see my childhood friend Ray Jackson. He is running back to a waiting car on the Old Ave frontage road after looking for someone. I wander around. I get tapped on the butt or the back with a branch. I turn and see that my roommate's old girlfriend, Nora. We talk a bit and I ask her how her summer was. She says it went well. I'm glad she had a good summer. She asks me if I'm going to the bathroom. I say no, not right now. She says she asks me this because my shirt is tucked into my jeans and my white brief underwear. The elastic strap on my underwear is visible outside of my jeans. I am embarrassed, but say, "Oh well, no big deal." I walk back towards my room, which seems to be towards Tea Hall. The buildings are old and made of brick with vines on them. There is a garden. I walk into it thinking I'll go through on my way home. There are big red tomatoes that are picked and stacked in long rows and piles. This is my friend Holly Lapson's class garden for her Plant Physiology class. A biology professor named Kim Sands is at the desk of the garden. I sneak through the garden, thinking it will be a short cut. I pick up a tomato and start to eat it. I am in rafters, up high. I need to be very careful so I don't fall. The rafters I am standing on shakes. I need to find a way out. I call Kim on the phone to distract her so I can get out. I say something about a quart of mayonnaise. I slide down a 2x4 piece of wood, then slide down a rope, and then run. I get to a corner of a building. I see there is only one-way exit, which is the way I came in. Kim Sands is then my psychology professor Marianne Stash. Marianne comes looking for the person in the store, which is I. I hide among racks of clothes. I try to escape out the entrance. I hide and run, trying to be stealthy. Marianne finds me. I don't try to run away. She sees it is I. I tell her I needed a Christmas ball-type ornament, but it was too expensive, so I put a dent in one and either bought it cheaper or stole it. I probably stole it. Now I have more money, so I wanted to take the dent out and return it.