My father and I are looking at things. I walk over to a road, a dirt road, and I say, "Oh! look, it's Springdale," one of my Uncle's house. I see the dirt driveway and a grassy bank. I say, "Look, it's like it was long ago" (perhaps when I was a child). Suddenly there is an earthquake. I see the dirt breaking up and rolling down the grassy bank. "An earthquake," I say. My father comes to look as the road transforms to a staircase; the left side of it is now the dirt bank. My father and I go stand on it to look. Several people stand right on the edge and the edge crumbles and they jump down. One man says to us, "Careful." My father says, "Let's go look." He jumps down on the stairs. I lean over and he holds his arms up for me to jump. "Are you sure?," I ask. He smiles and says, "Come on." I then jump down into his outstretched waiting arms. He catches me and we laugh. He hugs me and we hold hands. It's very affectionate and warm (he is 68 years old like he is now). We go down the stairs into a room. On the left is a beautiful, ornate piano. He asks me to step through a golden, wired design I could walk through to sit on a chair and listen as he plays his piano. He goes up a few stairs to play the piano. I try to bend down and walk through the wire devices. It keeps bumping my head until I am finally on my hands and knees and still won't fit. My father laughs and so do I. "Guess I won't fit here," I say. I walk over to where he's at the piano. He starts to get up to go fix the wire thing but I say, "No, I'd rather sit here anyway" (it's closer to him and the piano). Now we walk over to another room. There are dolls on the wall. He takes one off the wall and says she has to go to the dolly hospital. She's had her head severed. I make a word joke about how severe to sever with a head severing (something like that). He says, "He didn't quite understand that." (Elaine?) The dollies were gifts from an Aunt. He rearranges them. We walk on, back to the piano room. He looks up high on a wall and sees some little knickknacks and plaques. He says, "Hope you don't mind, but I think I'll take those down." I say, "Actually I've been wanting them down for a while. It makes the room look tacky." (The dollies were very high up too.)