 I'm in an underwater world. It's an area of water with glass tunnels for walking through. There are houses and people living in the water and outside the enclosed tunnels. I am shown a map. The map is about deer hunting land. I see Wisconsin shaded on the map because there are so many deer there. There are only a few deer in Minnesota, the some states to the south and west of it. There seems to be a line running north/south along the map from the Wisconsin-Minnesota border along the other state borders that denotes the good hunting land. I am with a group of people from ____ (I forget). I have a cigarette in my mouth. I don't smoke it; I just let it hang there to look cool. Someone comments on my sideburns and goatee. I am the only person with sideburns and a goatee, which I kind of like. I'm dressed like a cowboy, all made up in my clothes, as are some men from my high school who are there, including Brett Ball, Izzy Hay, and Rick Hartley. I think it's odd that we're dressed the same. We are leaving. It seems we may have been at Grandma and Grandpa Redding's farm. I get into a jeep with my friend from high school Lyle Zeffman and my roommate Stephen Ramos. We pack into crowded jeep with others. Someone else is driving. There are two other vehicles going. We are driving to a place. There are more women than men, maybe in a 13:4 ratio. I say I've had my cigarette for a day. I fold up the unsmoked cigarette and put it in the ashtray in the vehicle. I say that we need to get my friend Kevin Simpson. We're going to a hotel-like place that is run by a very strict, staunch head nun. She does things only her way. It seems the has been entertaining groups like ours for years, and she likes and expects ups to come and meet and greet her in the same way as the other groups. We are instructed about this before arriving. At this place it is my mom's birthday. They are making some sort of lemon coffee cake especially for the occasion. People are lined up to get some of this. I am kind of out of line, so I budge in front of people. We need to line up again, and I go to the end of the line since I feel guilty about budging in front of others earlier. They are two groups I know at the end of the line. They allow me to go ahead of them because they don't think I should go last in line, since it's my mom's birthday. There is a fat army man serving the food. After one gets their food they are supposed to go down stairs. When I am served, coffee spills off my plate. I go downstairs. They ask us to think about a question while we eat. I sit by myself to figure the question out. My mom is there. My friend Matt Yams' brother Jasper is there, eating. We are to file back up the stairs when we're done eating.