 I'm with my ex-girlfriend Jackie Hunter in a bed. We talk about sex. She agrees to give me fellatio if I give her cunnilingus. This was her suggestion. I say I've always wanted that. We are in the garage at home in Oak Valley. We toss and turn in the bed to get comfortable. There is a button knob on the mattress that irritates me. My roommate from Fishing Haven Sean Williams is in the garage. It's nighttime. My mom is sleeping. Sean turns on a radio. I get very angry with him! I yell at him and say my mom is trying to sleep. I turn the radio off, and it keeps playing! I turn it off several times, turning and pressing a different knob each time. Finally I jerk the power cord out of the wall. I go up close to Sean and show him my fury! He comments on how I'm close to him yelling. I say I realize I'm close to him! I feel powerful. Sean is weak. He turns away, not wanting to face me. My friend Kevin Simpson is in the garage with his friend George Packer. Kevin and I are supposed to be somewhere at 10:30pm. It's 10:30 now: we're late. I get dressed quickly. Jackie has to leave. George can't go with us. Kevin and I are up to our "no good games", having some fun at night again. I walk around the sidewalk to the front of the house, and down to the steps. My mom is awake, and is walking over to the neighbor Wilma and Gary Stein's yard. She returns with her sister Joanne Redding, who is homeless and has been at Sea Island looking for shelter. I tell Joanne to go inside and get some sleep. It seems that we made Joanne go out and try to find someplace, and when things got rough for her we let her back in. In particular, I am the person allowing her back in. It is very cold and snowy outside. I carry my boots with me until I get out in front of the house, and then put them on. I'm in a hurry. We're going to a barbershop, Kevin says. Kevin clipped the barber's hair today while he was getting his own hair cut, and we're going to get the hair he clipped. This is a big feat for anyone to achieve. We need to clean the hair after we get it. We head down Home Avenue going south. I look through binoculars down past Main Street to the house adjacent the railroad tracks. I see nothing, but I say that I see a few ribs.