 There is a basketball team made up of a core of four black players. There are other players, of which I am one and my classmate Chuck from Brimson is another. The core players play with one of the players who isn't good. When I am on the court, I play, but not really. The players don't include me fully in play: I just run around, and am not really participating because I am not good. I'm not part of the team, it seems. I am then watching a game. My friend Jasper Parsons is next to me. We're sitting on chairs. There is a man in front of us talking to people about eating and licking the inside of noodles. There is a generic lady's office. Her family is there. She tries to control them and work at the same time, and this doesn't go well. She is a resource for students, like at the Learning Center at Brimson. My friend Matt Yams is there. There is an old woman with a fishing rod dangling it back towards me, unknowingly. I tug on the line hanging off the rod. Matt tells her she has a bite. I took a lot of black book-like catalogs from the woman's office. She has a lot of catalogs, and is filling more out. I wonder if there is one for every person. I have the control panel for an elevator there. I joke around, pressing buttons to the first or third floors. Then I hit a button by accident, and I go up in the elevator to the seventh or eighth floor. I'm at the top of the building, and the elevator seems to be leaning and unstable. It opens onto the small roof of a leaning building that is swaying. I get out of the elevator onto the roof. There is a six feet gap between the elevator and the roof: it is as if the elevator is not next to the building. I jump back into the elevator immediately, before the door closes. The elevator starts to sway; it leans and bumps into the building, which starts to tilt and lean, swaying. Then the elevator starts to fall. I'm in a yard where a woman plays kick ball with a little girl using a beach ball. A metal rake is on the lawn with the teeth pointing up.