I'm at Warrior - it is dinnertime, and I've been staying in this other room, finishing something - we were all sitting in our chairs, and something was happening at the very end that I didn't finish. So instead of staying to finish that, I'm now coming into the room where everything is out on the tables - it's a long table with picnic-sort-of benches along it. There's a number of us (certainly not as many as there were at Warrior last year), and everyone else has been eating for a while. I'm rather concerned about getting enough to eat. I go around the table with this dish that I have [picked up or been handed, I don't know which] - everybody was taking something with them that they'd been handed by the cook or somebody. This was vegetable-puff things, or little bitty things that look "grassy" - definitely an attractive arrangement on the oblong dish, but it looked like sort of tufts of grass, which was not particularly appealing. I take it around the table with me, glancing at the other dishes as I go and think there's not much left, put my dish down and I'm talking to someone down at the end there - we get involved in talking about something and it's still a little while before I get to put anything on my plate. I go down to the other end of the table and pick up a dish or 2, sort of scrape what's left on it together and get some meal-for-me. Most everyone else has already left, it's just me and a few other people. Now we're going into another room, with Brad, and I am feeling very guilty, apprehensive, that Brad is going to find me out. He will know that I haven't managed my time very well and this is the result of it: I have not gotten myself fed because of my own indulgences. I'm very concerned about that. He's talking. There's a clump of us at one end of the room and it's almost as though we're lying down; not quite. Jenny's right next to me, and Brad is talking about something, and his voice fades out, a little now and then - I'm almost ready to say, "I can't hear", but I hesitate. Then I hear Jenny say - and not very loud or strong either - "John, I can't hear", and I repeat, almost with her, "John, I can't hear you", which, as soon as I say it I realize isn't quite the way we're "sposed to say it" - I should say, (firmly) "John, I can't hear!" and stick my hand up, very clearly. I also realize right after that it's not John, it's Brad - and we both said John. An interesting situation, I don't know quite what to make of that, but Brad doesn't say anything about it (at least not before I'm out of that scene).