 I'm serving mass at Carter church as an altar boy. I think I volunteer to because no one was there to serve. The candles by the altar are burning out; there is no wick left. I'm wearing a green and white sweater that is too short for me. My white t-shirt shows from underneath the sweater. I have on a pair of jeans and tennis shoes. Back in the sacristy I change into and orange and white striped shirt with an orange windbreaker over it, and tan colored pants with boots. Fathers Dan Pink and Vance Brock are presiding. I see them in the sacristy. I get an extra long robe to wear. The sizes on the robes have a three-digit number. My number may be 267. My brother Wally is at church but doesn't help serve. I play the Bare Naked Ladies or Grant Lee Buffalo in a cassette player over the speakers in church before mass starts. When I shut the music off, my sister Ramona goes up and starts playing the piano as the introduction to mass. I go out the south side door, running to get back by the time she is done playing piano. I go through the basement and the kitchen. Items for baking are set out. I'll come by later and get something to eat. I go up the back stairs to the sacristy. One sign reads "Construction". The hallways lead to a hospital and other places. I have trouble finding the sacristy. I find it: it leads to or is a gymnasium. It's full of people. My mom, Ramona, Wally, sister Heather, aunt Sheila Redding, uncle Rusty Redding, and their kids Melvin, Melissa, and Rich are there shooting free throws in some sort of a game or contest. I'm outside Carter School. We get 24 large metal cans delivered on two trucks. I carry two cans at a time on my shoulders to exercise my back muscles. My boss Phoebe Mills may be there telling me where to put things. I haul the cans to the old equipment/ball room. The trucks that left the barrels also left some wet, dirty equipment packs for us, from the dump. I hang them above the Thermarests in the equipment room at Fishing Haven. One man driving the truck wants out glass for recycling. There is some outside and some in the equipment room. My friend Tom Napper is there with a big dog. It wants to go outside again, and Tom is annoyed with it. I'm back in the old equipment/ball room. Some people who are seniors in high school have submarined the room, messing it up. The room is half full of balloons. I try to pop them with a torch, which doesn't work well. Then I pop them with a scissors, so we'll see and take class. The school is empty. There is a mail jeep with a red and blue stripe parked outside. I find some chocolate ice cream in a refrigerator down where the first grade coat area is. I run with the ice cream. I'm going to eat it or put it in the freezer. I go through the gymnasium. The door to he music room is open. I get down near the north end of the building on the lower level where the freezer is. My third grade teacher Liza Minikel is there cleaning. I hid the ice cream on the side of my body, and run down the hall towards the main doors. She doesn't see the ice cream, and must think I'm strange for running. Ramona sees me and chases me. I fake going out the back door to the playground by pushing it open, so she would hear it, then hiding around the sliding gymnasium door. I laugh as I go up the stairs, and she knows it's me. I don't fool her, and she comes into the gymnasium. She is wearing a bra and full brief underwear. She asks me if I like them. They seem scrunched up: vertically compressed.