Capt. Jean-Luc (of Star Trek) is interested sexually in Dr. Beverly and vice versa. They are on the bridge. He suggests they go to her quarters. She is hesitant but willing. Her concern is that if it doesn't work out, there would be big problems because of their close relationship as captain and doctor. They would still have to work together. He overrides her concerns and they go to her quarters and don't even completely undress and attempt to make love. His penis is semi-flaccid and medium-sized. She expected it to be bigger. She strokes his penis and stomach, trying to unbutton his pants. Then she pulls him to her and he enters, but it is not as exciting as anticipated, they struggle and try, but it's just not working. She fakes an orgasm and they sit up. Her half grown son tries to lock the door for her so she'll have more privacy. Capt. sits up and says, "So, we won't be seeing each other like this again." Her feelings are hurt. Is he, after all, just like other men? She retaliates by saying, "I faked the orgasm." Now they are both hurt and the captain goes back up on the bridge. Later, she goes to change her clothes and chooses a uniform top that is yellow, a soft knit that will accentuate her form with lace around the attached hood. She feels this is incongruous with her feelings that it's all over. She goes up on the bridge. Everyone is expecting an alien visitor. She must prepare the proper environment for him. He's mostly invisible and the atmosphere he needs is a blue light. She reassures the crew if they encounter the alien's blue misty atmosphere, it will not harm them. The alien enters and wears large "sneakers" on his "feet." Doctor bends down to examine them, thinking they are too tight for the "ganglia." Captain watches her and makes a comment under his breath about how lucky "he" (the alien) is to have her touching him and being concerned. She sort of feels his remark. A slight sexual tension and teasing is going on. She decides the alien doesn't have to wear the sneakers after all (they are our species stuff) and takes out a soft slipper that he can wear instead.