 I'm going muskie fishing down at the river, which is also Crescent Lake. I hold a very short, fat muskie in my hand. It has a body like a crappie but has a big head and tail. I walk up the ramp way, then hop over another ramp above it. The ramps are slanted, like a switchback. I let the little muskie go down a slide-like black tube with water in it. It slides down. That is how one releases a muskie here. I am walking and I see my grade school classmate Helen Vader. She has really changed. I remember when I last saw her at the fair and told her that she had really changed. I don't say that now. She has chin-length straight blond hair and is wearing a lot of makeup, including lots of pink blush. We talk a little bit. She is going to school in Forkville. I see her mother Doreen Vader and wave at her. Doreen doesn't recognize me. The area is crowded with both fishermen and non-fishermen. I notice my aunt Sheila Redding and cousin Rich are standing next to me on my left. I turn and say hi to them. My uncle Rusty is there too. Sheila sees or hears my friends coming. I look down the walkway and see my friends Kevin Simpson, Bubba Hacker, Stephen Ramos, and Tony Kramer coming to fish! I yell to them my greeting, "Sluuu!" They come over to where I am. Tony bumps me hard when we meet. I'm not sure this is friendly or belligerent. We go to fish muskies. I walk past a swimming pool in which I see a northern pike chases a kid's spoon lure and hit it. The boy catches the fish. My big muskie lure gets caught in Tony's green sweatshirt. He gets the hook out and throws it to me. Not wanting to catch the lure, I let it land. The metal lip on the lure gets bent. I swear! I think I put the lip of the lure in my mouth, like a mouthpiece. My classmate from Brimson Ed Yarns is there. I go downstairs to where we get in. A man operates this place. It is a tourist place. I jump over some parts of the stairs onto another set of stairs. All the rules for the place are posted. People come and pay for time to fish here. I have my yellow spoon and two huge plugs. My high school classmate Jack Miller has the plugs in his life vest. The man is going to charge me $2 to use the spoon and $3 for some sort of permit. He says that the fishing will damage the rainbow trout population, and that's why I have to pay the fee. I say I'm not fishing for trout, I'm fishing for muskies, but he says it doesn't matter. Kevin comes down to the man and I. He doesn't have the other two lures. It would cost more to bring those in. I don't' way to may that much, and I leave. I go up to the man to get my yellow spoon, and the man tries to keep mine and give me a cheap version that looks like mine! I get angry with him and call him a fraud. I tell him I'll expose him! He quickly covers up his name on the boxes and things that are around so I don't see his name and tell others bad things about him. His name has five letters, starts with K, and contains the letters l, e, and i in it as well. I leave and go upstairs, walking out of the place. There is a very attractive young woman sitting at a table with others. She reminds me of an attractive young female customer we had at work recently. She looks at me briefly. I catch her off guard as I walk by. I can tell she is attracted to me. I walk out of the place, tossing a crumpled up piece of paper at a garbage can and missing. I don't stop to pick it up, and feel like a fool because the attractive woman may have seen my do this. I am walking in a mall. There is a bar there. I think of stopping to get a beer. My classmates from Brimson Monique Thorble, Seth Voss, and others walk by. My high school classmate Carrie Zadra walks by.