I'm on a boat trip. I am with my "husband" who is like Darryl. Two couples are traveling together. We women get angry at the husbands. They just goof off and ignore us, so we decide to get divorced. Now we're ready to go back home. We walk upstairs and down and across a lobby. I see a boy/man in a wheelchair that looks like a big stroller. He's tipped over. People are walking past. Even though I am aware I have a disability (not in the dream), I reach over and help him up. Darryl also helps. He thanks us. I think how small his body is. Darryl is talking about us being together even though we're "divorced." I am tempted. I do love him and enjoy him. He keeps talking and repeats what he heard the other guy say about maybe it's true we're really lesbians and just want an excuse to travel together so we can be together. This makes me mad again. I look for my room, #15. Darryl follows me. I try to open the door. I push a big purple button. A water shower sprays out. I keep adjusting the spray to get it to stop, but it won't. I get frustrated and say something like, "Hey, I can't make this work." Darryl frolics in and pushes the button and it stops. I say, "How did you do that?" He says, "I don't know. It just stopped the first time I touched it." I go down a long narrow stairs with bits of wet pampers on the floor. I am amazed at how huge this room is and wonder if I've got the wrong one. The first one coming out was tiny and no bathroom. This one has separate rooms. I go into each room, exclaiming at the spaciousness and luxury. "Wait 'til you see all the pretty things in the bathroom," says Darryl. I run in to look. There are lots of knickknack shelves and groupings of tiny ceramic animals. There are a group of kitties, dogs, etc. I say, "Oh, look, I can take all these home." I am looking forward to looking at all my treasures. I go out and see more rooms. I see an open door. A stranger (female) stands looking in at me. The door then closes and I realize it's a connecting door to another cabin and it was left accidentally open and now is properly shut.