 I'm with my friends Bubba Hacker, Kevin Simpson and Stephen Ramos at home. We're joking around laughing. My mom is trying to sleep. She says it's 1:00 am. We'll have to go to the basement and do something mellower. I'm sitting in my living room with my ex-girlfriend Annie Thomas, and our friends Emerald Reinhold, Esther Thurman, Elise Rooks, Marybeth Neumann, and Stephen. Stephen says he would sit there amongst us in his underwear. This is like a dare, so everyone says that they would sit there in their underwear. I am the last to respond, because I think this is a dumb idea. We all take off out clothes. I say that looking at all the breasts has gotten me aroused. I am giving Annie cunnilingus. At first it seems like she is not physically there, as if I am nuzzling the thighs of an imaginary person. Then she is there. I do some kind of sucking action with my mouth over her clitoris. I lick and finger her clitoris. She starts rubbing her clitoris with her own fingers, masturbating. She is really into the sexual experience, so if I don't do exactly what she wants she'll do it herself or move my hand so it's done right. I see her genitals vividly. They are larger than life: bright red and pink colored, full and fleshy. She is secreting a lot of vaginal juices. She has an orgasm. She ejaculates a stream of fluid out of her urethra at the moment of orgasm. Stephen gives someone cunnilingus. There are other naked women available all around. I start to lick Annie again, and she doesn't like it. Emerald says something about Annie's ejaculation, implying I should know that Annie wouldn't be ready for or wanting cunnilingus again. The week before this, Annie and I had a sexual encounter. She has a crooked tooth, because she hit it when she was drunk at a bar. Then I have a crooked tooth. People talk about good smelling underwear. I say I don't have any. Someone says that I do: those polyester shiny silver pair. The whole time that this orgy occurs, my mom is in the next room, which is her bedroom.