 I'm in a lunch line with others. I have my retainer in my mouth, which I have not worn in a very long time. It does not fit well, and my speech is slurred, it is difficult to talk. My high school classmate Carmen Allure and Brimson classmate Shannon Barns are there. They also have retainers in which makes it difficult for them to talk. Carmen has very short hair, shaved in the back. I'm going up stairs to level six of a building. I go past my high school crush Harmony Allure on the sixth floor. She is at a sink brushing her teeth. She has shorter hair, hairy legs, and is wearing big yellow slippers and a green robe. I'm in school going to a class. She is out of school. I walk behind her pretending not to notice her. I get near the room and realize my class is downstairs: it's a 10:30am calculus class with my calculus professor from Brimson, Professor Simpson. It is close to 11:00am, and I'm late. I run down the stairs, jumping over railings, skipping flights of stairs. I'm trying to act cool near Harmony, and I succeed in not falling as I run down the stairs. I get to the classroom and enter. The class is watching a movie. My friend Stephen Ramos, grade school classmates Eric Stoner and Patrick Bergman, and high school teammate Barry Everson are there. I don't sit down in my normal seat, but go to where my two returned tests area. I take them to Simpson's desk and he explains my grades on each, and the grading procedure. I got a 91% on the first test, which I am happy with, and a 25% on the second test. On the second test there were two questions, 107-114 points apiece. The questions were not about math. I think the second question had to do with the earth, moon, and tides. The answers were supposed to be well explained, so saying it simply, using one perspective, wouldn't get one all the points. The answer had to be inclusive of many perspectives and aspects. I have a Heineken beer. I take a sip of it. Eric, Patrick, and my grade school classmate Jerry Kasper have a sip of it too. Then they drink it all! I can have a beer in class because I'm 21. I intend to charge those guys $.60 each for the beer. It cost me $2, and all I got was one sip! I tell Stephen that I went down six flights of stairs in about 10 seconds with no flaws.