I am in a house with Pat Brown. We are making love, on a wooden bench (like a pew). He's kissing me and lying on top. I'm getting excited. I think maybe someone will walk in so I say, "I think we ought to lock the doors," a glass side door and a front door. He's enjoying the sexual feelings and is reluctant to stop. Just then a woman, my "roommate," comes walking in the front door. She's dressed to go to church, wearing a hat and pulling on her gloves. Pat had slid down off me and my skirt is down enough that I am covered, and I hope we look innocent enough. But no, Pat is naked and his bare butt gives us away. She sees the situation out of the side of her eyes and pretends it's not happening and leaves. (Before this, I think, a bobcat was outside the glass doors and comes into the room. I think it's beautiful and am aware it's a wild animal and feel concern that I could be hurt. I want to pet it, and do, but am also trying to get it out of the room.) So Pat and I resume making love. He is only partially erect and has some trouble finding his way in to the vagina. He slides down and looks, poking around for the opening. I want him to quit fooling around and come in and have an orgasm. A small, red, furred kitty is outside the front door in the foyer and it belongs to my roommate. It prances out of her room to her in the hall and she pets it as she's leaving for church. Then the kitty comes to my room and comes up on the bench where Pat and I are. I pat it. I notice it has red eyes. It purrs and licks me, and Pat, with his eyes sensuously half closed, sticks out his tongue and licks the kitty once or twice. I want Pat to make love to me and I start kissing him, and then I realize he's done. He had orgasm and I am left sexually awake and frustrated. He sits up and gets up as my roommate is returning. I notice my diaphragm, wet with jelly, is on the bench and I try to slide it out of sight. It's stretched over a plastic breakfast bowl. I create a diversion, gather it up and give it to Pat. We go out of the room, talking, chatting and duck into the bathroom. I put the diaphragm on the shelf. It turns into or is next to a small black object, cylindrical in shape (see picture).