 I'm with my friends Stephen Ramos, Norman Noman, Arnold, and Jake Fowler in a car. Arnold and Jake go into a gas station to steal cigarettes. Arnold climbs on Jake's shoulders and reaches a carton or something off a top shelf, then runs out to the car. My friend's parents, Dick and Judy Zates see them steal the cigarettes and get in the car. We start to drive. I look away so the Zates' won't see my face. They follow us in a yellow car. We come to a huge blue bridge, made of wood and metal. Stephen jumps off the car, which doesn't have a roof, onto a walkway. Norman swerves the car so I am almost forced out. I cling to metal railings on the walkway, and climb up. I'm on the wrong side, so I jump or move over to the walkway. I go down the walkway or hallway six or seven levels. I see my grade school mate Larry Bark and other familiar people who seem to be working for the State Department in the Forestry Service. I get to the bottom hallway and am headed back to one side of the bridge. I go by my ex-girlfriend Annie Thomas and her friend Elise Rooks, dressed in black and wearing black bandanas. They're on my left side. My high school classmates Karl Mueller, Fred Slick, and Olie Kecker have cuts and scars on their faces like they've been in a gang fight. They're on my right side. I turn around a few steps after I pass them and say that I must be dreaming, and I am. I go into the room where they were near. Annie and Elise are there. I want to have sex with them. I wave my arm and make Norman leave, and he is gone. First I have sex with Elise. She lies on her back and I kneel. Her vagina is tight. I have sex with her in the vagina and the butt. I lean over and start to give Annie cunnilingus. I lick and suck her vagina. My coworker from Fishing Haven, Heather, is there. I remove her from the scene by waving my arm in a sweeping motion, scraping her away. I tell her to get out of her, and shove her, and she is gone. Towards the end of our sexual encounter, I suck Annie's butt hole.