 There is a tow to do for Fishing Haven. The customer is an older woman. I am in a tree. I climb down a meet the woman and my boss Mike Hollow. The woman has extra beer. I wait for them to arrive. She gives me a $3 tip and the extra beer, which is Leinenkugels. I say it is my favorite. I'm at home. My mom is handing out beers to people. She gives me a good thick German beer. It's thick, sweet, and buttery. It looks and tastes like runny bread pudding. My mom talks about this beer and having a taste of cat meat when in Germany. People are outside the front of the house. Many cars are there. My aunt and uncle Rusty and Sheila Redding and their children Melvin, Rich, and Melissa, grandpa and grandma Redding, the Lorenz family, and my friend's parents, Dick and Judy Zates are all there unexpectedly. It's a family reunion. I go out. I am happy to see Rusty and the others, though they don't seem so excited. I shake my cousin Avery King's hand. The King family are going to either North Dakota or South Dakota for a vacation, which is one hour from Forkville. People take some photographs. I'm in a photograph with two of my mom's old women friends. One of the women is grandma Redding. They take a photograph, and we stand close together. I hold their arms like in a wedding procession: one woman on each side of me. Grandma is wearing a gray suit coat outfit. I ask her how she is. She tells me I look good. I say that she looks good too, even though she is shaky and clearly is aging. Grandpa stands in front of us. People move in for photographs. I tell the Zates' that they were in my dream last night. Then I realize I've said that to Dick Zates and Marge Thompson, mistaking Marge for Judy Zates. The real Judy Zates comes over and asks if she was in the dream. I say no before I realize it was she. We all gather around a big stove. It's like a Coleman stove my mom has. We're going to cook bratwurst with sauerkraut and ketchup. There is confusion about which can be used: the sauerkraut or the ketchup. I say both.