 I'm in Carter Church basement with others. I go into the bathroom. My childhood friend Andy Jones is there with a woman who works here on some kind of project. They need to get into the bathroom, which is like a storage room as well. They interrupt me as I'm trying to defecate. I get up and leave, and they do what they need. I grab my stuff, and some garbage and walk out towards Carter School. A rock star that is a young kid with dyed red hair is playing in the church. People are setting up chairs as I leave. One man says that they need six more chairs, and indicates he wants me to help. I'm not going to help because I have nothing to do with what they're doing. I see a woman on my way to the recess door of the school. She asks me what I'm doing with Fishing Haven's garbage. I realize I'm carrying it, and I tell her that I'm in the habit of it, even though I recognize that I don't work at Fishing Haven anymore. I feel dumb saying this, and I want to get rid of the garbage, especially before my former bosses Mike Hollow and Phoebe Mills see me! I walk over to the parking lot behind Carter School. I need somewhere to put the garbage. I go into a door below the steps and put the garbage into a can in the gymnasium. My truck is parked outside next to Fishing Haven's blue truck. My friend Beth Mock is driving the other truck. It's full of wood for building, which is from something that was dismantled. I think it looks like there are some maps of the Big Resort Area in back. When I look, there are not. I get into the truck with Beth. She tells me she's reading some letters to kill time before she goes to the dump. I think I should tell her she should go and just drive slowly, rather than sit here where she may be seen. Beth expresses her dislike for her job at Fishing Haven. We go to the dump. We go past a liquor store. My birthday comes up in conversation, since I'm now 21. We pass Francois' Restaurant, which is a huge liquor store. I say we should go there, and want to stop. We pass a police car. I tell Beth to keep her speed under 38 miles per hour because police will give tickets for anything more than that. She doesn't listen. I put my seat belt on in case we're pulled over. We drive to the dump, which is out on the Thru Highway, but we don't go that way. We are with other friends going to a concert. It's snowing. Something attached to her boot pulls Beth along the ground. I kneel in a red plastic sled and push myself along. We are then on 1st Street between Hill and Slope Avenues, in Oak Valley, on the south side of the road. We hear songs on the radio station 101.7 which Beth says are the same songs that are going to be played at a dance show that is happening tonight. I think this is the same thing we're going to. We move on the ground. There are tickets and wristband scraps all over the sidewalk and ground. Two older men leave the concert/festivity. They have wristbands on. I don't' have a ticket to this. Michael Jackson will be at the show dancing. I'd like to see him rather than just sitting and doing nothing. My cousin Archie Weber is by the Elgins house on the southeast corner of the intersection of 1st Street and Slope Avenue in Oak Valley. He tells me to pull off to the sidewalk. I do. There are broken sunglasses on the ground, but none that are good enough to wear. Archie is checking for a parking space near there which is why he wants me to wait.