 I'm in Carter Church. I sit in back with my friend Niles Zelling. Many others are there and they sit in the front of the church. My grade school classmate Misty Ryan is a server for the mass. The priest is Father Vance Brock. At the end of mass Father Vance asks if anyone wants to stay and serve a funeral. A lot of people raise their hands or jump up, because they'll get out of the rest of the day at Carter School if they serve. I hope I don't get called on. Father Vance selects three people, not me. Then he tells the rest of us "cocksuckers" to leave. My grade school classmate Gino Teavor is there. I grab his jacket for him. Outside is it icy: very slippery. Others and I go over to Carter School. We haven't eaten lunch yet, and it's early afternoon. My friends Tiny and Matt Combs, and Jeff and Ryan Vaurnet are there. They're going to Jefferson School to have a fish fry for lunch in a trailer home. I haven't eaten since I've been in church, so I ask them if I can go with if they'll have enough fish. They say I can. I go upstairs to the secretary's office where I find a television and a VCR. I unplug them to go past them, and then plug them back in. I walk down the dark upstairs hallway with a light in my hand. The doors to the classrooms aren't closed tightly. I don't know which grade I'm in. I hear faint voice in my sixth grade teacher Sherry Devine's room. I don't want to interrupt the people, so I go to the bathroom. There is a tiger in the bathroom. It is huge and strong but gentle. There is a dog with antlers tied to its head. There are two cats, one of which is nice and the other mean. The mean cat climbs up my leg and scratches me. I grab it by the back of the neck and hold it, like I am choking it. I go out of the bathroom and find my name and coat rack underneath it. I'm near the door, I think, because my teachers have always seen me as being responsible enough to be away from the teacher's coat rack. I put the battery charger on my coat rack. The coat rack of an acquaintance of mine named Debbie Oliver is next to mine. Debbie and Sherry Devine walk out of the room. Debbie is starting 6th grade at Carter School. Sherry has some very crisp waffles. She says I can go eat with the others. The others have left.