 I kiss a woman. I'm on stairs. She is at the top of the stairway. She pulls my face towards her. Her knees are bent up towards her chest. This makes it hard to kiss her. I'm on a ledge of concrete five or six feet off the ground. I have my sleeping back, which is open. I'm getting set up with a woman who is a friend of a female friend of mine. I sit up and talk with my friend, and the woman comes. There is a lot going unspoken. The woman and I are supposed to have a sexual encounter in a dream. She may not want to do this. She is attracted to me, but may not want to have a sexual encounter with me because I do that in my dreams. The woman has blond hair and her name is Lucy. She is talkative and kind of annoying. She reminds me of my classmate Rachel Thompson. I sit up to talk. I make an attempt to be social and go through the courting process, though I am not comfortable doing so. We're outside a bar. There are some men from Brimson there who recognize me. They are baseball players. I vaguely recognize them and say hi. One of them looks like my classmate John Thomas. The man from Brimson that I met in the Big Resort Area at Fishing Haven is there, and I say hi to him. There are other people outside the bar are giving away dead fish beer and eating raw fish. Some of the fish have a huge eye on their side. There is a white limousine with baseball players in it parked nearby. Another white limousine being driven by a drunken baseball player crashes into the parked limousine. I think that the crash will cost a lot. I walk with Lucy down metal grate steps of what seems to be a baseball stadium. I ask her if she writes down her dreams. She says yes, and I am surprised! I tell her I have 10 dream journals full of dreams. We buy pizza. Fist we go to one little shop where it costs a lot and the employee is rude. Then we go to another shop. The pizza costs $1 a slice. Then it is two slices for $1. I ask the man if I can exchange half a slice for a piece, since it's two for $1. The pizza that is $1 a slice tastes good. The pizza that is two slices for $1 isn't very good: thin, unmelted cheese, and small. My grade school classmate Jerry Kasper is there. He talks about an eye mask that he wears which enhances vision. He says he uses it for bowling and hockey. His vision is pretty vivid and crazy when he uses it for hockey.