 I'm at Fishing Haven with my friends. We're reading to go on our trip starting at the public landing on Eagle Lake. I need to get my mail. The parking area by the store is thick dark brown mud. People are gathering, waiting for the store to open. I look at my watch: it's 6:50am. I want to move the brown station wagon and boat that we drove here before Phoebe Mills and Mike Hollow arrive at the store. I get in and back the boat up so I have room to drive out. The brakes don't work. I can't stop completely. I back the boat up fast, but I do it well. I press the brake as hard as I can but the car and boat keep moving backwards. I almost hit one man. I pull out of the parking lot and park the wagon and the trailer on the side of the road. There is a curve in the road and the ditch drops sharply. I move the car and trailer so they are off to the side of the road in the rocky ditch area. I go back to the parking lot. Around one side of the building is a junk storage shed. A mans asks me if everyone needs a cushion. I say one cushion per boat is needed. I go up to the store. I see Phoebe through a trashy screen window as I walk up to the door. There is a white cloth hanging from the top of the doorway with brown writing on it. The writing advertises sales in the store. I go in and meet Phoebe and ask her for my mail. She jokes about what I wrote in my letter to them. She says I wrote that I should "get payment" rather than "receive payment", which to her would be saying that I should pay. She understood what I meant, though, and will pay me. I go to their office, which is smaller and not as nice looking. She gives me a $100 bill and an extra $20, a big sheet of stamps, and a little sheet of four stamps. Then she says something about not coming back here or to Lakeville with Morris (a moose), or Doris (a duck), or Boris (a bear). I think she is telling me not to ever come on Fishing Haven property again. But then she says that people have been leading the animals back here. I laugh, and say, "Okay, I won't". I tell them we're going out on Eagle Lake. Knowing there are no permits for the Big Resort Area, they ask if we're going to Lakeland National Forest. I make a quick recovery and say yes, which implies that we won't go off Eagle Lake into the Big Resort Area and that we aren't camping. One of the men in our group comes up behind me. I don't recognize him at first, but then I do and introduce him to Phoebe and Mike ad my cousin Darren King. They say they'll probably come check on us. I know this is to make sure that we don't go anywhere without a permit, and that they are being sticklers. I hate this about them, but don't say anything. I leave and walk out to the road through trees and on grass, like an apple orchard. My brother Wally is with me. We run back to the car at the Eagle public landing. I tell him the difference between Lakeland National Forest and the Big Resort Area, and what one needs permits for.