 I'm driving up a driveway to Fishing Haven with two people in my truck. My former employers Mike Hollow and Phoebe Mills were ahead of me in a different vehicle, but they must have turned off the road to go to their home. The driveway is long and has reeds covering it. We pull in and the place looks different. I see that the towboat dock has moved. A man I worked with, Tom Olson, tells me that they now get off work at 4:00pm all the time. I go in the store. There are new employees there. They seem tame: like mindless suckers. I go back to the office to get my mail. I think Phoebe is there. As I walk back, Mike comes in the front door and walks back towards the office. I ask him for my mail. He goes into the office to get it. He fakes tossing a yellow stringer in a package at me, then picks up a new leech locker. He says I really put Gene and Marie in a bad situation. By this he means that I really treated them badly. I don't know what he is talking about. He pulls out a small tape measure and measures the distance above the door to the office, wall to wall. I tell him I don't know what he's talking about, and that he should tell me what he means because I'm sure there's an explanation for it because I've never done anything wrong or bad to Gene and Marie. He says it's about a Mad River catalog. I understand him to be implying that I stole the catalog. Gene, Marie, Mike, and Phoebe all think I stole it. I go berserk! I didn't take the catalog. Phoebe says that maybe I "extendedly borrowed" the catalog, using a euphemism for theft. I tell them angrily and firmly that I didn't take their catalog and if they think I did they can kiss my ass! My former coworker Amy Rancher is there. She says, "Yeah, Kenneth... You're on a roll!" She is proud of me for saying what I thought. I'm not putting up with these people's crap. I tell them straight out that I didn't take anything, period! Mike runs his finger down a chart on the calendar, taking into consideration what I have just said, in order to determine what response he should make. He then reads what the chart indicates, and responds by saying "Good Lord" or some similarly shocked expression. I think he is an ignorant, stupid person. I don't like or respect him.