 I'm at a small party in an apartment on the east side of Wilmerton. My friends Tiny Combs, Gino Teavor, and others are there. People from Armstrong High School arrive. Some go down the hall to a different apartment, and some come in the apartment where I am. My high school classmates Olie Kecker, Brett Ball, and Arnie Heller walk in. They look down upon us because they think they're cooler than us: we are two different crowds. I greet Olie half-heartedly by saying, "What's happening?" Gino goes down to the other apartment. I don't want to be in these people's company so I leave quickly. I'm wearing socks but no shoes. I hurry down the stairs outside: I don't want anyone to know I'm leaving. I look for my truck, but can't see it at first. I'm not sure where I parked. I walk down the road to find it. There is a very pale woman with whitish blond hair who calls me over and tells me that back near or at the apartment there is a cat that got nailed down. I think I should go help it. I see my truck. I'm going to get my truck and go back to help the cat. The woman says she's going to go help the cat, so I run for my truck to leave so I'm not near the apartment. The woman runs after me. I stop and turn around. I'm confused, startled, nervous, and scared about why she is following me. I don't know why she would follow me. I realize I must be dreaming. I punch a yellow truck. Instead of my hand going through the truck, as I expected, it hits the truck. I tell the woman she is a part of my dream and ask her what she represents. She doesn't answer. She becomes a spirit: non-tangible but visible. I engulf her, consuming her, integrating her. I walk on and see my mom. I tell her she is in my dream and ask what part of the dream she represents. She doesn't answer. I engulf her, consuming her, as well. I see three women. We are on the hill of 1st Street just west of Slope Avenue in Oak Valley. I stalk them, taking my time, poised. I ask them what they represent in my dream. When they do not answer, I consume them.