 I'm at a racetrack with people. There is a race between small hair barrette-like objects. My object color is green. I win, and so does my friend Niles Zelling. We each get a check for $147.50 from a woman. I think we get a "trifecta", or the first three finishers correct. The woman says that we actually won $647.50, but since we didn't pay a damage deposit we don't get the other $500. I start to protest that she forgot to ask us to pay the damage deposit but she gets defensive and angrily stubborn. Then I understand that we aren't getting the rest of the money because we didn't pay a damage deposit: I didn't understand that at first. I'm going to a job interview. I walk by many Juicy Poultry Corporation semi truck trailers. I write "KMHanson" on some of them. I seem to be over on Cemetery Drive where Preppy Printers used to be in Oak Valley. I walk in a large warehouse. People are processing spinach. There are large square vats of spinach being thawed out. I walk, and think I am headed for a workshop-like room with tools and junk everywhere. Maybe I'll meet the man there. I am near Kentucky Fried Chicken, and then it seems I am in the Ace Hardware store. I call the man on the phone. My interview is at Kentucky Fried Chicken. The man asks me if I'm aware that we're scheduled to have a personal interview, not a phone interview. He is annoyed that I'm calling and am not there in person. He is a jerk. I'm on my way. I hear someone other than myself talking to him on the phone. The person says they are coming from Fishing Haven and will be there for the interview soon. The man just wants the person to be there, period. The person talking says they can leave their job early. This person is supposed to be me. The man gets mad when the person says that, because strict employment, jobs, and hours are important to him. I say to him on the phone that everyone has to decide sometime: has to make a choice. I'm walking out the back exit of Carter School talking on a red cordless phone as I say this. The phone belongs to Fishing Haven. I walk down the alley towards 2nd Street. I run and try to hide the phone. It seems that Fishing Haven is in Carter School and I don't want my former employers to see me with their phone. I will return it later. I walk and run through yards. I'm wearing blaze orange. I think and speak in terms of risks and benefits as I walk though yards, over fences, and by people. I seem to be going west, towards home. I think people will be able to see me from a long ways away because of my blaze orange.