 I'm at Armstrong High School taking some junior and senior classes, that I need to complete. I walk into a bathroom. Usually the men's room is on the right and the women's is on the left. I see my grade school secretary Angie Sacks go into the bathroom on the right, so I look above the doorway to see how they are labeled. I go into the men's room, which is on the left. There are showers with a wall obscuring the shower stalls. A hallway is visible. I seem to be at Brimson. Women are in the bathroom. My grade school classmate Annette Smith is defecating in a stall without a door. My classmate at Brimson Laura Robinson is urinating in a stall. I think that's odd sine she is a woman, but maybe she has a penis. I urinate in a stall. I wash my hands well afterward with soap and water. A person is putting a small ball of garbage in the trashcan. The ball has some red stuff on it, which I think may be menstrual blood, and I find that aversive. Angie Sacks and my brother's grade school classmate Shelly Jenson are in the bathroom. I walk out past the showers and get a glimpse of Shelly and my classmate Sarah Miller standing, drying off after a shower. I try to do a task separating two wife beater tank tops and something else, but I can't do it or I have trouble. I walk out of the bathroom. My grade school classmates Kari Otis and Misty Ryan walk towards me. Misty is telling Kari about some of her dreams. They are joking around, and we joke and playfully punch each other. Kari then punches Misty hard in the face, which is inconsistent with the playing that had been occurring: it was malicious! Misty is hurt, and taken back. Kari apologizes to Misty, but it is not a genuine apology. Kari is mad and was expressing real anger and aggression in that punch. My high school classmate Linus Doman is there. I say that Kari punching Misty hard would be like me punching Linus. I have a pair of glasses with lenses five or six inches in diameter. They are candy, and I try to eat them. The glasses are so big they'd be more easily eaten if they were in pieces. I go into a class on sex roles, which seems to have something to do with my economics professor Zoe Madden. I walk in and sit down behind my friend Matt Yams. People behind me try to bully me, and I ignore them. The male teacher is collecting books and blue papers. I don't have my work done. I didn't have the same work done at an earlier class period. I woman I recently met is in the class.