 I'm playing a game of baseball. I'm then playing a game of soccer with a Frisbee. My friend Niles Zelling is on my team. Several other people are there. Our team doesn't have enough players, so the other team has some of their players play for our team. There is a goal on each end of the field. After the first game we're supposed to play a second game. Niles questions whether this is a good idea because we have a basketball game later that day, and he thinks we'll have more Frisbee games later as well when our players show up, because we'll keep winning (as if it's a tournament). My high school classmate Buck Green shows up for out team's second game. We play. The other team kicks off. I receive the kick off, which is a football. I catch it in a fishing net after it bounces, and sloppily throw the net and ball to Niles, who is behind me, when the other team approaches. A tall red-haired man that I know from Brimson defends me, and I defend him. The other team then has the Frisbee. I hold the man, giving him cheap shots, the whole game. While I do this I ask him if there is a rule against holding, even though I know there is. He says there is a rule, but it's not called holding, rather _____ (I forget). When we get the Frisbee he defends me cleanly and very well. He is a very good player, much better than myself. The other team scores easily. It seems I am only on offense at the first kickoff, and then am on defense the whole time. They have the Frisbee on the sidelines for a throw-in. The player I'm guarding, who is my former roommate Sean Williams, rolls an entry pass instead of throwing the Frisbee to his teammate. The Frisbee rolls like a wheel. Sean and I both chase it. He is faster than I, and picks it up. I chase him. There is no one between him and the goal, but he is still a ways from the goal. He is going for the goal, and will probably make it. I dive when he throws the Frisbee, trying to deflect it with my outstretched arm. (I awaken with my right arm outstretched hitting the fan on my floor.)