 My friends Queen Billman and Marge Drummond are trying to unlock a bike with a stuck lock. One of them has a small red car there. They seem to be downtown Wilmerton outside Ciatti's on the sidewalk near the mall. I'm in a room with my friends Niles Zelling and Hilary Nano. We're trying to pry open a cabinet that is stuck closed. We fiddle with the key, and can't get it to fit exactly. We use a crow bar and have to position it nearly perfectly in the slot, but do and pry the door open. Beer is inside. We all say yum! We hug each other. Hilary is in the middle and Niles and I are on the outside in our 3-person hug. I pretend to have butt sex with Hilary. There is some sexual feeling in our interaction. There is a box of envelopes in the cabinet. Tim Zelling is there and takes a 12-pack of Miller Genuine Draft bottles out of the cabinet for him. There wouldn't be much left, and the owner would know that we took some, so I leave the rest there. We all walk down lofty stairs, which are built to one can see between the steps. My old roommate Jens Nils and his girlfriend Natasha Lens are walking down the stairs as well. They heard our "Ummm, beer" chant when we opened the cabinet. Many people now head back to the hall to hear music that has been playing there, and to take part in it. I'm in a crowd of students waiting to re-enter the building. We all sing, on cue, at appropriate times. The first line we sing is pretty clear for having so many people singing. The next cue is all jumbled and incoherent. People get in groups and do the hokey pokey. I wonder why they do it the way the do: holding their arms up, bent, touching one hand to the opposite elbow. My sister Ramona, my mom, and my friend Kevin Simpson are there. We're in a circle with others. Ramona does the hokey pokey in the middle and then comes over to me, which means it's my turn to go in the middle. I laugh at this because it's funny, but I also am hesitant to dance like this: I feel embarrassed and self-conscious. I fall down laughing, then slide on my back like Michael J. Fox's character Marty in the movie Back To The Future. No one really likes my dance. Kevin is next. He moves a stone on the floor with his head, and then kicks it to me. I kick it back. I don't want to dance again.