 I'm at a new job at which I perform the new kind of liposuction that I recently saw an infomercial for. I go into a small room with a man who is a client. He has light brown hair. I start liposuctioning his face and neck. I ask him if he's 40 yet, and he says he's 45. I have my hand on his stomach. He sweats a lot and his stomach gets slippery. The man is pretty strong and lean. He reminds me of my friend Hank Anderson's step father. I'm not using the liposuction tool. I realize this and look for it. I'm then in my underwear, and the man changes back into his clothes: he is done for the day. I am worried that I may get an erection. The man leaves and my female coworkers enter the room. They are jealous that I got to perform liposuction on my first day with no training. They all have to wait a while before than can do that. I play the whole thing down, and try to change the topic of conversation. Some Asian people walk by the opened door. They are dressed in karate guys. I lie on the table and stick out my belly, pretending that I need liposuction. My coworkers brush me off, sillily, saying I am foolish for thinking that, even though I'm joking around. Our manager, who is an Asian woman, comes in and catches us loafing around. She gets mad at us and punches everyone out on the time clock. I talk to her and ask her if we don't even get a break. I tell her law requires breaks! I don't have a time card, and I didn't punch in before work. I work with seven women my age. I am outside in the winter. I go look at a time clock on the side of a building. There is no time card for me. I take a card that is someone else's, and put I back. All the new time cards are inside the clock and I can't get at them. I walk away. Some men from Brimson walk by, including a man named Brad from my music class. I then see my brother Wally and classmate Melvin Dahlheimer. I hug Melvin, and then go up to Wally. Wally extends his hand, and I hug him, both joking and seriously. We're near Carter Church. I'm wearing my green parka. Wally, Melvin, and others are going to Mason Cafeteria to eat: they live on campus. I tell them they should stop by. I tell Wally to call and I'll tell him how to get to the Whitman house. I have forgotten my new green backpack at my liposuction job.