 I'm in a grade school classroom, which might be that of my old teacher Sherry Devine. My grade school classmate Eric Stoner makes fun of me, and says I am attracted to our classmate Misty Ryan. Misty offers me graham crackers. I say no. There is a transfer student, a girl with short dark hair that doesn't have to do with work because she knows the material already. The teacher is diagramming the trajectory-type path of a football on the board. The class is using algebra II and trigonometry to figure the distance traveled on the ground. I think this is very boring. I know how to figure it out. I fiddle with my watch, pressing buttons, trying to get it to work correctly and display the time. The transfer student has left the room. I leave: I don't need to be there. I am at home with my dad and his friend Josh Hemming. They joke about sexual things, and say something about whores swinging around above us in the air, and us hitting a "bush", which is a joke about somebody running into the pubic hair of one of these swinging women. Josh says something about having our photograph taken with my mom while we are naked. This appalls me. I run up the front driveway at home around the north side of the house to the back driveway. I meet my friend Yvette Ullman near the driveway. She and I are then in the kitchen. I kneel down, and am lower than her head. We kiss and lean back on the floor. She is very wary of our kiss. I want to have a sexual encounter with her! She is wary of going too far with me. I try to take off her pants to give her cunnilingus. She doesn't want this. I ask if her if she'll "kiss my penis", and she agrees to give me fellatio. She could die from giving me fellatio because she has TMJ in her jaw. She has braces. I touch her nipples under her shirt. She says out loud that she wonders if she'll regret not letting me give her cunnilingus. My dad is outside in the driveway with some men who have foreign accents. Some of them are wearing ski-type boots. My dad can see Yvette and I through the kitchen window. I try to act inconspicuous, so he can't tell we're getting it on. My brother Wally pulls into the driveway on his bicycle. He and my dad come in the back door. Yvette and I stop our sexual activity and try to look like we haven't been doing that when they enter. My dad knows what we were doing and he says, "Good work", jokingly, which indicates to me that he knows what was happening but doesn't care. I feel dumb. I'm in a farm-type area. There is a flash flood. I walk down by a slippery muddy riverbank and grab an extra pair of boots and socks. I bring them home. My sister Ramona is on the phone with my mom, who is mad that Ramona and I skipped school. Ramona hands me the phone through the front window. I take it. It's my dad on the other end. He tells me to give him a call. I want to talk now, but he won't and tells me to call him back in five minutes. He wants to talk about my sex with Yvette, because he saw it, and he didn't want to talk around the others. I walk around back of the house and go in the back door. There is a little black kid at the kitchen table. My aunt Sheila Redding and my mom are cooking in the kitchen, making cookies.