 I'm at a boat landing where many people are. I'm involved with others having something to do with drugs. A man drives his car into the water until it is two or three feet deep in order to get his boat and trailer on the dock. My roommate Norman Noman is there. He turns his back on others and I for money. His younger brother, who is black, also does this. They betray others and I. I'm quick to point my finger at Norman for what he's done. Something happens with a boat on shore that needs to be pulled up farther. A man is there dressed in light brown. He is an authority, able to punish or deal with Norman. I subdue Norman. I physically hold him, wrapping him up with my arms and legs, so that he can't get away. I obtain Norman's gun, which I put in my back pocket. He is passive. He fells that I'm overreacting and does nothing to try to get away. I get others to help me hunt down and subdue Norman's brother. We're in a very populated area, a big gathering which seems to be in a parking lot. The people there seem to be country folks: hicks. There's a group of teenage girls that think I'm gay. I know this because I have my arm around Norman. Others and I sneak around, trying to spot Norman's brother, who is at large. This whole time I have my arms and legs wrapped around Norman so he won't get away. I see his brother cross an opening and alert others to this. We all pursue him. He may have a hostage, who is my high school classmate Nelson Eastman. The brother has a gun. My classmates Tim Zelling and Sherman Andrews help me follow him. I haul Norman with me. He whines about money and drugs. I say to him that he can have all the marijuana and the money: it's not about that! He says, "Damn! I sold burgers for a buck!..." He is trying to get sympathy. All that he values is money: he just doesn't get it. Sherman finds Norman's brother on the roof of a building. Sherman tells me the brother has a gun, and he is crying, like he has given up. I yell for others to go get him, but I don't go myself. No one wants to confront his brother, so I go. I release Norman to Sherman, who will hold him. I remember I have his gun in my back pocket. I take it out. I feel powerful with the gun. I point it at the ledge above me where the roof is, as I climb a ladder up to the roof. I'm anxious, nervous, and scared when I climb. I realize I've been a hypocrite in telling others to go get him, not doing it myself.