 I'm playing poker at home in the kitchen with some guys from high school. Among them are Lyle Zeffman, Gino Teavor, Tony Kramer, Binky Ahmed, and Pat Mareck. Just as we are starting to play our classmate Daryl Yeller comes in. Daryl wants to sit at the end of the table. It is as if I am preventing him from doing this, even though I'm not sitting at the end. I'm sitting next to Lyle on a piano bench, which leaves only a couple inches between the bench and the table: not enough room for my legs. Lyle doesn't really want me to sit there: he doesn't like me. I think our classmate John Kulik may be there as well. There is great tension and mistrust among us because of the fear that one will cheat. We're not friends. It's a greedy atmosphere: everyone, including me, for themselves. To begin, I pull out a handful of chips from my pocket. I didn't pay for them. They are extra chips, but no one knows that so I take them as mine, cheating. The first hand is dealt, and all the cards are face up. The game is five-card stud. I get dealt a straight, and I pick up my cards like I would to play a regular hand. They guy before me bets one chip. I'm unsure about how this game is being played. I have six cards. There is a wildcard too, which changes with each player. In my case the wildcard is a five. I have three 6's, which I think is a pretty good five-card stud hand. If I can go out by using five of the six cards in my hand, I win, and get the pot. I lay down my 5's and 6's. I think I'll have five 6's and will blow everyone away. But I have only four 6's when I get them down, which is still an unreal hand, but I didn't use all five cards. I pick them back up, and everyone knows I have a good hand, once again (they saw the straight I was dealt initially). I manage to make a straight out of my hand by going Ace-6-2-3-4-5, where fives are wild. I know this isn't legal, but no one catches it. If I were to use the five as a two, then the six wouldn't match up after the four, and I would need to use six cards. I win. There is a feeling that I have betrayed all the guys. Lyle won't hand me the cards, even though it's my turn to deal. He puts them under the table. I criticize and yell at him for this. My mom offers to deal a round of hands for everyone, but the guys don't like this.