 I'm in a place where there are many high-class model or sorority women all made up with make up, etc. I'm sitting reading a magazine advertisement, which is a single page. I flip the page over, again and again, and keep reading different advertisements. A short woman with chin length dark straight hair comes up to me. She says something indicating she thinks I'm very sexy. She pulls out a cigarette and asks me for a light. I say I don't smoke, implying that I don't have a light. She says something indicating she thinks it's not cool that I don't smoke. She asks me if I'm allergic to smoke. My nose is stuffed up and running. I wipe my nose and blow my nose a lot, which I think is not cool since there is a physically attractive woman right next to me who is interested in me. I say I might be allergic to smoke but I don't know: I've never been to a doctor for it. I pause before indicating that I haven't gone to a doctor specifically for a smoke allergy. Because I pause, she understands or thinks I'm saying that I've never been to a doctor in my life, period! My friend Norman Noman is there. He thinks that this woman is cute. She asks if anyone wants a glass of water. I say that I'd love one. I think of chewing gum because I haven't brushed my teeth yet today. I kiss the woman. I pull down her pants have sex with her from behind as she bends over. I ejaculate quickly. Then I'm standing on the side of her and I rub her clitoris with my finger. She is then on her back with her legs up and we have sex. When I feel that I'm going to ejaculate I pull my penis out and put it up near her mouth. She gives me fellatio briefly, and I ejaculate into her mouth. She clears her throat loudly and spits the semen out. She isn't tactful and is clearly there just for the sex. When I ejaculated the second time I felt a strong need to urinate, and I may have urinated a small amount immediately following the ejaculation. After I ejaculate I put my penis, which is still erect, back in her vagina and continue thrusting.