 I'm in my front yard at home. It's Christmas time, and may be Christmas Eve. It's dark. There is about six inches of fresh powdery snow on the ground. I'm not wearing a shirt. I may be going skiing later tonight. I have pimples on my body, which may be on my right half on my back and hip. I look at or see photographs of when I was younger. There are many photographs of me with fish, when I'm fishing. There are photographs of me playing in the snow when I was little, and riding a bicycle on the front sidewalk in six inches of fresh snow without a shirt on. I fell in the snow. It is very calm, still, and peaceful outside. I hear a car coming up the hill on Home Avenue. I walk up onto the porch to get out of view. One the porch I look at tracings or carvings in the snow, almost as if I'm paging though a big book, four feet tall and wide, and on each page is a fresh six-inch layer of snow with something traced into it. I go inside. A man and a woman are on the sidewalk arguing. I try to close the front door, which swings like it's a 270-degree angle-swinging door. The door won't latch. I try to adjust it and shove it closed. The man and the woman, who is his girlfriend, continue to argue. He is forceful, belligerent, and seems to be an abusive man. He batters her. They come into our yard, around back of the house. I get on the phone. It rings where my mom was; my mom is now at church. My aunts Willow and Sherry Redding are at the place where the phone is ringing. One of them picks it up. I'm going to hang up because I didn't intend to call them. But I don't hang up because they may know it is I calling, or I don't want to alarm them. I quickly tell them the problem of the people arguing in our yard, and tell them I'm going to call 911. I run back and lock the old wood back door. It has two locks. The couple argues near the door. My sister Ramona wakes up. I see her scurry across the back yard in fear. I turn the light to the back yard on. Ramona comes into the garage from the outside door. The huge wooden garage door is on the east side of the garage. I try to lock the inside garage door that leads into the kitchen after I take all the keys that are hanging in the garage. The woman who was arguing doesn't want me to call the police, which I am about to do as soon as I get the inside garage door locked. She comes towards me; she is outside the big wooden garage door. She tells me not to call the police, and she says my name. It's tough to get the inside door locked. I pull it tight, slamming it, and it locks. Ramona is ready to go. I run upstairs with the cordless phone, call 911, and grab my boots. A man answers. I tell him people are in our yard fighting, and they're going to the Nodes Of Ranvier. He says calmly that he's dispatching the police now.