 I'm attending an Honor Society meeting in a church. I'm there alone, outside a room. I feel hesitant, like a dork, since I'm there alone. I go in. There are many young people there. My grade school classmate Gino Teavor is there sitting next to our other classmate Eric Stoner. My junior high classmate Tara Gosling is there. There is food and Grain Belt Premium Beer. People are all sitting around on the floor and on chairs. The Premium looks to be gone. I find a bottle of it. I open the bottle and it starts to foam over, so I suck the foam up. I can't suck all the foam, and some overflows onto a white plastic bag. Two younger men are hiding beers in their pockets. I scold them: there is not enough to go around. They seem immature and overly ambitious to drink. I sit on the floor in front of the chairs. My friends from Brimson Emerald Reinhold, Holly Lapson, and Terry Foss walk by. I say hi to them, with my usual degree of discomfort in their presence. The meeting starts. The president of the Honor Society is a nutty man! He is a physically small man with long straight brown hair. He tells bad jokes. He talks bout hanging black hair. Three black men who are in the audience mock the president for what he says, as if he knows nothing. The president says something about black hair being a mole's vagina. There is a white woman with blond hair in the back of the room. I know she is there. She is a leader of some sort: someone with power. I try to look mature when she can see me. I don't want to seem immature in front of her. I have lost my beer. It may be somewhere but I can't find it, or I decide which one it is from the others on the table. A couple of people run up to the front of the room with beer. As they hold a box, a tear it open and grab a beer. It is a big can of Heineken. I crack it open and drink a lot, though I don't slam it. There is an Asian man there who wants me to share my beer with him. I let out a loud cheer for the beer, and feel immature for doing so.