 My former coworkers Amy Rancher and Jenny, and a sibling of theirs (they seem to be sisters) are flying back to Hawaii, which may be where they're from. Their father is going too, but he isn't present. It's early morning in the winter, and is dark out, about 2:00 or 3:00am. I drive in my mom's car with Amy and their siblings as if we are getting ready to go to the airport. I drive by the Baseball Pub and then go home. Jenny is not out of bed. She is at a different house than mine. I was supposed to get her but she wasn't awake. They're not leaving yet: not flying out for a day or two. Their father is not with us. I'm at home talking to my mom about arrangements for getting them to the airport. I say to her that I should go and get Jenny, who seems to be in an apartment over by Smith School. This is so she is with us in case they need to leave for Hawaii in a hurry. My mom agrees. I suggest that they all stay at our house tonight, and she again agrees. My motive, which undermines these suggestions, is to have a sexual encounter with Amy. I think Jenny and the siblings can sleep in the living room, head to toe in a square shape, but I want Amy to sleep in my room. She stayed in my room the night before. Their father is there. He has a white and gray beard that is neatly trimmed. He is about 5'8", and is a sturdy man. Someone is giving dance lessons. This man, my mom, and a small boy are dancing in the kitchen at home. I'm in my Religions In America class. Amy and Jenny are in the class, and are black. The teacher doesn't like them talking, and she reprimands them. Class gets out early. I stay after to talk with the teacher: I am unhappy with her. She is having her photograph taken posing with some items. My friends Fran Susse and Anna Woods are there. It may be the spring semester of 1998, after I have gotten back from my study abroad and Fran is back from her semester off. They ask for my phone number. I give it to them, and say it's the only one they'll ever need. I realize how pretentious that sounds, even though I was just joking. <br/