 I leave home abruptly. I've had an argument with my mom and am mad at her. I'm in a place that seems to be near my friends the Puffy's house in Oak Valley. They are serving spaghetti or pizza there. My classmate from Brimson Leslie Shell, my former boss Mike Hollow, and my coworker Carol Flanders are there. Carol tries to get me to stay. I get mad and belligerent and punch people. I throw Carol aside and leave. I either didn't get any food or did get food and didn't want it. I'm outside the building, and it is snowing: a blizzard. I think Mike may follow me and bring me back, so I run away. I have my long striped hat with me and I think my green coat. Two older men are jogging out in the snow. They may be wearing shorts or tee shirts: they are under-dressed. I worry about Mike recognizing me. There are six to eight inches of fresh snow, and it's accumulating fast. I walk towards the lumber store. The snow is drifting. A vehicle approaches going fast in the deep snow. I get out of the way. I don't know if the driver sees me. If the driver didn't and then suddenly did, they might hit the brakes and skid, hitting me. Another vehicle approaches from the south from the other side of the railroad tracks. I walk in snow four or five feet deep, engulfed in snow. I hope the vehicle goes by and doesn't recognize me. I think of walking down by the railroad tracks but I don't want to go. I get by the intersection of Home Avenue and Main Street. There is much less snow there, but it is still snowing hard. As I walk, I remember I had a dream, and I interpret it as I walk. It has manifest symbols of death and garbage. In interpret it to be about me changing. I make some sense out of it: make some good connections. I walk home though the alley. The snow is gone, and the ground is saturated, sloppy wet. I walk in the back door at home. Mom and my sister Ramona are baking cookies. My brother Wally is staying at the Holiday Inn for one night and then leaving town. Ramona reprimands me a bit sarcastically. She tells me that I look like a little boy. I say to her that, "I can do anything I want". My mom is not in the kitchen. I haven't seen her yet. I'm nervous about seeing her because I'm not sure how she'll react to seeing me. It's 8:44pm and is still light outside. It is all wet out.