I'm driving a car or VW bus. I am alone. There is some kind of car trouble, and I say something like "Darn it!" A man suddenly sits up from the backseat. He has white powder on his face (like Amazon Warrior on TV or comedy thing where a guy gets hit in face with make up pillow). I am scared. Is he going to hurt me? He pulls out a knife and shows me the blade. He doesn't threaten me, just implies I'll get cut if I don't cooperate. I drive on. Now my car swerves. "Oh, no," I say, He asks what's wrong. "The tires are going bad" I say. "Slow down," he says. I pull over to the side of the road. He gets out. There's a man and a woman in the front seat with us now. The woman goes with the knife guy. He tells me to stay in the car and get some rest. I lay down in the back seat. Apparently I'd been up driving for hours and he needs me to be alert to drive. So I lay down, aware of this other blonde, crew-cut man still in front seat. He gets out and walks around the car to the open back seat at my feet. I'm in trouble and I know it. He crawls in and on top of me. Rape. I started yelling, "Help me. help me." He's trying to put his hand over my mouth. I struggle and bite. Two people who are sitting ahead of the car on the side of the road come towards us to help. The man gets off me and goes out into a cow field and starts shooting people at random. First he has a pistol and then a double-barreled 12 gauge shotgun. I am appalled. He's coming back to me to kill me. He shoots a woman in the belly. He aims the gun for me. People mill around. A man is seated in the back seat where I am. The killer comes to the back window and looks in. He has a flame thrower and is trying to light it. The man in the seat with me picks up a huge lighter and flames it and points it back at the killer's mouth. Somehow the killer swallowed a grenade or bullet in his attempt to load the flame thrower and so this flame, on the inside of the window glass, is supposed to heat him up so he'll explode. The flame catches around his mouth. A Native American woman like Theresa stands next to him and I violently motion to her to get away. I didn't want her killed in the explosion and I hoped the killer doesn't understand my gestures. He's taking a long time to explode and he gets his flame thrower pointed at me. Once I got out of car, but he came around and I got back in. The flames hit the inside of the elbow (crook of arm) and I feel burning pain. We are waiting and hoping he'll explode.