 My classmates Becky Happs and a woman from my Consciousness Seminar named Linda are staying at my house. Becky is my classmate Virginia Hamms. She goes down to the car and waits for Linda and I to come out. Linda wants to get ready and take a shower before we go. I direct her to the attic upstairs, which is where the attic is. I think very sexual thoughts about Linda. She arranges the space in the attic for a shower. She and I are then near the kitchen sink. I'm standing behind her with my arms around her. I tell her I'm attracted to her. I put my hands on her stomach and lick her ear. She says we could be intimate. I go to the bathroom to defecate and tell her I'll come up to the shower later (so we can have sex). I go the bathroom and the door won't close. Finally I get it to close. I have to defecate very urgently, and some feces leak out of my butt before I get to the toilet, and drop in two pieces on the floor. I pick them up and put them in the toilet and scrub the floor. I hear a yell outside and go out to see what's going on. I hurriedly open the door and see that Virginia is mad that she has been waiting. I'm annoyed because that isn't important to me, and I would like to defecate in peace. I go back to the bathroom. The toilet is about to overflow. I turn off the water and am going to plunge the toilet. I'm on campus at Brimson. I see people. Everyone knows something I don't know. I talk to Linda. She tells me Virginia was so mad at us! It turns out that Linda was having sex with my family's friend Mike Bautsch, when Virginia came in with Mike's son Jeff Bautsch. Virginia was also having sex with Mike on occasion, which means she was cheated on! She was really mad! I walk with Linda, who is then white and has blond hair. Then Linda is Becky. I tell her I would still have sex with her. She replies that she wouldn't have sex with me, but starts to talk as if she knows someone who would. I tell her I won't do that. I walk by a man I work with at Brimson named Josh Trodden, who asks me why I wouldn't have sex with this other person. I keep walking and don't reply. I walk through a gate at a place that is like a bus depot. There is confusion about which is the entrance and which is the exit.