 I'm in a sparsely vegetated desert-like cliff area. I have photographs in my wallet of me showing kids around (in Australia?). I show the photographs to my sister Ramona. There is a brick or stone wall or cliff in the photographs. A man looks on as I show them to Ramona. There is a rumbling noise that gets louder. We're near the bottom of a cliff. I know the noise is a rockslide. I wonder if I should run towards the very base of the cliff so that the rocks will tumble over my head, or if I should run away from the bottom of the cliff, trying to outrun the rocks as they roll off the edge of the cliff. I run away from the cliff out onto a flat area. I look back up at the top of the cliff and see rocks tumble off it and hit the ground below. People and vehicles with people in them are fleeing and get corned between the oncoming rocks and the cliff. The people fall or get pushed off the cliff. Vehicles are smashed into and pushed off the cliff by other vehicles and rocks. They tumble down the cliff and explode. It is a tragedy. I feel sad. The people that are with me at the bottom of the cliff have run away safely. We walk in a group, saddened by the loss of lives. We are in Australia at an airport that is near the cliff. There is snow on the ground and we trudge through it, consoling each other. A plane with words written on it arrives, maybe to help. There is a train tunnel that has a bomb in it. Bomb detectors arrive, maybe on a plane. A woman and a small yellow box-like organism are two bomb detectors. They go in the tunnel. A bomb explodes and they "die", but aren't really dead. The box and the woman have sex and regenerate themselves. The woman seems mechanical. A very attractive naked man and woman come out of the tunnel. They are bomb detectors that have defused the bomb. I have sex with a woman, and it seems I'm in the tunnel. She squirms and wiggles to the point of an ecstatic orgasm. I'm receiving fellatio, first by a woman, and then by a man. There is white stuff that may be semen, on his mouth and face. It's messy. I position my body so that I have the best angle to penetrate his throat. He tilts his head back.