 I'm walking to a party with my coworker Leon Mack, who plays basketball, another male basketball player, and two women. The women are attracted to and court Leon because he plays basketball. I think, and almost say, that I used to play basketball. We talk about jobs. There is a job in Powerton, which is 50 minutes drive one-way. It pays $30,000 every two weeks, or every two pay periods. I talk with the other man, who has light brown hair and is a year or two younger than I. He says something to me about my roommates and I passing the Whitman house down to someone else in five years. I tell him it will be in four years, and I hint at the possibility of passing it down to him, which would make me seem "cool" because he is "cool". We arrive at a party at my professor Marianne Stash's house. She is operating the barbeque and asks if I want something. I say I'll have one. She's cooking burger and bratwurst. The house seems to be located by the Uptown Mall in Oak Valley on a street just to the west of the mall. I get a plate. I see a person dip their plate into a frying pan filled with potato chips that are being heated up. I can't get any chips by dipping my plate so I grab a handful and put them on my plate. I grab some onion slices too. I see my family. I go up to them and hug them two at a time. My mom, sisters Heather and Ramona, and brother Wally are all there. My aunt Willow Redding is there, as well as my aunt and uncle Sheila and Rusty Redding and their kids Melvin, Rich, and Melissa. We all sit down at a picnic table and eat. It seems at first that the Redding's are the Ryan family. The Ryan's have brought fresh cucumbers, long and red tomatoes, and onions. I make a burger and put onion on it. Then I squeeze out the inside of an onion onto the burger, like the onion is squeezable jelly. It may be a rotten onion. Melvin has gotten something removed from his neck and he says something like, "How could I have ever known it was there with my head?!" We are eating in a porch-like area that is enclosed in glass. I see my friend Bubba Hacker and his sister Roberta arrive. They get something to eat. They are wearing matching cowboy-like outfits with sheathed knives on their belts. I knock on the window to get their attention, but they don't hear me. I go over to see Bubba. I walk in the Uptown mall parking lot, going from the north/northwest corner by the photography studio to the west side of the north lot, past the break in the wood fence where the bicycle path comes in. I yell "Sluuu" to Bubba. He is at a picnic table with others. I walk up and my high school classmates Jack Miller and John Glint. I greet them and we shake hands. Jack is still playing football. I tell them all I just came over to say hi, and I'll come back when I'm finished eating. I walk back and am in a casino-type area. I pick up quarters off a pink carpet. I keep seeing more quarters, and pick them up. People around me aren't picking them up. A woman who works at the casino comes up to me and says that the quarters aren't real and are for graduates only. She comes with a tray to take all the coins back that I've picked up. I clandestinely dump out a partial handful by my right shoe so that she may not see them and I'll get to keep them. I dump the rest in her tray. She tells me there are only three real quarters that she has added to all these coins, the rest are not real. I'm belligerent, and I go right up next to her face. She is a small woman. I use my size to my advantage. She deals with me, briefly explaining, and I go away saying that she has no sense of humor. I walk in an office area back to the place where my family was eating. I go into a room where they are. The casino woman is working right next door in an adjacent room. She says I don't have a sense of humor. I brush her off, but I know she is right. I was mean when I acted belligerent over the coins. The Redding's have left. My mom is there with some of my siblings.