 I'm with my friend Hilary Nano and one or two men. I know later that one of the men is my friend Nat Miller and the other man's identity is unclear. A woman is in the place where we are. There is something wrong with her: she is disturbed or upset. She is upstairs. Nat and I think it would be a good idea to give this woman drugs to calm her down. There is a small dental floss-like container of aspirin that we could use. It is on a shelf with other items. Nat grabs a big bottle of aspirin. I tell him not to open it because I've got a big bottle back in my room that's already opened. But he has already opened it and broke the seal. I go back to my room to get the aspirin. I want to flirt with Hilary, and possibly have a sexual encounter: I'm horny. It looks as if she could be under my blankets, but I pull them away to see that she is not. She is in the next bedroom under the blankets. I want to have sex with her. We flirt. I go back to Nat. The woman is still upstairs. We fill a small pink or purple plastic egg with aspirin to give to the woman. I think to myself that I wouldn't have a sexual encounter with Hilary when she was seeing my housemate Stephen Ramos. The woman starts to come down the stairs. We hear her and hide. I go into the next room. There are two mirrors positioned so that I can see the bottom of the stairs from behind the wall. I think, then, that if I can see her using the mirrors she'll be able to see me. I move, and as I do the woman walks across a different room, adjacent to the one I'm in. She sees me as I try to hide, so I come out and go into the kitchen where she is. She is wearing a bathrobe. She is very beautiful. She has short dark hair. She is fairly short, about 5'6", and looks a bit like my high school classmate Rachel Hardy, but is much cuter. It seems that I know her somewhat. I pick her up and lay her down on top of the table, opening her robe. She has very nice breasts. We talk very briefly. I understand that she is 22 years old, and has a 12 year-old daughter. It seems that she had a sexual encounter with a man, who I imagine to be a large, tall red neck: a jerk who mistreats women, and has mistreated her. She is very beautiful, with clear, clean, soft, supple skin. I'm very attracted to her. We start to have a sexual encounter. I start to give her cunnilingus. She mocks me subtly, saying I'm not doing a good job: that I don't hit the clitoris. I lick and rub her clitoris area, but don't find the clitoris. She is experienced with sex, and just wants a good, hard, satisfying fuck. She isn't beautiful or graceful like the woman I put on the table, but still, they are the same woman. I rub her g-spot with one, then two fingers. I think of putting three fingers in, but don't. I do this with considerable pressure. She starts to orgasm. She moves my fingers to where her clitoris is, and I can feel it with my tongue: a little ball of rough, raised, firm flesh. I keep licking her clitoris and rubbing her vagina. I awaken and open my eyes for a fraction of a second, and then close them and remain in a dream. [I'm not sure if this happens in the dream or in real life.] I know I'm on a single mattress on the floor of my room dreaming of having sex. I want to ejaculate. I keep licking and rubbing her, and am thrusting my pelvis. She comes close to orgasm, as do I. I don't ejaculate.