 I'm at a stoplight, driving my friend Bubba Hacker's car, the Nova. I'm fooling around in the car, and I look over and see my friend from high school Mya Rousing in the car next to me. We signal each other to pull over. We seem to be on the road in Wilmerton near the livestock auction station and the small fire station. The light turns green and we drive. I bump or shift the Nova into second gear. The engine squeals and grinds. I shift back into drive, and the engine still squeals a bit. We pull off the road and onto a frontage road; Mya drives first. I think that she's beaten me by turning first, and no one beats me! She pulls into a parking space in front of a building. I pull in very close to her vehicle, so I can hardly open the door. I then move the car so there is more space between our vehicles. She is driving a mini van. We get out and go around back of the car. We exchange a big hug, and I pick her up off the ground while we hug. She weights a lot. It's not that she is fat by any means; she is just big. We fall on the ground. I'm feeling very sexual. I tell her that she really looks great, and that she is so beautiful. She has some scars on her face: red spots from acne. I hug and kiss her on the ground. We kiss. It's not that I'm attracted to her, per se, but rather that I'm horny, she's there, and she is fairly attractive. She rubs my penis and I put my hand down her pants. Her crotch feels very skinny, like there isn't a lot of flesh in her lower abdomen or thighs. Her vagina is like a big hole, that is about one and a half inches in diameter, with all the flesh in her crotch stretched very tight to her skeleton: she is very skinny. We're going to have sex. I want to go behind the building and have sex in the grass. The building we're next to is her dentist. She has to go to the dentist's office. She suggests we go in and have sex in the bathroom, and then have sex outside later. I say that good because I'll only last two minutes the first time anyways! Mya is naked, and I'm really aroused: I want to have sex! We go inside the office. There are several female receptionists at the desk. Mya isn't there: she may have gone back to her appointment. I introduce myself to the receptionists. They know who I am because they know my mom, Natalie Redding. I'm sitting down when one of the women dials up a radio show and hands the phone to me to make a song request. I take the phone, feeling flustered, and a female radio show host is on the line. I start to say the name of the office I'm calling from, and the women I'm with cue me in on the name of the place. But the host already knows from where I'm calling. She plays a recording of the name of the office that we're at over the phone for me to hear. I ask her to play Saturday Night Fever, and she says maybe I should listen to that by myself! So then I suggest Billie Jean. She says she won't play that either. I tell her that those are the only two songs I would want to hear, and I hang up. I'm sitting around with the women, and they tell me that I'm responsible for looking after these two small blond-haired boys that are running around by us. I don't know what that entails. I know that the boys don't like to be left alone. There are two men there in their late 20's. It seems they are having a barbeque. They are the fathers of the two boys, and are rednecks. They aren't paying much attention to the boys. I try to keep track of the boys while they run around.