I'm at a LT event - probably WOW - a resort, somewhere a place out in the woods, anyway. I've been in a room with some old people and we've gone down to a room where another thing is going on (this is very disjointed). Not everybody who's attending is in this room - this is not a set part of the program, precisely; it's not like anything we normally do. There is someone leading; it's night, probably quite late, and there may be 30 or 50 people in here (I'm not sure - maybe not that many, but there's a lot). Something is finished, which is the reason that not everybody is together, and the guy who's leading decides to try something - it's a kind of meditation, we're going to lie down on these benches that are here, and do something; I did not quite get that at first and so I'm standing up, doing something, talking to somebody, for a bit while everybody else is rearranging themselves. Then when I see that they're all lying down, it turns out that there isn't room for me on any of the benches that are here. I go into another room to find something. I kinda thought there was a bench of this sort in the room I just came from. We go down there and somebody's there - it's not precisely a bedroom, but there is a bed in here, and somebody is there talking on the phone, I think - I look around, look beside the bed and the wall and don't find the bench that I thought was there - I think somebody's already thought to get it and take it down there. Come back down the hall, and I go into the room that's opposite the one where everybody else is, and poke around there. There's a number of kinds of things in here, and one of them looks as though, if you folded it right, it might be a bench that you could lie on. It's kind of like water skis or something - it's definitely sports equipment. The pieces are narrow, long, have markings on them like sports equipment does, stripes, numbers, etc. They're attached end to end and there's some hinges, like you could fold the things some way or other. I fool with it for a bit and get it to stand up, the way a bench would, and discover that the hinges are the wrong way to do this - or at least I haven't figured out how it is - so it won't stand up if you were to try to lie on it. I go back into the other room, then, to see what I can do - maybe just lie down on the floor.