 I'm near an ice hockey-like rink. A boy falls and is hurt. I go and help him. I go over to him and see if he is okay. I think he has sprained his ankle, and I have him elevate it. His father drives around the rink area in a station wagon. He pulls up near us. I tell him what is wrong with his son, telling him it's just a sprain, and it will be okay. I help the boy over to the car. When we get there my high school classmate Nicole Peterson gets out of the car! I am surprised and happy to see her. We talk briefly and I offer her a ride home since the man and boy are leaving. She accepts. I offer her a ride because she's my friend and I haven't seen her in a while, but also because I'm attracted to her. We walk to my truck, which is parked on the curved turn-off lane from where Roundabout Way and the Thru Highway intersect, going towards Yardville. We get in and I start the truck. Nicole climbs in the passenger side window. I notice she is fat. I try to shift into first gear and the transmission doesn't seem to grab. I go very slow, as if I'm in third gear going five miles per hour, and the engine sputters and chokes. I pull out onto the highway in front of a lot of fast moving traffic. I'm going much slower than the traffic. I try to speed up but am still going slow. There is a clicking and knocking sound coming from the engine. I go slow, and then stop on the side of the road. Something is wrong. I look to see what it is. There is a branch dragging from the left rear tire. The right rear tire has some hose or metal pipe-like structure attached to it, extending out from the truck. The tire is torn and ripped to shreds: way past the bald stage, exposing what the tire is made of. I see that the tire is flat. All the tires are flat. The front of the truck slants down, at an angle. Nicole has to be at a wedding at 8:30, and it's 7:52 now! I think of my options. I could run back to my dad's house and have him give us a ride to Nicole's house, or we could just walk on to her house. We're pulled off to the side of the road just south of the bridge. I talk and flirt with Nicole. I tell her I would want a date with her tonight. She says she would want a date with me too. In saying that I expose my long withheld feelings of attraction towards her. I'm going to back the truck up so it's way off the shoulder of the road. I put it in reverse but there isn't enough power to back up. The truck rolls forward and I try to ease off the clutch and let reverse kick in, but it doesn't. There are some white trash beer-drinking men on the side of the road. I feel protective of Nicole, from them. I want to back up, so I try to stop and brake, and then back up. I step as hard as I can on the brake pedal but I keep rolling. So I put the truck in first gear and pull out into the ditch-type median, to get back to where I was. I'm driving on the rims. The traffic is going fast both ways.