 My friend Kevin Simpson or my housemate Jack Thigpen drives me home to Oak Valley. He pulls up on the stretch of boulevard that lies between my neighbors the Robbins' and the Christianson's houses, on Next Ave. We are returning from the Big Resort Area. We're on the grass of what seems to be somewhere near by, maybe the Otis' house on the southeast corner of 2nd Street and Next Avenue. We're packing up our stuff: a pack and a tent or tarp. We do this packing secretly. A police car is coming. We hurry with our packing. As the male police officer pulls up we are putting our stuff in a bag. He asks us some questions, and we respond. He doesn't have any idea what we are doing. He has blue tarp. There is a game of throwing marbles or tiny balls at a pillar or target circle. The officer wants to try this. I've been good at this in the past, but I throw once and miss by a lot. I'm in recreation room. My sister Ramona is throwing a marble at a square support pillar in the room. The marble bounces back to her. She does this repeatedly. It doesn't appear that she'll make a mistake any time soon. I want to try this. I'm in a room watching a pornographic video. My dad and sister Heather are there. There is a woman hooked up to a washing machine in the video. He legs are bound and something is putting pressure on her vagina. The machine bends and stretches her, putting pressure on and squeezing her legs and body. This is erotic. We seem to take turns masturbating, sitting or laying on some sort of trunk or box. The lady in the video is being tortured. Baseball is on television. Someone hit a foul ball. There are several bunk beds in the room. Joe Girardi is up to bat, and he hits a home run. I ejaculate when he does this. My high school classmate Binky Ahmed asks me why the Minnesota Twins didn't win the World Series. It seems that we've been watching the 1987 National League Championship Series. I say, and he says, that it's the little things that count: like the turning of a double play or having people on the disabled list.