 I'm traveling on an L-train with my classmate Fred Potter, my classmate Matt, and others. They all live above the Red Rooster Shop. I see the building they live in. It is small and may have a glass front like the Rax Restaurant in Wilmerton had. There is a gathering at our Whitman house. A window breaks because Fred throws a brick through it. I walk out on the roof to fix the window. There is a large open space with lawn chairs, and a very steep part of the roof that forms a "V", in which there is a completely rusted old 10-speed bicycle. I think this is why my housemates Stephen and Norman wanted the large rooms: they get their own patio, one out back and one out front. I'm downstairs. Someone tells me two men have showed up and want to speak with the people who live in the house. I walk over to the two men as they start to walk down a set of stairs, and I say to them, "Can I help you guys?" They come up to me and I go with them into the kitchen. They are in their mid-twenties, have accents and darker skin: they seem like Latino men. They tell me that they want their PINE, which has been thrown into a garbage can, and they want it back. I'm a bit confused. I think they're talking about a small green tree. Then I realize PINE is a computer program that they copied without permission, and it's on a disk. They will use force to get it if we don't provide it: they'll beat us up. We start looking for the disk, though I know we don't have it. My friends Holly Lapson, Jill Banks, and others are there at a table. They know of our plight: that we are in trouble if we don't come up with the disk, and that we don't have it! I ask them, knowing full well the answer, if they have the disk or know where it is. I do this to stall, and keep from getting beaten up. Norman gets on the phone to call for help. One of the men realizes what he is doing, and picks up the other phone to listen to Norman talk, while he tells the other man to turn up the music so Norman won't hear him listening. I run up to my room and grab the wooden baseball bat I have there, and find a second bat, which I toss to Norman. We'll use these to beat the men and protect ourselves. One man is on the phone in Stephen's room. I push the door partially open and swing the bat at his head. I miss. This doesn't faze me: I'll get him.