 I'm in a room with a table. My housemate Stephen Ramos and I leave and walk down a hallway. I realize that I've left my keys on the table. Stephen is being a jerk. I go back to get the keys. I get one key from a man who is near the table. That key has a green top (the part that one holds). The man tells me that my classmate Arlete has the rest of my keys. I'm in a dorm room. He points me in the general direction of her room. I look for her room, but don't know which one it is and can't find it. I knock at a room where the door is partially open and I walk in a bit. There are several women in the room that tell me that Arlete has moved out. The room is larger then: it seems like a quad room in Wonkers hall. It has bunk beds, desks, clothes, and makeup all over. There are five or six women there that are in their first year in college. One woman is in front of me. She pulls up and takes off her red sundress. She is naked underneath it, and has a very attractive body. I quickly say, "Pardon me!" and turn away, so as not to look at her. A tall blond women wearing moderately heavy makeup says to me, "Do you want to fuck her?" and indicates the naked woman. I say no, and I act surprised. I'm most surprised that the blond woman asked such a forward question. After the initial surprise, I would have had sex with the naked woman. The idea didn't cross my mind until the blond woman suggested it. All of the women in the room are very horny. One of them says my name when talking to me. I ask her how she knows my name, because we've never met. She says, "I am a woman...(I forget the exact wording, but it involves the word 'cotton', the idea of maxi pads and menstruation, and the idea of getting her sexual and reproductive needs satisfied by being on the lookout for men). This is how she knows who I am: I'm a potential sexual partner. I take this to mean she has an interest in me, because she knows something about me. I ask all the women if one of them could lend me a door key for the dorms. Six or seven women scramble to get me a key! I really enjoy the attention and admiration, but I play it down and try to act "mature". I leave, and a shorter woman follows me. She has a big crush on me. I'm near the door and there are stairs behind me. I push the woman away from me, down the stairs, and then I grab her arm at the last minute before she hits the steps and let her down easy. She seems to be hopelessly infatuated with me. I ask her name, and she says, "Europe". I say, "That's a pretty name." I walk out on campus. I needed a door key to get back in the dorm. I am walking by a big psychology barbeque. Many bratwursts are being cooked. I wander over to it carrying a box of potato chips. My high school classmates Gino Teavor and Binky Ahmed are at the barbeque. I talk to them about a poker game. My mom is there. I talk to her about where to sit. She tells me there is a table with a small red cooler at hit over in the corner. This is where I should sit because the person with that cooler is with me, in my group. My dead friend Mark Long is there, with a small red cooler as well. He seems very happy and free, and is having a good time. The group of first-year women is there. I don't want to be too forward with them, but I do desire their attention and affection.