 I'm driving in my truck with my friend Amy Rancher. We're going east on 3rd Street in Oak Valley. We go past Jefferson School. I want to stop to pick up a baseball at the baseball diamond there. The Brimson men's baseball team is practicing there so I don't stop. I recognize my classmate Cory Sader among the players. We continue to drive to the Milk Stop. Someone who may be my old coworker Tom Olson drives by in a light blue truck. Both Amy and I are thirsty. We stop at the Milk Stop and go in to get something to drink. I have two $1 bills. I get a big bottle of Dr. Pepper and put it on the counter, which his facing out from the north side of the building. My former employers Mike Hollow and Phoebe Mills own the Milk Stop. They both walk up by the counter. I pay for the soda, and Phoebe says, "Thanks, son." I am repulsed by her caustic words. I don't say anything, and turn to leave. Mike says to me, "Looks like you've got 20,000 miles on those shorts there. How often do you wear them?" He says this in a condescending manner. I look down at the light tan khaki colored shorts that I wore a lot when I worked for them at Fishing Haven. They are dirty and stained. I reply, "Pretty much every day in the summer, but does it matter?" I then say to Phoebe, "I'm not your son, and I never will be!" Amy, I, and a woman walk out of the store. Phoebe follows us out, preaching, saying if I return to their property I'll be trespassing: I'm not welcome. We walk over to the truck. I toss my backpack in the truck and we get in. My friend Melanie McDyss' blue backpack is near my feet, near the pedals. It is dark out. I start the truck and we drive away. Phoebe is still lecturing to us as I we drive off. I feel good revving up the engine as I pull away. I say, "Damn! Now I can't even return to the Milk Stop to get milk!" We come to an abrupt stop at the corner of 3rd Street and Home Avenue and turn left. There are painted demolition derby cars on the right side of the road. I think of making little notes on my keys so I remember not to trespass! It's such a habit that I'll have to make an effort to remember not to go to the Milk Stop, or I'll be inadvertently caught!