 I'm watching an episode of the X-Files that is supposed to be scarier and have more sexual content than the other episodes. I see these events occurring, but am not there. Three men are at a baseball stadium that may be Walker Stadium in Forkville. They walk through halls that lead to a covert place. I see faces of men, with bars, cages and walls in and around them, flashed before my eyes. It is as if the men are trapped in this area. Someone is hidden or captured in the stadium. They have good seats. There are three black men with orange dreadlocks and orange hats sitting in the seats. These men are "bad", and have forged the ticket process so it appears they have rights to the seats. When the three good men arrive and down the crowded row to their seats one of the bad men pulls out a gun. Agent Fox Moulder from the X-Files is one of the three good men. He has a gun. He is poised, and doesn't show his gun. The three good mean are angry, and leave. Agents Dana Scully and Moulder ride on a wind boat and look for a man. Scully holds a piece of dynamite with the fuse lit, and throws it. Moulder may be an ugly and distorted alien-like being. The agents are in a room looking for a man. There is a man sleeping on a bed next to them. He may be the bad guy. Both Scully and Moulder are dying. They have sex. I am Moulder, and I have sex with Scully. We have sex in many different positions. Her disease causes her some pain. As we have sex I put my penis into a hole in the bow-like portion of a watercraft that seems to be Scully or be attached to her. This is her vagina. We have sex with her on top, I on top, both sitting, and from behind. When we fornicate doggy style my penis penetrates through her and I see it out in front of her. The man rolls over, and I think me may be sleeping. We see his brains are falling out: he's dead. Other police officers arrive. Scully and I must look elsewhere for the man. I take her clothes off as she tries to get dressed, saying that we hardly have any time left together so we should have sex. We have sex from behind, and I then slowly penetrate her anus. She says no: that it is painful. I go slowly and coax her. Her anus is really tight.