 I'm with a group of people in a bedroom. My friends Bubba Hacker, Elise Rooks, Stephen Ramos, and Annie Thomas are there, among others. I'm lying with Annie on the floor, with my arm around her. We haven't seen each other in a long time. There is a sleeping bag that we use to cover up. It becomes unzipped. Bubba falls out of a top bunk onto his head. He is unhurt. I'm showing Bubba and Annie sketches of my dreams. We're downstairs. My drawings and sketchbook are big, colorful nylon flags that I flip through. I can't find some of the sketches I like the most. Bubba isn't very impressed: he doesn't appreciate them. Annie seems to appreciate them more. Bubba jokingly starts to grope my butt. I yell at him, seriously, and I tell him I'm not comfortable with him groping me. Annie is in the bathroom taking a shower. Bubba is in the bathroom with her. I am wary of how Bubba can be overly persistent and assertive at times. I'm in the kitchen. I quickly eat a Bavarian cream-filled Bismarck with chocolate frosting. I go into the bathroom. I startle Annie by opening the door, and she cuts herself shaving her legs. I feel bad, and go to give her a petty consoling. I kiss her, but my mouth is full of the donut, so I pull back. She's sitting in a bathtub with sides that are only a couple inches high. She's naked, and I see she has shaved her pubic hair. I wonder if she did this because of her girlfriend at Prancy. It is a big turn-on for me. I take off my clothes. I gather up the note cards that are on the sink that may be for my Judaism presentation. On the sink are Annie's bra, an unused, unrolled white condom, and the backing to a maxi pad, which Annie didn't use because her period is over. I really want to have a sexual encounter with Annie. I start to get an erection as I am standing near the sink as she gets out of the shower. She puts on a pair of clean white underwear and a long sleeved shirt, which she leaves open and loose. I am very aroused, and I kiss her. She starts to kiss me back, but stops and starts to talk about what other people will think. I'm disheartened because this is totally not in line with my philosophy. She gets out a notebook in which she has written down characteristics of me. She starts reading the characteristics, and says several words that start with the letter 'z', which I have not heard before. She says I am "overly ____ (I forget)". I don't know what all the words mean, but I know they have negative connotations. She seems to think I'm too radical, aloof, one-sided, ill sighted, or too dedicated on the wrong track. She doesn't want to have a sexual encounter with me. I walk away to get something, feeling disheartened. I still want to go back later and see if she wants to have a sexual encounter then. I'm crushed by her rejection, but I still have hope. At some point we discuss our friend Tiny Combs and Middleton College. Annie asks me if anyone else from our high school friends applied to Middleton. I say that Stephen did. Later I realize what she was asking, and that I too applied to Middleton, but I don't say anything.