 I'm sitting on a ledge of a wall or building in downtown Wilmerton. The ledge overlooks the main parking lot next to the movie theatre, with Perkins on my left side. The ledge is about 20-30 feet off the ground. The parking lot is empty and the sun is rising. A teacher is on my left, and my brother Wally and another man are on my right. Two men come out of a first floor door of some apartments and jump down to the ground unscathed! I'm amazed at this, because it is a 25-foot drop, and neither man so much as flinches. They immediately rush into a store with guns to rob it. They may have ski masks on. One of the robbers brings a man out of the store at gunpoint. The robber then goes back into the store. The man from the store has an Oozy machine gun that he holds behind his back. The robber emerges from the sore and goes towards the man. The robber takes the man's gun. The second robber brings two young women out of the store. Each woman is pushing a snowblower. The snowblowers are being stolen. The snowblowers are put into the bed of a small gray truck and the two women and the man are put in the passenger seat: all three are taken captive. One of the robbers gets in the truck and speeds over towards us to pick up the other robber. He skids to a stop very close to us and the second robber gets in the truck. Those I am with and I have guns. I have a huge black M-16 assault rifle. It's a mammoth gun and could really do some damage. The truck has stopped right around the corner of the building ledge we're sitting on. I whirl around and aim my rifle at the driver's seat where the two robbers are sitting, as they drive away. I'm shaky with the gun: I've never worked it before, and it's all I can handle. I don't fire any shots, and the truck pulls away. One of the men I'm with thinks I pointed the gun at his head when I spun around and took aim. I thought the safety of the gun was off, and it was ready to fire, but I see now it was on the whole time. I'm in a truck. I have two arrows stuck in my left forearm. I pull them out. A third arrow has been shot in my arm, and I pull it out too. I bleed a very small bit, and the wound on the surface is small. I'm on a big swing with others. I still have my gun. I lose my shoe: it lies on the ground. I try to pick it up when we swing over it. We are done swinging then. I have books of matches that I keep in my socks.