 I'm near the yard of the white house on the northwest corner of Bauer Avenue and 1st Street in Oak Valley. The deck area of the house isn't there: it's a dirt area. I'm with a woman I know. There are several dinosaur eggs that have hatched, and we find two eggs that haven't hatched, but are warm. We each pick up an egg. My egg hatches, and a balloon dinosaur emerges. The other egg hatches, but neither last long. I'm near the overpass of Main Street over the railroad tracks. There is a fight on a ledge between animals and others. Darth Vader and Luke Skywalker and others are tempted, and are fighting to keep from going to the other side. They realize what they're fighting for while the fighting is occurring. This is an episode of the television sitcom Seinfeld. I'm in a ditch that seems to be down by the tracks. There is a lot of food and drink in the ditch, including appetizers and champagne. The champagne bottles are used to kill something, which may be swan-like birds. The corks of the bottles shoot towards the animals to kill them. Others and I try to run down birds. We chase them over by Main Street. A car hits one bird and I grab it. We start to walk back, and are near the white house on the south side of the railroad tracks on the west side of Delivery Avenue. I sense a Tyrannosaurus Rex ahead of us in the distance behind a tree. We all start to run, going north. We get near Carter School. I'm looking for a place to hide that is strong enough to protect me from the dinosaur. I think of hiding underneath the recess stairs, but the others don't think this is a good idea, so we all walk down the alley, going north. There is a small house on the north side of the school with a fence around it. I climb on the fence, to look for shelter. We end up going into an area that is all tiles, like a huge bathroom. The Tyrannosaurus Rex comes; it is following us. We hide and evade it. One man suggests that gingerbread man Olympics be held. The dinosaur follows us closely, and is a man. It is hungry. The man is huge. Someone hits him on the head with a plate. Something happens with food: the dinosaur may sense food. We are all hiding. I run and hide, trying to escape.