 I seem to be near the church across from Social Science Hall at Brimson. Two men with guns are robbing a man in a car. One of the robbers is holding a gun inches from the victim's head, pointing it at his head. The other robber stands about 15 feet in back of the car pointing his gun at the victim, who is the driver. I'm walking with several guys, including my classmate Doug Thompson. I'm not sure how to react when I see the robbery. I move cautiously. The man being robbed tells us to keep walking, past the car. I do. The man drives away. The robbers fire their guns when the man is at a distance, and don't hit him. The others that were with me are still back near the robbers, while I slowly and anxiously keep walking. The robbers rob the other men I was with. I start to run and get away. I'm running down 1st Street in Oak Valley, going from where it intersects Bauer Avenue to where the white house is on the corner of it intersection with Holy Avenue. I see a black woman outside the house and I yell to her from a distance to call 911. When I get to the house I enter through the front door. I go through the dimly lit living room where there is a huge television with many dull colors showing on it. I enter the kitchen where the lights are brighter, and see the woman talking on the phone to the 911 operator. I tell the woman what I know about the two robbers: one is white, about 5'11", with shaggy brown hair that sticks out from under his winter-type cap, and he had a gun, which was like a six-shooter, that seemed silver, gray, or blue. The other four men I was with, including Doug, have escaped the robbers, and they arrive at the house. The others are younger than Doug. I ask one of them, who is a young black boy, about the second robber. The boy says the second robber was white. I talk on a cellular phone. The 911 operator asks me to hang up, because she can't talk to the woman and I at the same time: there is an electrical or communication problem. I hang up. There is a loud wail in the basement. I go downstairs to see what it is. My sister Heather is there. She has been sexually touched or hurt. Her uterus is sterile, and it is destroyed. She is kneeling on the floor sobbing. There is blood on the floor, walks, and pipes to the sink: essentially everywhere. She kneels and wails while she scoops up bits of bloody intestine-like tissue. These are bits of her uterus. She scrapes them into a pile on the blood-covered floor.