 I walk down towards the yellow house on the corner of 2nd Street and Hill Avenue in Oak Valley. I go to the back door of the house and knock. One of the women inside signals for me to enter, and I do. There is a huge kitchen with a high ceiling on the right. Two black women are in the kitchen. One comes towards me to see what I want. I ask her meagerly, in a soft and high-pitched voice, if she sells shirts. I want to buy a shirt. She says yes and I go into the shirt room, which his like a living room. There is another woman sitting in a rocking chair. She says, "Hark!" in a firm voice. I think she is saying her name, so I reply, "Kenneth", in a firm voice. Then I realize her word was a greeting, and I feel dumb for having said my name. I look at the shirts, which are on two walls. Some are embroidered, and others are prints. I want to buy a shirt for my sister Heather's dog. The shirts are homemade, and are expensive. I leave without buying a shirt, saying something about having to get some information about what to put on the shirt before I order it. I'm outside. Above me I see a huge black oval-shaped NASA spaceship. I stand with people on the southeast corner of the intersection. Many small UFO's appear in the sky. They are white, and light colored. I see a few at first, and then many, and then they are everywhere! They're the size of a Frisbee, and are flat and razor sharp. They fly down near the earth's surface. One of them sticks six inches deep into a concrete block near me! They fly over my head. I crouch down, lower and lower. They keep flying over me, and I'm afraid they'll cleanly slice off the top of my head! I know I need to seek cover in a place where there are cement walls on all four sides of me, so I'm protected. Everyone, including me, flees. I run around back of the yellow house and turn right into a cement stairwell. I get down and cover my head with my hands. My ex-girlfriend Jackie Hunter appears, walking northward on the east side of Hill Avenue in front of the yellow house. I know she has been taken over, mentally and/or physically. I run towards her, away from the cement walls. I jump and kick her in the face, knocking her unconscious. I pick her up and carry her body back to the cement stairwell. I protect her, putting my hand on her head to keep hear head down. I know the world has been taken over. I'm the leader of the people that are left in the world, as opposed to the leader of those who have taken over. I tell Jackie that I want to help. She is then my friend Melanie McDyss. I lay on hard cement with her. She has a scratched face, and is wearing a black tank top. I lick and suck her left breast.