 I'm in a building that seems to be like the Middle Mall building in Wilmerton. I am working, it seems. I see my friend Melanie McDyss near a door. She has just entered. I go over to her to say hi. I'm happy to see her. She leaves very quickly, out the glass doors, and doesn't speak to or acknowledge me. My housemate Stephen is there. He starts laughing at me, talking about her ignoring me, and repeating this. I'm not facing him, but I turn around after he makes four or five of the same comments. I punch him on his left cheek with my right hand. He is surprised, and in shock, and keeps saying something like, "Oh my god, I can't believe you just did that." He is arrogant and righteous in his talk. I am sick of his righteous holier-than-thou attitude. (He may punch me back; I'm not sure.)I leave. I go into a bathroom. I feel guilty for punching him. I wash my face and blot it dry with a towel. I have a puffy lower lip, like I have been struck. I'm the manager of the pizza-like place in this mall. Stephen and my friend Kristy Puffy may also be managers. I open a door from the bathroom that goes into a natatorium with a huge swimming pool. I don't' want to go in there, so I go into another door. I'm in a hallway. There are other hallways and offices around. I follow the hallway and go past an office where a man is doing business on the phone. I'm then in the back stock room of Ace Hardware. I descend a blue metal staircase to get to the main floor. Other employees are around. No one is paying attention to me. I may be an employee. I look for, and find, a pen and piece of paper. I do this to steal goods, possibly a futon. People come back with their merchandise written on paper, and pick it up here. I can steal in this way. I start to walk away and faintly hear my name, "Kenneth". Someone is calling me. I walk on without turning around to see how it was, or if they were talking to me. I hear my name again, louder, "Kenneth", and I turn around. It is the manager talking. He has blond hair and a blue Ace Hardware vest on. He asks me what the paper and pen are for. He seems to know I was planning on stealing. I lie, saying I just needed a piece of paper. I don't have a good excuse and am anxious. A male employee comes over and interrupts us, asking the manager about a bolt, which he needs. I say I have a bolt, and pull one out of my right jeans pocket. It is about 1 and _ inch long, black, and is kind of like a screw. This will work for the employee. He takes it and leaves. I'm lucky the topic was changed. The manager doesn't suspect me of stealing any more. It is as if the interaction with the employee made me reliable, as if the employee vouched for my honesty. I walk away into the main part of the store and go past the cash registers near the exit. The store is like Country Store in Oak Valley. I turn left and walk behind the registers, past them all. People are lined up: it is busy. Kristy is a manager, and is helping the cashiers, one by one, and is on the second to last cashier, so I'll get to talk to her in a bit about the incident punching Stephen. I go outside into the parking lot. There is a semi truck or bus that carries eggs, which drives away. There is a trapezoidal-like-structure, which I think I can move. This is like the army. It is winter, with ice and snow. I go in the store. Kristy is almost done. I know I'm wrong for punching Stephen. Stephen and our friend Sam Kingsley walk in, after spending time together. Stephen starts talking to me sarcastically, mocking me nonchalantly, making fun of me, and looking down upon me. He says, "Sorry my arm hit your head." He's really making fun of me, saying, "Sorry my head hit your fist." I don't want to apologize. I did express my anger improperly. I want to explain why he was wrong, more than I want to admit I was wrong, because he doesn't understand that he was wrong.