 Tarzan is in the jungle. There's a bad leader and a strong bad man there. A dirty and dusty, solid, white BMW-like car pulls up to the small clearing where Tarzan is. Two South American-looking men dressed in shorts, shirts, hats, and boots get out of the car and walk into jungle empty-handed. I'm surprised at this, but I think they'll survive because others, including myself, have and do survive. The car is crowded, still. Tarzan tells a man, who may be the bad leader, that he should go into the car and Tarzan will meet him at the edge of the jungle at night. He says there will be enough light for them to make it. Tarzan then goes to the top of a tall tree, at the very top of which there is a bald trunk, broken off, with no branches. He stands on the top of the trunk, with his arms spread wide, and lets out his characteristic Tarzan yell. He then swings down, leaping and catching branches in a strong, sure-gripped manner. On his way down some men are in the tree. The men try to club and beat Tarzan. Tarzan evades the blows and beats the men, injuring them. Tarzan, the strong man, and the leader/manager are in a prison. Tarzan's hands are cuffed behind his back, and his is chained up facing the strong man. Tarzan and the strong man fight. The man head butts Tarzan, and Tarzan's face becomes red from blood. Tarzan rams the other man into a wall repeatedly. The man is facing a wall. Tarzan smashes his head into the wall repeatedly until the man is senseless. The fighting happens in a hallway outside a door with an automatic timed lock. The leader/manager and the strong man are put in the room behind the door, which is the prison. The door closes and makes the initial latch. Tarzan is still connected to the bad man by chains. When the door closes, the chains break. The manager tries to open the door when it starts to close fully. Two of his fingers get caught and are severed in the closing door. This door seems indestructible, and unstoppable. The bad strong man and the manager are in prison, and Tarzan is not.