 I walk over near a line of people to get on a plane. My classmate from Brimson Anthony Holden is there. There are some people already in line for the flight. I try to find the right place to stand, because the line seems to branch off into two lines. I choose one of the lines and stand in the metal corral-like line. I'm then the first person in line. A woman calls out for anyone who is flying to Reinhorse, which I know is in Germany, to come to the front of the line. Several men walk by me and descend a staircase to talk to the woman. I hear the woman ask if any of them are willing to change flights, because the flight they're on is really full. The woman says they don't have to change, because they do all have a seat on the flight, but if they did change they would receive compensation. While they talk, we all start to move, and I realize we're going onto a plane flying to Los Angeles. We take off and immediately make a hard right turn. The plane keeps rolling, and we fly in a spiral, spinning like a top as we fly forward. One of the engines is out, and that is causing the spiral. The stewardess says the passengers need to pound on the inside of the walls to get the engine to start, as if it is just stuck. The emergency exit on the plane is open. The engine doesn't start. We spin and fly. People are yelling. I sit next to several men, including my housemate Stephen Ramos. I yell and laugh. We are in a pretty good mood considering we're probably going to die. I joke about how our plane crashing could make a great Fox television special, like "World's Worse Plane Crashes". We don't gain altitude, and must land. There is a train below us entering a train yard. If we could land on top of the fast train, we wouldn't crash, and the train could just slow down. We seem to be going in for a landing at the train yard. Then our plane is on the snow-covered ground on a street, sliding, not very fast. I think that since we're in the nose of the plane if the plane slides into the house at the end of the road we could get hurt. The plane stops on the road. I get out of the plane and talk to Stephen. I tell him this whole episode has been so amazing that I must be dreaming. I say this very nonchalantly. I turn and look back and the plane isn't there: I am dreaming! The street is empty: without any people or a plane.