 I'm at Brimson walking out of the art building. I see my classmate Barb Fenster and others. I walk up the sidewalk towards the library, carrying two textbooks in my left hand. I see my classmate Tina Schredl sitting with others on the right side of the sidewalk. I look at her overtly and make eye contact. I give her a little halfhearted smile, like I always do, and keep walking. I walk past the library. My classmate Nellie Hammer walks next to me and says, "Hi Kenneth." I turn and say hi, feeling choked up, as we walk. She is wearing red tights. She slips on an icy spot, and makes a pretty good recovery before falling down. I chuckle jokingly at this. We talk and walk towards Courtyard Hall. She is much more agreeable than I would have guessed by looking at her. We part paths. I walk towards the student union. There are several bicycles in the bicycle rack, including my housemate Stephen's old red bicycle. There is a man on a skateboard that skates up and jumps onto the front fork of Stephen's bicycle. I think this is odd, and wonder why he's doing it. Stephen skates up on his skateboard, coming from the library. I walk into the student union. A group of women, including my acquaintances Pat, Gail, and Nora, exit as I enter. They say hi to me. Right as I walk in the door people are conducting a survey for which one is pressured to participate in. My friend Jill Banks is there, and says there is a party at our classmate Sean's house. The survey is about homosexuality, society, and service. I'm not interested in it, and walk on. I go to get my mail. I'm mellow, almost bored, and I feel a bit down: depressed. There are no locks on the mailboxes, which open like bulk food bins. I lift up the lid to my box and get my mail. I have three slips for packages. One of the slips says it is a "Ball and Chain" package. I have two skateboards with me, which are hard to carry with my other stuff. I look at my mail solemnly. My friend Melanie McDyss comes up to me and gives me a big hug. She seems to notice that I'm feeling down. Her hug is unexpected, but very nice, and I appreciate it. My classmate Rachel Tandor is there. I hear her talk about her homework problems. I start to give Rachel my sleep and dreams lecture, saying how they are more important than other work. Several of Rachel's friends listen, sitting at a table. I say people need to focus not on work, but more on sleep and dreams. Then I joke, "Look at me: I focus on dreams, and look how smart I am!" We all laugh. Rachel had interrupted my hug with Melanie, and I want to talk with Melanie. I hope I can get my three packages: it's almost 4:30pm, and the post office will close soon.