 I'm sitting on a bench, between Burger King and Daytons, with my backpack, in the Uptown Mall in Oak Valley. The bench faces west, towards a store where a woman is working. The store is small, and the woman neatly dressed, and selling small, expensive items. I seem to be wearing gloves. I get a basketball out of my backpack. I sit on the edge of the bench, bouncing the ball. It gets away from me and rolls towards the small store. I get up and follow it, but not hurriedly. It rolls into the store, and I go pick it up, apologizing briefly to the woman. She is really mad, and gives me a deathly look. She says she's going to call security, and then does so. I go and sit down on the bench. I'm worried about what security will do when they arrive. I see the security guard that I know from high school. He struts over to the store in his characteristic way. After a brief interaction there he walks past me. He trips over my legs, which are outstretched. He sits down next to me on the bench. I think he's going to say something about the basketball rolling into the store, but instead he tells me he caught a two-pound bass! I ask if he caught it through the ice. He says yes! He says he and another man also caught a six-pound walleye and a small bear! He says he also shot a small bear. I cut my index finger on an object that one usually wouldn't get cut on: it seems to be a relatively flat sheet-like structure, like a piece of cardboard. The cut is about _ inch long, and very fine, like a paper cut. I put a band-aid on it, and instead of wrapping it around the tip of my finger, I apply it lengthwise, over the tip of my finger. My ex-girlfriend Annie Thomas is there. She meets a fat man. I hear her talking to him. She has doubts about our relationship, and I hear her talk negatively to him about me. The band-aid doesn't stick to my finger. I have a small black bear in my hands as I sit on the bench. It's about three inches high. It has a white stripe down its back and large fangs like a saber tooth tiger. People playfully put their finger in its mouth, poking its large teeth. I'm wary of this, even though it seems to be such a cute little playful animal. The bear is getting sleepy in my hand: it is drugged.