I am trying to park my car and some man has his car in my space and has a baby in a box or carriage. I pull up next to him and it's a tight fit because a third car is to my right. I tell him not to worry, I'll be careful, and that I have a right to park here. I get out and walk across the parking lot to my apartment. It's in a "hall" or row of apartments. The first and second one looks nice, and each one after that looks progressively more old and broken down. I live in the first one. I have to walk up four or five steps and it's hard to do. I wonder why it's not accessible. I go in and drop a tape cassette on the floor and then need to find it. I search and search and find lots of other junk. It's a big mess and it's all my roommates stuff. She's very sloppy. I then walk through the rooms - the kids' bedroom and the kitchen. The kitchen is huge and there are four tables (two are hers) and covered with leftover breakfast stuff. I think, "Why am I putting up with this?" and then wonder how I'd manage with her gone - all that room in the kitchen. But I do decide to ask her to move. She and her boyfriend are angry and come after me. I run outside and see the nice man I parked next to. I go behind him and he readily jumps into the fray and runs the two meanies away. I thank him and apologize for using him as a shield. It was MY fight, after all. He is fine about it and was happy to help. I then go visit Ginny and Ernie who are busy. They'd been selling their things at a very cheap price. They are telling me how awful it feels to sell nice things they paid good money for, for just a few dollars. I ask Ginny why they're doing that. It doesn't make much sense. Are they in financial difficulties? I look at Ginny and see Ernie seated in a high chair (baby's) and am surprised. I didn't see them switch sides and am not used to Ernie in that position! I want them to meet my new roommate. We walk across the street to my place. Again, I am aware of having a hard time walking up the stairs. I open the door and the living room is well picked up and very neat. The nice man and lots of his children are there. It's like a pre-school room - some watching TV, some napping on the couch. He points to a box and I ask, "What's it's name?" ( a baby that on closer inspection is a stuffed animal that's alive). He's green and cuddly and his name is Elmer. I pet him and exclaim, "He's purring." I think he's cute. There's a sense of comfort with my new roommate situation.