 I arrive in the Armstrong High School parking lot in the morning. My friend from Brimson Ivory Alshire is there. I walk in with her. I have on sweat pants and flip flop-like slippers on. I put a key or set of keys inside the bottom cuff of my sweat pants. It's winter. As I enter the building I see my friend from Brimson Beth Mock, who I know is my high school classmate Carol Derth. I go up to her to talk. I feel uncomfortable: we haven't seen each other in a while. Beth has short, dark hair. I realize she has cut and dyed her hair, because Carol had blond hair. She asks if I like it, and I say, "No", very bluntly, and walk away. My friends Sarah Reed, Mya Rousing, and many others are there. I go sit down for class. My old teammate Simon Naver is sitting at a table. Others I know are at a nearby table. I sit by myself at a table because I don't want to associate with many of the others. My ex-girlfriend Annie Thomas comes and sits with me. Our old teacher Phillip Hacker is teaching Pre-Calculus. We're in the commons-like area, with many tables. I forget my book, so I write a note to myself to get it. I also write a note to my friend Melvin Dahlheimer so that he remembers to get any books he'll need for a class. I'm in the driver's seat of a car with Annie and another woman. I give Annie a letter in an envelope that I've just written, but haven't yet put a stamp on. I give her the letter rather than mailing it to her, because she's there. We're on a class field trip. The car in front of me takes off. I hurry to catch up and almost get lost. We come to a freeway. People in the class are on bicycles. I get on a bicycle and start pedaling. I ride on the freeway, not sure of where those ahead of me have gone. I ride fast, leaving many people behind. I go through a tunnel and am in a house-like structure. I open several doors that have brick walls behind them, so one can't step through the door. It is as if the doors were mounted on the brick wall for decoration. I go downstairs carrying my 10-speed bicycle. I see my friend Melanie McDyss, who is on foot. We hug and laugh and joke. I go out of the house into a garden-like area. Some people, who may be students, are there, with a teacher, who may be Phillip. There is a moss-covered coffin there. I scrape away the moss from the top of it. I uncover a key hold on the middle of the side of the coffin. I'm happy because I think there is only one keyhole. It seems to me that this is a treasure hunt, and because I have uncovered the only keyhole, I'm the winner. The teacher seems to have the key. A second keyhole is uncovered at the head of the coffin. The top of the coffin slides off when it is pushed: no key is needed to remove it. I wonder if this could be a hoax, or if the coffin was robbed, because nothing in the coffin strikes me as important or valuable.