 I sneak into a hockey game by going in the exit doors when a person leaves. I rush in, and am a bit off balance as I look for my friend Elise Rooks, who I know is there. Then Elise catches my attention. I go down to sit by her. She is sitting on the right of her boyfriend. On her right is an empty seat. To the right of the empty seat is a man they are with. The man has his left leg on the open seat, and when I approach whim about sitting in the seat I feel a bit odd because of all the open seats around us, and I'm asking to sit between he and Elise. He responds by moving into the open seat. I shrug this off and sit in this seat he was sitting in. We're watching a basketball game. The players file out onto the court. One of them looks very familiar. He is tall and pudgy with short blond hair. I ask if this is Division II basketball. They reply that it's County or Country League. The game ends. We were waiting for the game to end so we could cross the court and go into a door and up some stairs into the art studio. We get up to cross the court. My friend's father, Franco Ramos, is there. He has big sideburns and glasses, and seems to be a young man, about 30 years old. My friend Stephen Ramos is there too. Elise is dressed in tight black skimpy clothing. There is another woman with long curly golden blond hair, almost yellow. She is shorter than Elise. She is also wearing tight clothes, and has large breasts. I tell Elise I've been hanging out with her friend, and my ex-girlfriend, Annie Thomas this past weekend. We get up to the art department. I see a painting/drawing from my sister Ramona to me. I take it, as well as other construction-like paper, which is between five and seven feet long. I go to walk up more stairs to a place I can paint. I hold the paper over my head, bending the paper in a semicircle against my head. There are many tables on the left side of the stairs as I walk up. It is like a cafe/restaurant. All the tables are full. I recognize my friend Holly Lapson at one of the tables. Franco is also carrying paper up the stairs. He is carrying more, and longer, paper. I get to the top floor, which is light brown, varnished wood, very clean and beautiful. I'm happy and excited to be there. I look around and goof off. I walk by a woman, and she catches me eye. I catch her eye too. She is very cute! Stephen calls me over, saying his easel is a ways down. He warns me sternly, as if he knows better, saying, "Don't be too confident." He is talking about art, and my skills, and how the art community will view my artwork. He's warning me that others may not like my art. He implies that people don't like overconfidence. I tell him that I'm not here to produce a masterpiece; that I'm just here to have a good time. I grab a cracker from a plate of crackers that is sitting out, and go to follow Stephen. The cute woman is near me, and we look at each other again. I smile, and she flirtingly says, "What?" I wave hello to her as I follow Stephen. We get down near his easel. The woman has followed us to talk to me. I'm near the easel. She walks up to introduce herself. I quickly point to my mouth, indicating that I'm chewing a cracker and can't talk, and indicate for her to give me a minute until I'm done chewing. Stephen has a two-legged table, which is the easel. It is a flat table that stands on two diagonally slanted wooden legs. He sets up the table. My mouth is dry as I chew the cracker. I'm nervous about meeting this beautiful woman who is obviously interested in me. It takes me what seems like forever, several minutes, to chew the cracker. She has clear, clean skin and shorter brown hair. She is strong, but doesn't look overbearing. She is firm and very feminine. She introduces herself as Angelica.