 I'm watching a movie in a theatre with two men. This may be the movie: There is a man. He is awful and terrible and destructive. He makes people witness all hell, all their pain in life, all the torture and suffering, and makes them endure it. I'm in what seems to be my back yard with this evil being and one or two other people. Each person seems to have a turn. One by one, if a person doesn't obey, the evil being will focus pain and suffering on them. It's a beating that comes in waves or pulses, as if numbers are counted out loud in a rhythmic fashion as the pain is administered, "One!...Two!...Three!..." It is very painful and fiery. There are cages that seem to be made of fire that break and disintegrate around the person. It is useless to resist. Resisting will only incur more pain and more of the wrath from this being. I get the wrath of the being because of a comment I made about a case or a 30-pack of beer, which was in a brown case. My body is lifted up into the air six to ten feet where I am hit with waves and bolts of pain and torture. There is no choice but to endure this. The man or being is so strong that any resistance or attempt to escape will only lead to greater pain and punishment. There is an intermission in the movie. I go to the bathroom. The bathroom is old and dirty. The floor is stained with dirty water. I defecate, and have dark and runny diarrhea. The toilet is so long that I stretch my legs out and my boot is in the front part of the toilet bowl. A man peeks into the stall as I am finishing and standing up. I see it is my high school classmate Gino Teavor. I say hi to him and we go to the sinks. There are two old metal hand soap containers that are empty and rusted, with their fronts hanging down. I manage to get some soap out of one and start to lather and wash my hands. Gino kneels down next to the sink he is at to drink. I know he is drunk. My old teammate Ron Lind enters and I say hi. Later, our old classmate Eric Spears enters, looking very out of it: drunk or stoned. A young Asian boy enters the bathroom and vomits what appears to be a McDonalds hamburger into a garbage can. I think he may be really drunk, and trying to keep some food down, which doesn't work. He has a bunch of his belongings spread out on the floor. He vomits again, on the floor. What comes up are what seem to be plastic milk jug caps. I step over and between his belongings on the floor and pull a brown bottle off the shelf. I think this is beer, but I then see that it is a kind of iced tea-like beverage from the boy's home country. I walk out of the bathroom into a hallway, which is the north end of the second floor hallway at Carter School. There is a dartboard on the east wall. I take the darts out of the board, and poke one without tail fins into the bulls eye. I'm alone. I stand across the hallway and throw five darts, one by one. I don't throw them too well. My first dart hits the wall. My second dart hits the dartboard, but on the very edge so it gets no points. My third dart hits a bit farther in. I fall on the floor, like I have tripped, and throw a dart while I'm falling, and one while I'm on the floor. I have two disposable orange and white plastic razors that I want to keep for later. There is a small shelf in the hallway with some items on it, including some orange and white razors that belong to others. I want to keep my razors separate from these. I go back to the movie and sit with the two men. I have a tub of buttered popcorn. The movie seems to go: I'm in my back yard and it is dark. My friend Tom Napper is lying on the ground with a compound fracture in his left leg. I think this is just the monster, but then I'm convinced it is real because the whole area is calm and quiet. When the monster (the evil being) was there, the scene was explosive, electrifying, and magnificent. The other person from the movie is there. I run in and grab some rags and two knives to make a splint for Tom. I come back out and realize I've forgotten to call 911. I go and pick up the phone, and find that it is dead: no dial tone. I run outside. It is barely getting light out, and is about 5:00am. A few of the neighbor's lights are flicking on in preparation for work. I yell out loud, and run over to my neighbor Steve Broud's house to use the phone. He has a dark brown moustache when I see him in the kitchen window. He comes to let me in. He is just getting up for work. I tell him it is an emergency, and that I need to use his phone to call 911. He says okay, but he has to record two messages on his phone first. He hits a few buttons on the phone as I wait. He is wearing very colorful short shorts, and his penis partially hangs out of the top of them. His son Ricky Broud is there, wearing a towel. While I'm waiting I watch television. A man comes on the television that looks and seems like an Egyptian King. He talks and gives speeches on a morning show. His face fills the screen as he talks strongly. He is regal and powerful. He makes a comment about people not thinking about the return of another for 600 years, and how naive this thinking is. I then realize that the evil being, the terror, is still strong, and is behind all this. This last episode has been a hoax.