 I'm at a bank with my mom, my sister Ramona, and my friend Nat Miller. We stop here on our way out of Wilmerton. We're driving to Metropolis. I need to do some business at the bank, including getting traveler's checks. Nat gives me a $5 bill to get him a container of Globe Lights cigarettes. I hesitate briefly, wondering if he should smoke in the car with my mom and Ramona as we drive, and wondering why he doesn't get them himself. We seem to be driving a red car, like my friend Nate Nelling's family's car. I go in and wait in the bank line for a bit, and then decide to get the cigarettes first because the bank lines are long. The tag under the plastic container of Globe Lights says $3.88. I ask the man behind the counter for a bottle of Globe Lights. I feel a bit funny because I've never purchased cigarettes. Bat told me to keep some, but not all, of the change. The man gives me three small buckets with ice in them, three plastic cups, and a larger bucket. He says something to me along the lines of, "Think before you drink and drive." I don't hear him clearly, and I jokingly ask him if he said "Mix your drinks before you drink them." The total bill is $1.18. I give the man a $10 bill. He gives me over $15 in change, as if I've paid with a $20 bill. I'm a bit confused, because I'm sure I paid with a $10 bill, but I'm not going to say anything. I go back to the bank teller line. I have a white plastic bag with all the drink buckets and glasses in it. I get up to a teller after some confusion with others in line. My bag is now a cardboard box, about 12"x4"x8" in dimension. I ask the male teller if I can get $200 in travelers' checks. He doesn't know about these, and has to ask someone else. He returns and tells me to go around the corner and ask Dee ___ (I forget). I go around the corner and ask a woman. She shows me to a door that enters into a room where a woman is sitting at a table. The woman at the table is Dee, and she asks if she can assist me in getting travelers checks. I say yes, and ask her how long it takes to order them. She replies that it takes two working days. I think about this: When I'd be able to get the checks, when I'm going back to Woodland, and how I'd coordinate it. It seems rushed, in a time crunch.