 I'm at a house where my friend Stephen Ramos and I live, maybe with others. We're having a party. I'm upstairs in a bedroom with my old housemate Seth Karns. I start to give fellatio. I put his penis deep into my throat. His penis stays fairly limp, and he moans a lot. I move my finger down towards his anus, which is wet, but he doesn't want me to stimulate his anus, and declines this. I ask him to give me anal sex. He is going to, and I tell him to use a condom. My backpack, which has condoms in it, is on the door handle. I tell him to use a lot of lotion. He is about to penetrate me when the door opens. My high school classmate Elise Rooks walks in, as if the room we're in is a bathroom. I grab a towel as she enters, wrap it around me, and walk out of the room to the bathroom. Elise finds Seth naked with an erection, wearing a condom, and she knows what was happening. At that instant everyone seems to know. I go to the shower. A man is there with a baby in his arms. He pushes a door closed on my while I'm outside the bathroom on a small deck-like area. He tries to lock me out of the bathroom. He is mad at me for my homosexual acts. I push the door open and go inside. Downstairs, others are disgusted and angry with me for my homosexual acts. There is an upheaval of the family here, at what seems to be a family reunion. Many people react strongly, and are homophobic. One or two people say my behavior is okay. I tell everyone I called the police and everyone, including family, has ten minutes to leave. I'm out in front of the house. My ex-girlfriend Annie Thomas is there in a group. She tells me she found number two, implying this is her number two male partner. She does this to taunt me. She and her group, which includes my high school friend Holly Ball, start to walk away. They taunt me. I pick up bottles that are lying around and throw them into our yard to consolidate the mess. Two houses down, the yard is filled with heaps of empty plastic Pepsi bottles, and others bottles. There are two young black kids in this yard. One is between eight and ten years old, the other between 12 and 13. I tell them if the mess in their yard is from our party than I'll clean it up. They say it is from our party. I'm prepared to take care of it. Their reply is very shaky, and I question them again. They admit the mess is from a party held at their house by their father. I want to run over to the group leaving and tell Annie and those taunting me to eat a big fat dick: to fuck off! Then they walk beside me. I tell Annie I don't want to talk to her anymore. Holly and Annie walk and pester me. My academic advisor Mary Monroe is there. Our house is bluish-gray in color. In and around the house are many skulls and bloody, fleshy body parts and limbs of small dinosaurs scattered about. There are several old men in the house to assess the house. One of the men is a dinosaur specialist. I ask him how the place looks. He says it is littered with skulls. My friends Beth Mock, Brittany Johnson, and others that I don't want to see are there. I pick up glasses on and around the floor.