 I'm at a concert with my housemate Stephen Ramos and my ex-girlfriend Annie Thomas. There seems to be three bands playing. We sit on a small stage-like structure. There are black lights flashing, which bring out the color, especially red, around us. I move out of my seat. I seem to have a heavy load attached to my upper body, like a pack strapped on. It weighs a good amount, and I have to pay attention to my balance. I go back to sit down. My coworker Katie James is sitting a little ways away, off the stage-like structure. As the song ends, Stephen recognizes it as a remake of a Led Zeppelin song. It is a remake called Led ____ (I forget), in which the second word is shorter than Zeppelin. The song we hear is a remake of Stairway To Heaven. The band ends, and I go to the bathroom with others, including Annie. I feel exhausted, though I know I slept 13 hours last night. I tell Annie that I feel like crap: exhausted. She asks just how tired I am. I say I need at least a nap of four hours. I'm in the bathroom. I splash water on my face to refresh me. Annie enters the bathroom and tells me her mother is going to cook dinner, and implies I am invited. I'm a bit happy because I won't have to go to this dinner, using the excuse that the long nap I'm going to take will overlap the dinner hour. Back at the show, Tracy Chapman is playing next. I sit at the kitchen table at my home in Oak Valley with Stephen and our friend Kevin Simpson. They have or are getting submarine sandwiches, which look like Subway Spicy Italian sandwiches on white bread. I cut out holes in the layers of pepperoni and place pickles there. Stephen does not want tomatoes, but he does want lettuce, which I don't put on at first. My classmate Hanna Landers approaches me as I sit and says, "I might consider paying." She seems to be in charge of admission costs and implies that I should pay her here and now. I am guilty of not paying. I get out my wallet. I ask her how much. It is normally $5, and she tells me $8. I ask her plainly and accusingly if she raised the price. She replies flatly that she did. My friend Melanie McDyss is there, and seems to have some sympathy for me. She may toss me a few caps, a portion of a red roll of caps that are used for a cap gun. They fall next to me on the floor. Stephen says something about Tracy Chapman drinking Budweiser. I think: Why would Tracy Chapman drink Budweiser? I imagine she'd boycott it or something, but not drink it! So I bet Stephen $20 that she doesn't drink Budweiser. He and I shake hands. Tracy Chapman then comes over to the table, walking behind me, and sits on my left. As she does this, I ask her if she drinks Budweiser. She says yes, and sets a bottle of Budweiser on the table in front of her as she sits down. Stephen and Kevin laugh. I think Stephen must have seen her drinking this before the bed, so I don't intend to pay him, and I don't think he'll be too concerned about enforcing the bet he cheated somewhat by tricking me. Tracy Chapman, who seems like Tracy Bonham, is then white, and I think she's cute. She and Melanie are both sympathetic that I had to pay, and they both give me a portion of a roll of caps, which is a symbol that I've paid. Hanna knows I didn't pay because I didn't have my hand stamped. Others who haven't paid pay now. I get a beer. Tracy says I should ask her next time and she would get me a beer, and implies everything will go smooth with paying to get in. I get up, acting obnoxiously, and pretend that I'm giving Hanna my Budweiser beer. She grabs it and we get into a tug-of-war. I win, as she pulls the cap of the bottle. To spite her, I slam the beer, gulp by gulp, though it takes me a while to drink the whole beer. I show my contempt for her.