 I seem to be at home in Oak Valley. Many people are expecting to go to war with shotguns, against aliens. The people seem to be looking forward to this. There is a large farm/garden area around the house. The family is at home. I see a large shadow of a low-flying plane on the ground. Looking up, I see many planes flying overhead. The planes drop bombs all around. I see the bombs falling and I flee, running back into the field. The place where the bombing occurs seems to be Yardville. The planes circle down and land very quickly. This is an invasion of the country by Nazi-like soldiers with small green fighter planes. I run, and my mom runs, following me. I want to escape the invaders. We run into the cornfield, going west to escape. We run away from roads, into the country, around lakes and ponds, and through some ponds. We jump in one of the ponds to cool off. Kids are playing near some of the water holes. It is getting dark. I am then with my brother Wally, not my mom. We come to a huge rock cliff that is covered with plastic, secured with tape. We walk around the edge of this rock that is at least a few hundred feet in circumference and a hundred feet tall. I find a spot and we slip underneath the tarp where there is an opening. We walk here in an open space, and come to a door. Looking through a small rectangular window in the door I see a large concrete bridge and know there is a town there. The town seems to have a "saving" quality to it: it will save or help us in some way. We walk out through the door, going from the rock and water country to the town, and into a city. We walk down stairs. The city we are in is Rome. We cross a rope bridge while two men walk the opposite way across it. We may not be fully clothed. The two men seem to be wearing towels. I'm in a building that seems to be like Brimson, and I realize I'm safe. I see my friend Nat Miller and my uncle Rusty Redding. I talk with Nat about the invasion. He tells me it was either Holland or Germany that invaded. His study abroad program ended early because of the invasion. My friend Stephen Ramos is there. He talks about his experience of the invasion. He was in bed masturbating when the invaders landed, and before he knew it they had captured him. They tell me that people have been looking for me since the invasion: I've been missing. I quietly take pride in my escaping the invasion. I am safe in Rome. I think of talking to some psychology professors about the invasion, since I'm here.