 I'm talking with my dad on the phone. He is talking about different authors who write about dreams, asking me if I've heard of them. I've heard vaguely of one or two; others I'm not familiar with. They are Saft, Ditzen or Dizy, and others. My dad is at a bookstore while we talk. He tells me there will be a reading of these authors at a bookstore on June 5th, 1998. At first I thought he had bought me some books, then he tells me they'll be reading. I'm in the basement pit room at home in Oak Valley talking on the phone. I have several eggs. One egg is cracked, with a blob of egg white hanging out. I tell my dad I'd like to go to the reading but I'll still be in Australia on June 5th. It seems like I haven't left the United States yet. Carl Jung will be there! I really want to go! My dad has reserved two tickets for the reading on his credit card. I tell him I'll try to change my schedule to make it home on June 2nd or 3rd. I remember that the Raden University packet warned against taking exams early. My dad says okay, and our conversation seems about to end. Because of this burst of excitement and enthusiasm I want to tell him the dream I had last night in which he and I told each other I love you. I'm in my mom's bedroom looking north out the east window. I'm about to tell my dad the dream when I see five suns out the window. They are larger than usual: about twice as large as normal, and they are glowing. I stop and look at them. They are brilliant! I tell him to quick look out of his window and I run outside to look. As I run outside I see a reflection in the glass that makes me think that the five suns were really just a tricky splitting of light rays, like a prism. But I feel I can't back down from what I've said, because I've made a big deal of it, so I go out to look. It is cloudy outside. I see the suns as if they were in front of the clouds, large and glowing, in the formation of the five dots on a die. My brother Wally is there with his friends Perry Glyde and Mryle Madden. Perry or Mryle has my pocket notebook. I get it from them and scramble to write, to capture the moment. I see letters, numbers, and symbols on the suns, including 18hr or 18rh. I try to write these down. I'm still on the phone with my dad this whole time. I'm talking loud and fast. I'm very excited about what I'm seeing, as if it is a vision or is prophetic.