 I'm riding in the front seat of a car someone is driving. Bill Clinton is on the radio. He is talking about the state of things in New York. He says or implies that it's not something he wants to do, but as a last resort he declares Martial Law in the country. He may declare this just in New York. It affects me where I am. Martial Law means that, for the time, there are no laws! All the regular laws are suspended. It is, to some degree, a state of crisis. I'm excited and scared by this. There is potential for extensive damage, destruction, and suffering. Clinton recommends that we form civil squads, which I know are groups of civilians that have banded together for protection and other reasons. We pull into a McDonalds parking lot. Three of my Redding family aunts are sitting in the lot. I wave at them. It then seems I'm driving. I look for a place to park. I drive past a parking space, then backup and try to park there. As I do this, another car driven by a woman nears the space. I stick my middle finger up at the woman driving, to rudely let her know not to take my space. It is later. The man I'm with says we should look into getting more burgers for the night since Martial Law has been declared. I'm with my sister Heather and her friend at home. I tell Heather what Martial Law means. She is surprised and shocked. At one point I'm worried for my own safety and the security of my house and room. I'm on the phone with my mom. I'm talking while standing near a large body of water with a high tower or platform area that my brother Wally and my cousin Archie Weber jump off. My mom is then there. It's a bright sunny morning. Martial Law ended this morning at 6:00 or 7:00 am. My mom says that her sister Elaine Grains went to commit suicide this morning, but didn't go through with it. My dad is there, as is a man operating a boat. We all haul items, at one time carrots and fresh vegetables, across water in a slow and careful process. It takes a while because of the outboard motors and the shallow water. Later, the cargo is two baking pans. I'm in a wood shack near the water. It is a bathroom, but doesn't have the features of a bathroom, like a toilet or sink. I look in the rafters of this shack. I'm in a cottage with a group of people cleaning up after guests. There are moldy bagels there. The guests have left a lot of food in the refrigerator. I want to keep it and eat it. I'm in a hair salon. I see my grade school classmate Karen Kipp. I'm in a place where I see a mother and her two daughters eating sub sandwiches from Subway. At some point I seem to be in a donut shop as well. There is a storage room that I am shown, with others, where I try to fit myself with an appropriate length walking cane. There are televisions around the outer room. A group is gathering. Video games are connected to the televisions.