 I'm in the Big Resort Area. I walk with two people. It's winter. We're south of Eagle Lake and east of Trout Lake. I point out Trout Mountain as we walk: a snow covered peak off to our left. We'll have to walk back to Eagle Lake and then portage to Trout Lake. We walk on an ice and snow covered, plowed, road. On our left is a frozen lake with an ice fishing house on it, as well as other house and huts. We continue to walk north towards Eagle Lake. Cars drive by us on the road. I think this area has really been opened up for use, and I think it's dangerous that the roads are so icy and we're walking against oncoming cars. We continue to walk back towards our group. Our dog is with us. There are many dogs across the road from us. At first I think they may be Timberwolves, but they aren't. We go past several men on snowmobiles. I have a snowmobile then, and I cruise up to the group that is walking towards us. My high school teammate Ron Lind is in the group. He has long hair. I ask my friend Kevin Simpson where to go. We decide to go to Trout Lake. We're all at the public landing at Eagle Lake. It's a beautiful day. Kevin puts a spare key for his truck inside a key holder and places it in my jeans pocket. I think this is a good idea: we'll each have a key then. Kevin's watch says it's 8:30am. My watch says 10:30am. We're heading out with a group of people new to this area: rookies. I'm excited about our trip. I'm very anal retentive about the details of the trip, because I want everything to be perfect. I'm so picky I may detract from people's experience, and my own. I ask my high school classmate Tanya Simmons and another woman where they want to camp tonight: on an island or around here on the shore? They say it makes no difference, but Tanya seems to hint at the shore. I suggest an island because the breeze will keep the bugs away. Our goal is to make it to Trout Lake (on the first day?). I'm really excited about camping on Trout Lake. My friends Tim and Niles Zelling have a big red tent and a red tarp with. One of the women has a big puffy red sleeping bag with no stuff sack or cover for it. I say the one thing that we absolutely need is to stay dry! I make the woman walk down to Fishing Haven and buy some garbage bags. One shore, a man and his son are fishing. The boy, who is three or four, catches a nice smallmouth bass. The bass gets off the hook right near shore, and starts to flop and wriggle back into the water. My brother Wally is knee deep in the water. He grabs the fish as it tries to swim away. They have caught a two-headed fish: the bodies of two fish are connected at the tails. The fish is going to die. I try to revive it. It is a white platypus-like fish at one end and a smallmouth bass or a northern pike at the other end. I can't revive the fish. I think of getting my knife, to cut the tails and save one of the two fish, but they can't be revived. I'm meticulous and anal retentive about all the details and everyone's packing. I want everyone to have a good trip, and am looking out for those who haven't experienced this before. I realize I may be overbearing.