 I'm with several people. We start to sing songs with American and Australian accents. They sing a song I know. I don't sing along, but it seems like another American person I know does sing along: maybe my friend Niles Zelling. I walk with my friend Stephen Ramos and another man. I'm then crawling on my stomach on the ground. Approaching us is a man, and behind him is an older couple. I get up and walk when we pass them because I would feel embarrassed crawling by the man. I'm near the Uptown Theatre. The old couple is there; I talk with them. The man is wearing an akubra. I ask them, "Didn't I see you on the way home from Australia?" The man says yes: they were on the same plane as I. We talk briefly. I ask them how their holiday was. The man offers to take me hunting. I'm happy and surprised, and ask, "What do you hunt?" He answers, "Tobacco." I'm surprised by this, but will give it a try. I tell him I'll give him a call or stop by later: he only lives down Home Avenue in Oak Valley, just south of 2nd Street. I walk over to the movie theatre. I hold a rolled cigarette in my hand as I walk. I see my brother and his friend Mryle Madden, and greet them. Mryle is terse. He is three or four inches taller than I. He has a drink, but doesn't want to drink tonight, so I get his drink and consume most of his Screwdriver. I give it back to him, saying that the orange juice is sour. He agrees. I see my high school classmate Justin Michaels with a false razor blade cut on his left cheek and artificial blood on his face, in the triangular shape of pork chop side burns. I walk over to the movie ticket line. A woman who is above the line in a balcony-like area or on a roof, yells out to me that I'm going to throw up. I know this is asinine. I had one drink in a few seconds, and I hold a lot more alcohol than that before I get sick. I walk through the line to get up to a group of people I know, because one person waved at me earlier when I was standing next to Wally and Mryle. I carry liquid in a cup or bowl. I'm careful not to spill it. I walk past many familiar faces, including my high school classmate Helen Cullen. I see a person who looks like my childhood friend Helen Vader. I say to her, "Helen Vader?" She turns and acknowledges me: it's her. Behind her is her brother, Trevor, whom I haven't seen in many years. We shake hands. He is tall, and has put on weight. He ahs darker brown greasy hair, and glasses. Another woman there shakes my hand, and introduces herself as Helen Burger: a friend of mom's. We all talk. Someone comments about me coming to a movie by myself: they are impressed. I try to think of what movie to see; all the movies look unfamiliar to me. I see the title for a Simpson's movie, and I don't know if it's about the television cartoon family the Simpson's, but I go to it anyway. The movie begins like the television show. Homer Simpson is in the bathtub, and he puts Bart in charge for the day so he can masturbate with a bar of soap while in the tub. It seems to be me in the tub: I see myself there.