 I'm on a bus with a group of armed soldiers for military purposes. I'm a black man that looks like the character Dillon from the movie Predator. I, the black man, am called Hanson. At times I see this man, and at other times I feel his motion and move as him. I ask the man in front of him (I), who is Hanson, for weapons, because he (I) has (have) none. The man sitting in the seat next to me gives me a grenade launcher with a red laser bead scope and an automatic machine gun that looks like a rifle and has two triggers, about eight inches apart, on the stock. We ride. I drop one of my guns on the floor: it's a bumpy ride. I pick it up and am then more careful with the guns, putting the safety buttons on. We approach a man on our left. He is in a tree with a clay target thrower. He has five bright orange clay targets lined up, one by one, in the thrower. This seems to be the usual: we never do anything about it. But he usually only has one or two targets lined up, not five. This time when we pass a white man sitting a few seats in front of me stands up with an automatic rifle to shoot the targets. He waits until the trajectory of the targets is perpendicular to the length of the bus. At this time, the man in the tree flings five targets at once, and the soldier demolishes the line of targets with his rifle. Immediately we see the man throwing the targets is no longer there: he must be wounded, shit! We stop the bus and look around the area without getting off the bus. We can't see him or his body. This must be some kind of trick, and the man is our enemy. We are a hard-core military unit. We are in dense bush country. A woman is with us driving a small bulldozer. She clears the way for our bus to make the necessary turns. She clears a path through the jungle for our powerful, specially designed bus. We continue on. I'm riding in the bucket of a large yellow bulldozer that seems to be what the unit is then riding in. The bucket is raised high up and tilted so I can sit in it and not be seen. I may be able to help the unit as a spy by keeping a low profile here while the main unit rides below. I have the grenade launcher with me, and a gun below with the group. I accidentally drop the grenade launcher. I want to ask the others to hand me my other gun, but then I would expose my hiding spot. I pull two bananas out from the outside of the bucket, behind me. We approach a more elevated area with a trough-like waterslide in the ground that is slippery and muddy. We may be going by plane now as we approach this land. I use hand motions to direct the position of the vehicle to drop me. I indicate to slow down and get closer to the ground. I land, and am dropped off. I will try to rescue my unit from the spy type person that is a threat to us: he may be an assassin. I slide down the water slide, which turns to metal. It is very curvy, with overhangs in some places where people have hit their heads and seriously injured themselves. This slide may be named "Spiral". I slide on a banana, which makes me go faster. I know that I'm not the first person to experience the slide. I also know not very many people have experienced this. As I approach the bottom of the slide I seem to know or be told by a narrator that there will be water. I slide in slowly, trying to slow down so I don't get really wet, into a few inches of water. I'm in a laboratory-like area. There is a coffee lounge and several televisions. A teacher is there. It is an academic/research setting. Hanson says, "What the hell is going on here?", because he is expecting to find something more covert and militant. The teacher there has no idea what Hanson is talking about, and goes about his business with a cup of coffee or a snack. On one of the televisions an announcer says that "Hanson has brought the Lions to only three Super Bowls."