 I'm in an open field area with another person. Several vehicles pull into the driveway of the property where we are. We look at them and try to discern if they are Japanese. I think of shooting them from a long way off using a rifle with a scope. Inside a residence there is an insane man who talks nonsense. He has several attendants looking after him. He explains his statements, three or four of which seem contradictory. I use large orange or yellow garbage bags to "parachute" my way down stairs as I walk. The man, who is a convict, is locked in. Another woman and I lock the basement doors to keep him inside, and then we run upstairs, inside. I kick or slam a door very hard. Something about the convict is frightening. There is a plane outside with two ski-like apparatus' on the bottom, curved upwards. It takes off near the house and spins in circles as it flies close to the ground. It is a very maneuverable plane. It lands and takes off again, going through a wooded area over a tin shed. I hear the engines pick up as it does this. I'm at home in Oak Valley near my neighbors the Stein's driveway looking into a window in our home, which seems to be where our driveway is. I'm with another person. We spy in the dark. I have a shotgun. My uncle Dannie Redding and others inside see us. Dannie indicates this by pointing three of his fingers, since I'm with two people. The three of us split up and run. I go into the old garage door, just while Dannie, who is like my uncle Brian Vincent but is a different relative, comes out. We greet each other, though I was trying to avoid him, to spy. He picks up four wooden stakes and asks me for an onion. I look around, and after unloading the six bullets in my shotgun, point him in the direction of some homegrown onions. I go inside. My aunt Sherry Redding is there. I ask my brother Wally and my mom, who are cooking chicken for dinner, what time dinner will be ready. My mom says it will be done at 5:00 if they started at 4:30, which they did. The chicken is sliced and breaded.