 I'm outside Carter School near the south sidewalk by the gymnasium doors at a table with a 750mL bottle of beer. Another man is with me. He may leave. I look for a sytrofoam cup. Inside the gymnasium two acquaintances of mine, Toly and Mads, are playing guitar in a concert-like occasion. There is a party occurring inside. A security guard is near the gymnasium door, and the door to the outside. He's dressed in a blue police uniform with a funky, feathered hat, and has small, official writing on his uniform. I'm sitting at a table with others facing the sliding gymnasium door. A man brings some brownies with marijuana baked into them. They look like rice crispy bars. They are a darker shade, and have a chunk of chocolate or marshmallow on top. He has four of these brownies left. I ask him for one, entreating him half sarcastically and have seriously to let me have one. He seems to intend to eat all four himself. A strange drunk man approaches us from my right. He wants a brownie. We say that the brownies are not good for him, because he doesn't know they have marijuana in. He is persistent and asks why, in his drunkenness. I say to the drunk, "See these two guys here?", pointing to my friends Stephen Ramos and Kevin Simpson, who are on my left side. "They're my friends. It's their party. So get the fuck out." The drunk is out of control and isn't respecting other people's space. We fight. I pick him up by his face with both of my hands, as my fingers grip his skull and the inside of his mouth. He drools and spits a lot. I get saliva on me. I carry him outside. He is really intoxicated. I throw him out, despite his persistence. It's a long struggle. He takes quite a beating, but he stays out. I scoop up a couple handfuls of slushy snow off the steps and rub it on my face to wash off his saliva. I walk back inside to a group of people who know I've just thrown this man out. My acquaintance Nicolas, another man, and two friends that I know from Norway whom are wearing large puffy bright yellow jackets are there. Kevin and Stephen cheer me for kicking the stranger out and beating him up. My friend Ellen Sanders is there. I give her a big friendly joking shove.