I'm going to attend a school and must climb up the elaborate series of ladders to get to the classroom. I have a small girl with me. She is fearful of climbing and worried she will get lost. I say, "Here, I'll help you." First we go up four rungs, then step over to another ladder and go down a few rungs, then step over to another ladder and go up. We get quite high and I become very afraid that I will fall. I stop and am unable to continue on up. I ask for help. If someone would take the little girl and get her up to safety, maybe I can make it. Another woman is with me. A man comes from above and helps the girl. Then I make it up the rest of the way. Now we are told that that was just a test and we passed the classes, are not really up here and we won't have to do that climb again. So we get into an elevator and it starts going down very fast. I notice there are no control buttons. It's taking a long time. I am amazed. It's like we were going very deep, maybe to the center of the earth. Finally we arrive. It's a large hall with open classrooms off it. I pass several areas where mostly women students are doing things. I see a lecture going on where the students are manipulating things like in a lab. I see an ornate TV set and am amazed because back in this time there are no TV sets and I say, "Look, this is a man in a box," like I'd never seen TV before. Then we go to a sort of bar-like area and I go to the bar to register for my classes. Then I go outside where a swimming pool has been cleverly made out of Satellite parts. A man is searching the plants and a finds a space mold on one and he is very concerned. We are in a class system and this means something is not balanced and working right and will get worse if we don't correct the situation. He can't seem to get anyone else to be concerned and he sort of becomes an underground spy to try to correct the problem himself. I chase to help him. He and I are simpatico. Now I'm in a room and I have two Spanish-speaking roommates and it's time to get up and get dressed and go to school. I have some trouble choosing my clothes. Now I'm in a large spacious hall and a man is obsessed with love for a woman. But she won't return his love and feels pursued. He feels cold, calculating and intense. Very matter of factly, she keeps slipping away from him. Now I'm laying down sleeping and I am aware of a person standing next to me and I feel the crooked right forefinger of my mother gently touching my face. It feels very nice and sweet and I hope it's my mother and not this man. I wake up and I see "Ginny" and the man comes up to her. He's seated on a large thing and he would pick up her hand and place it on his head so she could caress her hair and she would remove it and he would put it back and so on. It is annoying and intense. I decide to help her and I sign up to her to turn and go down the stairs. She runs fast and I watch as the man, angry, runs after her. She turns suddenly and runs up another set of stairs. He comes up where I'm still standing. I signal her to go down the hall and get into a room quick. The man, at first fooled, comes up the stairs and I watch him and point in another direction. I hear a woman's voice down the hall and think it is Ginny and am concerned he will hear, but I look and it's some other woman talking on the show. He is fooled and goes the other way.