 I walk near a hospital parking lot with a woman who vaguely resembles my ex-girlfriend Annie Thomas. I leave my backpack and wallet behind. The wallet is sitting on a desk in the open. There is a security guard/policeman who checks the ID's of two men from Armstrong High School. He then sees my wallet on the desk and casually pulls my driver's license out. I see this as I walk away, and run back to the desk yelling at the man that it is illegal for him to do that. I get back and stand right next to him. I've caught him in the act. I assertively and loudly ask him, "It is illegal for you to go in my wallet when I'm not here, right?" He says yes, it's illegal. He says I'm dismissed. I say thanks. I have proven my point: the officer was wrong. I pat his left shoulder with my left hand, put my wallet in my pocket, and walk away. I walk with a woman in the parking lot looking for my dad's old gray car. My high school classmate Brett Ball is there. I'm embarrassed of the car we're looking for. We don't find it. My woman friend opens the back door of a car where people are. I run, to catch someone it seems. I run into the hospital, up stairs, down a hallway to the right, and down stairs. More people are chasing this person: everyone running and converging on him or her. I begin to run down a hall. Out of the left corner of my peripheral vision I catch a glimpse of a figure that has ducked into a room though an open doorway. I double back and go into the room. The person is hiding there. The person is a woman-like man or a man-like woman: androgynous. This person is wearing a hat over short, shaved hair. The person is then a woman, and explains her story of sex: How she seduced a young man to have sex with her ten times, and then moved on. It seems that she and the young man are the same person. I feel, and imagine having sex with this woman. I have an erection, which is bent. Someone receives fellatio. Urine and semen are secreted. I sit on a toilet and defecate pieces of feces.