 I'm in a phone booth about to call the cute brown-haired woman I saw on the chocolate factory tour. I look outside the booth and I see her, her blond-haired friend, and my friend Stephen Ramos. Stephen is a couple with the blond woman. Later, I know he is with woman number 279, which is now number 320. I walk over to them in a friendly manner. They're dressed nicely. The cute brown-haired woman is wearing a short skirt with a matching top and heeled open-faced shoes, all of which seem to be tan/orangish-brown. I notice she has braces. I don't mind this. She's very attractive. The four of us start to walk. I hold the cute woman's hand, then put my arm around her. She's very receptive, and holds my hand and puts her arm around me. I'm surprised at the ease with which we hit it off. She's obviously attracted to me, as I am to her. It's odd walking with my arm around her: not the most comfortable way to walk. But it's all right, and we continue. We're walking in snow then, going north on the west side of Home Avenue in Oak Valley, past my neighbors the Trammell's house. I see the brown station wagon in our driveway and know my mom is home. We get closer to our front steps. There is about three inches of fresh powder snow. I'm barefoot. I open the rear passenger side door of the station wagon, which is parked on Home Avenue facing south on the west side of the road. I climb in and grab my red and gray wool socks for my feet. We're all going to walk to a movie theatre. I ask the girls if they want me to grab them a pair of socks, since they're wearing none. They say no. We walk to the movie. I talk with Stephen about deer hunting. We're in a building about to walk south towards Jose Ramos' deer stand at the Ramos' property. The speed of a bullet must be programmed into a small electronic device on the wall before we start walking. Both of the women have cigarettes: they smoke. This doesn't seem too aversive to me: it seems to be something I could tolerate. I'm a bit past the building out in a pasture with cows. I have two lit cigarettes in my hands. I blow through them, not breathing in any of the smoke. I don't really want to smoke them, but they're not as aversive as I would expect them to be. My acquaintance Gordie is there, smoking. We walk to Jose's deer stand, then back along through the trees and forest. I'm watching a movie of a gunfight in which two men turn and face each other, about to fire. I've seen this movie before. One of the men is shot, but not by his opponent, but by another, miniature, man. He is shot several times. One man is shot in the eye, leaving a large hole there, like in the movie Terminator 2. The cute woman comes over and sits next to me. She is warm. I see a red scar on her belly. I'm happy to be with her: It's been a long time since I've had a sexual encounter. I talk giddily, nonsense. I want to say something because I feel good to be with her. I act goofy and say I'm always cold. We kiss. Immediately I can tell she is a good kisser. I try to kiss well. She sticks her tongue very far inside my mouth. I gag, and feel paralyzed, like I can't open or close my mouth. Her tongue is then her finger. I bite her finger, in what seems like a natural reaction because I couldn't breathe or move. I cut her finger with my teeth, I see, when she pulls it out of my mouth. It is a wide, deep, long cut on the side of her knuckle. I didn't mean to bite her.