 I'm in a large room playing tag with a group of people. The ghoul, or safety zone, is a wall: one can't be tagged "it" if they're touching a wall. I'm tagged. I crawl on the floor, giving people a slow count to ten to run away. A short Asian woman is there. She has chin length curly thick dark hair and is wearing lipstick. She is in distress. There is another taller woman there. The two women are standing in a room about 30 feet apart facing each other. The Asian woman is troubled because she is a woman: because she "has a vagina", she tells other women. The taller woman says, "I have a vagina too..." but there is an adjective the taller woman uses to describe her vagina that is different from the first woman. This adjective may be 'moister' or 'thinner', both meaning more sexually alluring. My classmate Theresa Jamison jokes that I'm a murderer of two people. The area is dark and seems stage-like. The Asian woman, who I think has been wearing a silver dress, is sleeping on the floor. I have a sword. I kill the woman by cutting the floor around her. The floor is a wooden grate-like vent. I cut the pieces of wood in between the holes of the vent. I kill this woman because her father would kill himself if he found out that she is a woman. She is dressed like a man. Blood from her heart drips onto the floor. Theresa jokes that I'm a killer, and will stab her in her sleep, and she will be too scared to scream. I approach Theresa, who is sleeping on a small blue loveseat. She is covered in blue blankets. I have the sword. I cut her several times, shallowly: about one inch deep. I have trouble manipulating the sword to make deep cuts. She awakens and realizes what she said is true: I'm stabbing her and she is too scared to scream. I inflict deeper wounds, stabbing her in the chest, killing her. Blood spurts on the knife I then have, and on the floor. The knife is 12-18 inches long, but isn't a sword. I move her body so it's back on the couch, fully in the sleeping position under the blankets. I think of concealing the body more by sliding it into the sizeable gap between the back of the couch and the couch cushions, but I don't. I know people will find the bodies in a few days and I want this. I don't want to hide the bodies. I'm conscious of my actions. I notice that a Michael Jackson CD is playing at a barely audible level from a CD player in the corner of the room. I need to shuffle the CD or stop it before I continue on. I walk into the kitchen at the Redding farm. It is dimly lit. It's very early morning. I'm wearing sunglasses. I take them off and can see a bit better then. There are several cats walking on the floor. I put the knife in the sink near the washer and dryer. The music is still playing very softly. I'm a murderer of two, as Theresa joked.