 I'm with my friends Gino Teavor and Patrick Bergman at the Railroad Company softball park in Oak Valley. We're hitting baseballs. Patrick is batting, standing in shallow left field hitting towards the backstop and the first baseline dugout. I only brought two tennis balls and two baseballs, so I walk out along the right field fence line to look for stray baseballs. I find five balls, and put them in my baseball glove to carry back. Patrick is hitting hard line drives. A few vehicles circle around and stop near the park. They are city vehicles: the men have come to tell us not to play on the field. I ask one of them men to see his bill showing the amendment that says we can't play here. He pulls out a sheet with his photograph and a bunch of signatures on it. I ask when it was passed, to see if it is in effect. He says it was passed on fifth. He then says, "In nine and a half minutes you should all go over to Chickenfeed, if you know what I'm saying." I understand him to mean that we have ten minutes to leave, of which a half-minute has already elapsed. Also, by going to Chickenfeed, which is a building near the Hill Lodge, we may play at a different place: it will allow us to keep playing. I think of Sundial Park and the Little League Park, trying to figure out what he could mean for a place to play. I don't understand where we could, but he's implying there's a way we can get around the law and play. A person arrives on a tall old white 10-speed bicycle. Another man arrives in a big white 4x4 truck. The two people are my classmates Bud Slick and Kory Reynolds. My classmates Mike Brimms and Jesse Dockens arrive. I tell them meekly that we can't play. I'm afraid of Mike: he's big, strong, and "cool", and I don't want to make him angry. Mike has a broken leg or arm, and is on crutches. Another kid is there: a pudgy kid with longer curly light colored hair. A parade of Carter School kids marches into Hill Park for the school picnic. There are three women by a toilet. Someone may take a photograph of them.