I am with a bunch of people who are friends or family, somewhere out at the edge of town or perhaps in the country. Across the road are fields - someone's working over there. Where I am is a kind of courtyard, it's largish and open - one side has an eave or awning over a walkway. There's an opening into another part of whatever this building is (up at the inside corner of the walkway-covered side). We've been doing something that was tough and hot and tiring. Earlier the people across the road had turned on a giant fan, and we had all cheered and clapped and jumped up and down. (I don't remember what we were doing at that time.) Something is happening to shrink a dog that I am with - I'm with part of these people, and one of them is James Garner (but not quite), and something dramatic is happening. I'm very worried about this dog - his body's getting smaller and smaller. (It seems to me that his head is not.) I'm asking him to jump up, and he does that, and licks on my face, and I hold on to him real tight. This is overcoming something, but I'm not sure what - I'm relieved that he can do this, or will do this, and I've gotta do something for him really quick. (The James Garner character) is encouraging me and patting me on the back and giving me support. We go through that opening, back to the outdoors, with this group of people. Suddenly we hear a noise, thundering - we look around, and from the back part of this courtyard, through another opening to an outdoors area, there comes this stampede/chase - what I think is happening is horses are being chased by some predator or other and there is a horse in the lead, big brown horse, looks lovely, and I'm saying, "Run, fella! Run! Run!" But what comes behind him is in fact deer, like proper forest deer. I don't see any predators like wolves or anything. They are moving at a pretty fast clip. They go around the courtyard and toward the left side, not straight across, and around the semicircle before they run off out of sight and they kick up a little dust. The people across the street turn the fans on again, and this is some cause for cheering again. (I think I've still got this dog in my hands - he seems to be sitting in a bucket - the bottom part bucket and the top part head - he is getting smaller.) Now, for some reason, I run around to the far side. There are bushes and things in the middle of this courtyard, some of which have thorns (and I don't know what it is that I'm running for), but I fall down and slide under one of the thorn-bushes. Nobody has seen me do this because they've all gone back through to the inside. When I come to rest I realize that I've got a buttful of thorns from the branches and some in my face; they're stuck there pretty good, and if I move I make it worse, which is scary and painful. I call for help - I call "Please come help me" - and at first no one hears me, but I try to call louder. I think somebody sees me through the opening and they're going to come, but in the meantime a car pulls up from the road, a convertible - very fast-looking Corvette type, and 2 boys get out - not real young, they may be college students or slightly older, nice young men, both very good-looking, wearing short-sleeved shirts. They see what's happened to me and come to the rescue right away. I didn't have to ask them and they didn't have to look around - nobody had to call for them. They just literally saw what was going on and came to help me. They start working with the branches, getting the thorns off me so I can move, especially getting them off my face. The worst part about my face is that if I try to turn my head the pressure gets worse and it hurts, a whole lot, and I keep my eyes squeezed real tight so I won't see anything and try to move my head. They haven't doctored it up or anything yet, but they've got me out of the brambles and so I'm just laying there flat.