 I'm in a partially open forested area high up in elevation. I'm on a walk with a group of Boy Scouts. I walk apart from the group. This is moose territory. We arrive at the huge dead tree we have been walking towards. It's dead but has leaves. It's hundreds of meters tall, at least 40 feet in diameter, and it shoots straight upward: a massive, cylindrical trunk! There are no leaves or branches below about 100 meters, like a eucalypt. I stand at the base of the tree and look up: the tree is immense: absolutely huge! Others in the group and I want to set up some kind of structure or habitat in this huge tree trunk. I see a notch cut around the tree, about a foot deep: just a scratch in a tree this big. We try to figure out how we can get up to the point high up on the trunk to begin our work. It is 90 meters to the base of the foliage. We only have 70 meters of rope. I see the dining room at home, and the metal hooks attached to the wooden ladder-like plant holder. I think if we can tie the rope between the hooks, or from hooks to stretch across the open space, then we'll be able to grapple our way out to the tree, like a tightrope. I see the immense tree bend and sway with the wind. The trunk cracks and falls. Huge triangular chunks of wood pour down like rain. They are about 10 feet tall and just as wide, and weigh tons. I take cover. They are parts of the tree. Two of our group members are at the base of the tree when these fall. I fear that they will be crushed by the immense chunks of wood, and I frantically look for them. The wood chunks are still unstable, and could roll over or shirt, easily crushing a human. I don't find the bodies of the two. I'm in the basement at home in Oak Valley. Fifty-gallon drum-shaped rock boulders drop from above me, all around. I am scared of being crushed and may take a way out, through the pit room. I think this may be a chain reaction: from falling tree chunks to boulders. In the basement I though the danger was gone, but it continued, and rocks fell near the base of the steps.