 I walk north on Park Avenue, from Main Street towards Hill Park, in Oak Valley. It seems I'm climbing a mountain. I comment on the few days that it's nice to walk around here: it has to be clean, calm, and sunny, in the early morning. I walk with one or more people. I grab a stick that is partially fallen and drag it along for a bit. We near the park and I see that people are setting up for the bazaar. There is a huge army green canvas tarp that is being set up and staked down to be a trampoline. The Blackstone family is helping with the setup. Their little girl is crying. I stop and note her crying. I feel guilty because when I was a child I treated these people badly. I'm down under the park pavilion. Many people are there: familiar faces. I see my high school classmate Mike Brimms, sitting to the north of the shelter, with his baseball team, who are all in uniform. I see my friend Emerald Reinhold. We make eye contact from a distance, but the passing crowd obscures it. I maintain my gaze in her direction, and when the people wander out of our line of sight, we make eye contact again. She smiles and waves, and I do too, giving her two thumbs up. I see our friend Jill Banks is with her. I wave and smile. Then I wander around mindlessly: nonchalantly avoiding them. I want to talk to them, but would prefer them to come to greet me, rather than I greeting them. Jill runs around the crowd over to me and we share a big hug. I pick her up, my arms locking down near her waist or butt. She is very light. We talk a bit. I tell her that last night I had a dream that I saw two of her that were exactly the same! She has a friend with her who is a tall woman with shoulder length straight blond hair. She has a small stud nose ring in her left nostril. She is very attractive, I think. She may be wearing a black blazer and seems to have an orange (the fruit) on her somewhere, or an orange is associated with her. She may have a piece of orange peel stuck to her face somewhere, which then falls off. I stand with them and talk. I'm wearing my maroon Nike shorts and my Redson 9th grade basketball t-shirt. Jill's friend comments on my hairiness; I see she sees my legs. I take this as a compliment: I like my hairiness. But I act standoffish, as if I don't know how to take her comment, saying, "Uhhhhh, Okay." As we talk, my high school crush Harmony Allure and her friend walk by, and catch my eye. They act as though they don't see me, and I don't acknowledge them. The pavilion is going to be used for Bingo. The announcer rhymes haphazardly on the microphone in a comical manner. His words don't quite rhyme, but he manipulates them in a humorous manner. The crowd and I laugh. I see that the announcer is Jake Truck. Jake has a black and gray beard. I'm jealous of the attention and affection that he gets in this role as announcer. I try to dismiss this feeling. There is an announcement for those in back to sit down, so all the people can see and the game can begin. I go and sit on the edge of a large black picnic table. I see my third grade teacher Liza Minikel carrying a baby. As people all crowd in to find a place to sit I slide down to the end of the bench. My friend Nate Nelling is at the other end. He yells at me saying, "Hanson, don't move down!" He doesn't want me to give up my space to these latecomers that are now crowding in. I see that Grandpa Redding is sitting in the middle of the bench, a few people down from me.