 I'm in a weight room with my old teammates Simon Naver and John Kulik. They are doing an exercise like upright rows. I somehow hurt John's feelings, am rude to him. He leaves feeling dejected and angry. I'm holding a barbell and John and Simon are holding the ends. I don't want them to do this, it annoys me. I shake the bar, jerking one end and then the other, freeing it from their grips. Simon lets go, and seems apologetic. As I jerk the bar, the right end hits the large mirror that is behind us, and leaves cracks that look like a spider web. I feel bad: I'm guilty. No one with authority is there, so I play it off as if it never happened, like I'm not responsible for the cracks. I use the barbell with two 25-pound plates on it. I try to military press the bar, standing up. I can't do it, trying several times, struggling, and failing to fully extend my arms above my head. I am alone in the corner of the weight room. I look out the windows and see trees. It seems to be the area near High and Old Avenues in Woodland, next to the river. There is a phone call for a person named Katie, from a woman. The woman is calling about a talk show. The woman works 2am-2pm, and says Katie should call her back after these hours. I see the broken glass is one small pane, of many, which comprise the large mirror. The pane is about 8" x 10", and is flexible. It has a magnet on the back to stick to the background. I think it may not be too expensive to replace. I'm on the curb of the south lane of Old Avenue near the river. I see a woman on the road in front of me. She's wearing an orangish-brownish-goldish bikini. She has huge breasts: at least an F or G cup. I say to her, "You have huge tits!" I grab her, move her to the ground, and say, "Let's fuck." We start to have a sexual encounter and I rub my penis between her breasts. She has had breast implants. There are two large, lumpy areas on her breasts that are purple or black in color. I slide my erection between her breasts and tell her to give me fellatio at the same time. She does. I near orgasm, and feel pre-ejaculatory fluid spurt out of my erection. She stops giving me fellatio: she doesn't want a mouthful of semen. I say, "No! Keep sucking!", and I start to masturbate to keep up the arousal. She starts to give me fellatio again. I'm very aroused and am experiencing much pleasure, very close to orgasm.