 I'm with the older Honduran man from Mountain Market. He talks to me, teaching me. I listen attentively to every word he says: I'm an eager student. We're like Carlos Casteneda and Juan Matos. We're near the ceiling. There may be some kind of a cylindrical structure there, possibly accompanying the teaching. I stand on something, which may be the white five-gallon plastic buckets, with covers, from Mountain Market, to get closer to him, in a final effort to understand his teachings. It is his time to go: to die or leave. Then, he is gone. I must follow him. I feel I must pursue him-not so much his physical body, but the whole person of him, and what he meant in my life. I lay in bed on my back. My right leg is bent at the knee, upwards. My left leg crosses my right leg: my left ankle resting on my right knee. I intend to will myself to go where this man is. I concentrate intensely, focusing all my energy. In some respects, I don't know what I'm doing, but I seem to have some sort of direction or knowledge that guides or directs me: an innate sense. I concentrate on moving. My body lifts up. I lean upwards and forwards. I see a pale image of my body separate from my physical body, which has not moved from the cross-legged position on the bed. My knees are a bit sore, and I think of the amount of time my physical body will be immobile: it will be uncomfortable to keep my knees still, but I disregard this. I continue to concentrate as my "soul" body separates from my physical body. I'm slightly surprised and amazed at what is happening, but am determined to continue the experience. I lift up out of my physical body on the bed. I stand, shakily. It's difficult to move. I'm a fledgling, a newborn: uncoordinated and weak. I steady myself and begin to walk, with increasing coordination. Then I realize I don't need to walk: I fly. I'm in an apartment. I fly through a doorway around the apartment, looking around. It is very neat. The walls are pink or coral in color. There is neat, modest furniture, very conservatively decorated. I want to see the man, because I know this is his realm. I will him to appear in one of two chairs with a small coffee-like table in between them. He does not appear. I realize that he is the apartment: that everything around me consists of him.