 I'm outside near buildings. I seem to be on a nearby rooftop, with many buildings around. There are people on the rooftops below me. One of them is a man throwing bottles into windows that are higher up on nearby buildings. The buildings begin to crumble, and the people leave, going up a ladder or stairway. I'm with my friend Sherman Andrews, standing on a rooftop. I say to him that one of us is going to be eliminated: is going to die. I say this very matter-of-factly, with not much competition. We both start to move to get out of the area. I jump down 20 or 30 feet off the roof. There seems to be a large cushion-like object nearby to jump on, but I don't do this. We enter a narrow stairway from one of the rooftops. I'm about 20 feet ahead of Sherman. He gets squeezed or caught in a door at the bottom of the stairs, but squirms through it. I know that I have Wilhelm Wundt's handgun. It has to do with the number five, like a five-shooter. It hangs on my belt over my right hip. I'm walking down a dark hallway, not seeing anything. I realize I'm dreaming. I continue to walk. My footsteps are very loud and resounding: my boots sound firm, strong, and hard; powerful! I try to focus my concentration to remain in the dream. I will the setting to be light, and a very bright light appears in front of me in the shape of a candle flame or almond. I walk towards this light. The light is then a yellowish circle with a smiley face in the center of it, like this:_. The smiley face has a curly moustache on it, like in the board game Monopoly. I'm nervous and edgy about this situation as a whole. I have my right hand on my gun, but don't draw it. I awake [false awakening] in an apartment or condominium-like building. I have the feeling I've been walking, and I wonder if I could have been sleepwalking. I'm in a different place. My mom seems to be there. I'm amazed by my dream. I rant and rave over it, saying, "Wow! Holy Shit! That was amazing!" There is another bed and person in this loft-like area where I am. I want to attract their attention and tell them about my dream. They do not respond. I reach for my dream journal and knock my pen onto the floor. I'm in a big chair-like structure and I seem to be off the ground a ways. I see the Ramos' blaze orange hunting hat in the house.