 I'm on a mountain or large hill. It is heavily wooded with hardwood deciduous trees. A truck approaches on a windy dirt road. In it are my friends Bubba Hacker and Kevin Simpson. There is smoke filling the cab and pouring out of the windows. I think the engine must be on fire. As they pass me I hope that they'll be okay, that their truck doesn't blow up. I walk, coming to a hilltop on one of the smaller hills. I walk down across a sandy dune-like area towards an office that seems to be the headquarters at a campground. I see two women walking there too. Inside the office there are a number of people. They are middle to old aged people and are simple. They are the kind of person who would work in a campground check-in all their life: not intellectually stimulated or educated. I walk into a game room like area. There are several people there playing games like foosball. The room is old. I imagine it to be a 70's-esque pastel green or light blue. A Bare Naked Ladies video is on television there, in cartoon form. My friend Niles Zelling is there. We both feel out of place in such mundane circumstances. He is near a foosball table where a woman is talking to him about the game: they may be about to play. There are five small dark-colored balls on the table in a line. The ball in the center has a dot on it. There may be one ball missing. The lady explains the game in her simple terms. It seems asinine that this woman is explaining foosball to Niles: of course he knows how to play. Yet her rules are different, as if her game is different. I'm with my friend Nat Miller and a middle-aged white woman. She is not unlike my boss Carly Lunch in appearance, but I imagine her to have a much softer voice, and she doesn't smoke. She and I have sex. Nat gives her cunnilingus while I grab and suck her breasts. This goes on a bit, and she nears orgasm. I'm standing naked with an erection, next to her. She is scantily clothed, and may have a shirt on. I approach her to have sex. I see that where I thought she was is a huge man: her husband! I play dumb, saying, "Oh my god, I'm naked!" The man is going to kick my ass! I manage to evade his wrath. I hit him in the groin a few times. A bit later a person or I hit him about ten times in the groin with pool balls, while the person only gets hit once. This should allow the person, who may be I, to have enough time to escape.