 I'm driving in a car in New South Wales. There are several people with me, and two teenage boys in the vehicle. We seem to be going north on the east side of Lake St. Clair. It is a bright sunny day, but brisk and crisp with a bit of snow. We go past a large mountain on our left. I say it must be Mount Olympus. We look at it in admiration as we pass. We drive shortly and a huge mountain comes into view, towering into the sky on our left. I say that must be Mount Olympus. I turn to the two younger boys and ask them if they know if that is Olympus. One of the boys glances at his map and says that it is. I'm in a car that is headed for a semi-mountainous area where we can hike. There are patches of snow on the ground: some snow cover. We pull into this area. There are three or four others in the group. My brother Wally is there. We get out of the car and walk. I carry two axes. We walk through several old wood garage buildings. There seem to be a man coming up behind us. He may be in a car. I'm in a restaurant-like place later in the day. I meet Wally and ask him what he did today. He tells me about several streams. We're standing on several wooden bridge-like structures over two smalls streams of water that are enclosed in trough-like structures. He tells me about the differences between the streams: color, etc. One may consist of Crappie feces, or have Crappies in it. We're in the front of the restaurant. There are two women serving us. One is next to us trying to sell us food, and another is back behind the counter fixing food. Our group gets an order of French fries: someone wants them. I don't want any food. The waitress is trying to sell us chicken salad sandwiches. The group, and Wally in particular, agree to get the sandwiches. This happens after some degree of confusion and lack of communication. We leave the restaurant. I'm with the group. Wally isn't there. We haven't seen him since arriving in the Salt Lake City valley. We seem to be outside Burger King in Grizzleton. Our vehicle is about an hour up the valley. Our task is now to get back to our car.