 I'm in a fancy old hotel. There is a rich woman there. She has a brochure of some sort: a piece of paper. This paper is moving from person to person across the world. The point is to see what kind of people will come in contact with the paper. The woman wants me to take the paper because I'm low class, because the paper will come into contact with all kinds of wealthy high class people on its journey, so giving it to me would keep the paper's journey in balance. I think this woman is full of crap. I leave, not taking the paper. I walk in the hotel. There are several different theatres in the hotel, each with different color front doors. This place seems to be like Las Vegas. There is a sign for a gambling room. As I walk towards it I see a blackjack table. I have not gone into the room yet: the doors are closed and I'm outside the room. The table is out in the open lobby area. A black woman with long dark hair is at the table dealing cards, apparently to herself. I enter the gambling room to take a look at the poker table in particular, but also just to look around. It's fairly dark. There are some pool and other recreation tables, and a couple slot machines. I wander over to a table that I think is poker. There are several men around the table, playing what I see is pool. One of them immediately asks me to play with teams. They are playing for money. I'm leery of this, and I say, "I don't know, I'm not very good..." I look in my pocket and pull the change out. I have $1.50 in quarters, a penny, and a nickel. It costs $36 to play a game. They seem to include me though I don't have money. One of the men on the other team starts playing and puts in five balls consecutively, easily. My partner and I are then out. My partner is a not very good either, maybe not even as good as me: another chump they rounded up as well. We have not played, and have not paid to play. We were in, and now are out. It feels no different, if not a bit relieving that I won't have to do anything. I walk out of the room. There is a very old vending machine with a pastel blue or green front. Nachos cost 59 cents in this machine. A small sign says the machine is closed.