 I'm on a farm with two men my age that may be my friends. The farm has the layout of the Redding farm. The barn is there. We approach a group of birds. We're hunting the birds east of the barn near the big hay shed. I slow as we get closer so I can load my .22 caliber rifle and fire early at the birds, which are crows. Most of the crows fly away. I'm on the second level of the barn. We're planning on shooting some of the birds from the small door opening. I load the clip for my .22. The bullets I have gotten are from my old housemate in New South Wales. Some of the bullets are too thick or too long for the clip. I load three or four rounds into the clip. We're going to shoot crows, owls, and other birds. My friend Kevin Simpson is there. A large brown owl is just outside the barn door opening. Kevin grabs it and kills it with his hands and a screwdriver. I have verbally prompted him to do this. There is a man that sees us. He is outside the barn standing a ways off, in the direction of the birds. He yells at us for intending to, or actually killing, the birds. He reminds me of David Hale from the University of Wellington. He has long brown hair. He starts up towards the bran to confront us. We need to flee. I tell the two others to go ahead: I'll catch up. I may say this so I have time to fire a shot and still get away. We flee. We go through the barn on different levels, in stair and corners. I climb in the rafters of one level to hide in a place that I think is a good spot. I lay flat in the rafters. There is a light bulb below me attached to the underside of the rafters. I see my shadow projected onto the floor, even though it should be on the ceiling considering the position of the bulb and myself. I must move, so that when the man comes in to look for us he doesn't see my shadow on the floor. In the route we take as we flee there is a dead grandma lying on the floor. We need to step over the decaying clump of a woman. There is a book there that is either written by or about Bob Mould.