 I'm in the passenger seat of my dad's brown Ford Taurus. My dad is driving. We seem to be coming from home in Oak Valley. We drive north on Home Avenue down the hill. We get to the bottom of the hill and turn right on 3rd Street. As we do a red compact station wagon turns onto Home Avenue, going by us. I see a young man driving it, waving at us. I see it is my friend John Thomas. He puts his car in reverse and backs up, approaching the side of our car while waving. I want my dad to slow down, not sure if John is waving to say hi or if he needs something. John is then driving forward, following us. My dad slows and pulls off to the side of the road, saying he's going to pull over on 3rd Street near the police station. He thinks the police station is still on Bauer Avenue in back of Jefferson School. I tell him that the police station isn't there any more. I'm annoyed, confused, and angry with him for not pulling over right away. He speeds up, doing almost 50 miles per hour, which makes me even angrier because now he's prone to getting a speeding ticket. He seems to be glad that things are speeded up. John has speeded up, following us. We quickly approach a fenced in area with chain link fence gates. My dad drives right through the gates, speeding. There is nothing in the fenced in area. It is unused, like a vacant lot with a few puddles and leaves. We speed though the fences. We pass a few people, maybe including an Asian man, around the wreckage of a car. A police siren wails in the distance in front of us. I think for sure we'll get a ticket. My dad slows down. As the police car approaches us it goes by us to the scene of the accident. My dad has been spared a ticket. There may be another police car going to the scene of the accident. I'm standing with dad nearby. There are two other men with knives. One is closer to us than the other. The one that is further away throws his knife, which sticks in the ground a short ways away from me. The men are challenging us to a fight. I pick up the knife and mock the men, saying it's dull. I do this after rubbing my finger across the back of the blade near the handle. I then realize that this is not part of the blade, and that the actual blade is very sharp! One of the men is Chuck Norris. We fight, eventually all four of us are fighting together. They are very good fighters, and use their skills to make us immobile, by pinching a nerve or poking a precise area of our bodies. They have specific fighting knowledge and tactics. We subdue them. We go into a barn. This seems to have something to do with releasing or disposing of the men we've captured. There is a ledge in or near the barn. Below the ledge the ground is covered with uncooked pasta noodles on one side and seafood on the other side. There are food piles covering the ground. I know that the pasta area is the _ Ocean, whereas the seafood area is the Asian/Indian Ocean. Either I push the two men into this, or they fall because they are beaten and tired. Then I'm in this area without the men. I hear someone coming on the ledge above and I hide. It is the men, and they are physically okay, and following me. I try to evade them, climbing and scurrying around. I hang from a ledge and moving by "walking" with my hands. I escape the grasping hand of one of the men. I get to a window in the barn to jump out. It is high up: 30 feet or more. I hang and jump, seeing if my training has paid off: if I can sustain the fall. (What training, I do not know.) It has paid off. I know that I take the fall in many ways, but I don't experience it more than once. As I fall I do several dances: the Rice Walk, the Combo, and the Swag. I land solidly and feel strong. The land is tan and dusty around the barn where the fight was. There may be a group of women about 100 yards from the barn, as if to cheerlead.