 I'm alone at the Whitman house. I go downstairs. It's cold. It's morning. The back door is open and just the screen door is keeping the heat in. The radiator is on. This is not very good insulation: I feel the heat escaping on the outside of the house. I'm inside near the stereo. I seem to be with a woman who is submissive, or to whom I act very dominant or aggressive. I take two ice cubes from the ice cube tray at the top of the freezer to use in our sex. I hear a faint noise and see a flicker of color reflecting in the main windows. I walk over to the living room and see that the television is on. I think this is strange because I don't think I left it on and no one else is home. I shut it off and go upstairs. I see the light in my housemate Norman Norman's room is on, though I know this to be my housemate Hank Anderson's room. I enter my room and find Norman there. I give him fellatio, and his penis becomes erect. I tell him to turn over, and I rub an ice cube on his anus, which flares out like layers of a blossoming flower, like a vagina. He thinks this is odd. I look over and see my door is open. I try to shut it but it won't stay closed. Hank is in his room, and as far as I know is unsuspecting of this behavior. Norman may think Hank knows. Our sex ends. Norman is in the bathroom wrapped in a towel, about to take a shower. I go in and start to give him fellatio while he is standing there. He still has partial erection. I suck hard. I'm kneeling, and I may urinate into the toilet while performing fellatio. In a short time he says, "____ ____ oh please stop it.", which tells me his is in the ever-so-sensitive period at and after ejaculation. I slow and am lighter with my sucking motions. We have locked the door. Norman ejaculates into my mouth. The semen tastes warm and salty. He comments, "God, Kenneth", indicating that I'm good at giving fellatio. I feel nauseated from the semen. I spit it in the bathtub and take a drink of the running shower water to rinse my mouth.