I have acquired a large mansion with extensive lawns and gardens of a formal nature. I am well dressed, slim and trim, in black patent leather heels, black skirt and a purple and black flowered halter top with spaghetti straps. I look out over the vast lawn and see African dancers. I am surprised they aren't Native American like I'm used to, but realize things move on and this must be honored as well. I go out to dance with them, but stay on the outskirts of the huge circle of dancers, being careful not to be disrespectful and intrusive, but wanting to be a part of it all. I dance South American calypso kinds of steps. After that, I decide to go see how the man I've hired to clean up and weed the garden area is doing. He's been there two days now and I think I owe him $75.00 by now. I go to the garden and he's got lots of area cleaned out. The plants look like large lettuce leaves all closely grown together. Then a woman asks where the door is, and I turn and look at the house. I see where the door was and go around the house to the left and find a door. I go in to see what's inside this new shop; nothing much. I figured out it's a lunch counter, but so new the menu isn't up yet. I see Ellie eating a sort of thing like a taco/hotdog. I ask her to come over and help me retie my left strap on my halter. It's two straps that had been tied together but she chooses to tie each one separately. It seems to work. I go outside to find the gardener man to pay up my $75.00. He wants a written receipt and I say, "I have lots of paper, no problem." Only as I pick them up, each sheet has some scribbles or notes or lists on them. I can't find a fully blank sheet. I offer one with only a few scribbles on it (like Charla's drawings), but he refuses; it must be blank. Then I realize if I'm going to keep this vast lawn area kept up, I will have to hire a gardener full time or it will all become overgrown and wild. I look up to the windows in my mansion. I think, "It's too bad don't have very much money or furniture, but if I carefully place things at the window, I can still manage to enjoy the view of my huge lawn and garden."