 I'm with my classmate Fred Potter outside a field house-like area. Fred has a gun. Crows fly overhead. I urge Fred to shoot them. He fires several shots and hits one. I run through a partially combined cornfield to where I think the crow fell. The crow flutters and falters, but continues flying. It flies at Fred, squawking and angry with Fred for shooting it. Fred yells for me to, "Get center___ (get centered?)", which is something that will help him get rid of the crow attacking him. He is out of shotgun shells, so I run to get one. I run back. The crow is on the ground, dead. I have a gun with a scope, and am standing with several others in the same area. Loons fly overhead. I whirl my gun around; the others duck. I don't fire. Planes fly overhead. I know we're near the Thru Highway, on the west side of the divided highway, going south, near Superhighway 100. The plane zooms in, and I think they must be landing at Powerton, not going all the way to Metropolis. They are big planes: normal size passenger aircraft. I see or am at a large plane whose cargo is being unloaded. There are many pallets and large box structures to be lifted out by a huge forklift that is controlled by hand, using a joystick. I'm then on the back of a flatbed truck. The bed is full of bottles and cans of pop, can bales, and other beverage items. It is very heavy. Machines move, load, and unload the items. I squish up against the back of the cab so a fast moving pallet or forklift doesn't crush me. The truck is then moving. I'm in the back of a pickup-size truck with walls around its bed. A naked man and several women leaning up against the cab are there. The man or I may urinate out of the moving truck. The naked man then holds the ankles of Adam Sandler, who is now in back of the truck as well. He does this so Adam Sandler can urinate out of the back of the truck without falling out or it. Adam then turns and urinates on a woman in front of him, jokingly. She is sitting up against the cab with her knees to her chest. She kicks and spreads her legs out; her lower body is naked. She urinates back onto Adam Sandler, who is still standing there.