 I'm at Brimson. I see my friend Fran Susse and a man I don't know well. He is 45 minutes late for the crew team's spring break trip. Fran is a crew team leader. She is trying to use her key to unlock a glass gate. Her key won't fit the lock. The crew boats are all loaded, I see. I tell them that I have a key to the Science Hall, and can let them in. I'm actually not sure that my key will work: it's a holiday, and door locks may have been changed. I'm in an airport. I see my friend Holly Lapson, who is coming back to Brimson after a very short Christmas break to take a test. She is wearing headphones, and doesn't seem happy. I talk to her, and am concerned about her. Something bad has happened to a friend of hers. I feel sympathy for her, and want to talk with her. She is not very loquacious. I see my friend Melanie McDyss, who is leaving. She is wearing makeup. I'm in a hurry, but up to this point have not overtly rushed. Now, I start to move quicker. I'm carrying three bags for my friend Esther Thurman. They're not huge, and they are light: I can carry them all right. I also carry a plastic cartridge, about 3x5 or 5x7. I get to the terminal. I need to find a flight departure screen to see if Esther's flight has left yet. There are many computer screens around, like video games. I need to find a particular computer named stigmat, sigmalon, or something like stigma. I look at many computers before I find it. I kneel down to insert the cartridge into the computer. This cartridge will produce a message on the computer from Esther about a departure. I man named Joel that I recognize from Babe Ruth baseball a long time ago walks by, recognizes me, and says hi. I say hi back. I insert the cartridge and attend to the screen. I push button A, and then realize this is wrong, and will cause some unimportant message to come up. I quickly press button B to get the important information. A screen appears that says the flight is now boarding! I should hurry! There is a message from Esther on the screen, saying something like "You go girl...". I grab my backpack off a luggage carousel and run! I try to find the gate, which is 23, 27, or 28. I'm frantic! I go the wrong way down a hallway. I realize this and realize where the main hallway to the gates is: back the other way. I turn around and run. I jump off a staircase, over a railing, over the railing of an adjacent staircase, and land on another staircase.