 I'm at the Brimson post office. I have set my gray jacket, hat, and gloves down near the office. Later, I can't find my jacket and see that it's hanging inside the post office on a coat rack behind the mailboxes. I ask a man who works there if I can get my jacket. The office is closed. He has come around the other way when he heard me knocking. He is not cooperative, and tells me that I can't get my jacket. I get angry! I raise my voice and explain my situation to him. I lie and say that I just put my jacket down for a moment to check my mail, and when I returned it was gone and everything was locked up! Actually, my jacket had been there for a while, but I think that it makes no difference if it was there a minute or longer. I'm angry, and my words convey my disdain for what has happened, and that I want it to be corrected immediately! The man goes into the back and gets my jacket and returns it to me. I'm outside the post office window. A male student with a guitar is there. Something is wrong with the guitar: the man can't play it. I get the guitar. My classmate Fred Potter is there with us. Fred plays guitar. I walk towards the Science Hall strumming the guitar. I don't really know how to play, but it's fun walking and strumming. It's an attention-getter. As I walk I notice that many of the people I pass look like each other, like they are in pairs. I realize that it is twin day, like a twin prospective freshman day. I enter the Science Hall with the guitar. Outside it is a nice warm sunny day: T-shirt weather. When I enter I encounter a group of my friends, including Niles Zelling, Nat Miller, Hilary Nano, and others. They're sitting in a group. I join them. I've been strumming one particular chord all the way here. Niles has a guitar. He plays, and I play chords. I don't play well: my chords sound off, but it's no big deal. It's fun. The strings on my guitar are very loose, and need to be changed. I feel very good having this guitar: happy-go-lucky, free, and lively.