High school friend Dora and I are talking about my upcoming connection with Willie. I am going to have some kind of relationship with him and she is warmly encouraging me. She says, "He really loves you." I say, "But I don't love him." I hasten to add, "I like him a lot, but I don't love him." I go to meet him and we talk. Now it is the wedding ceremony. I wear a straight 1920's kind of gown and a long veil. There are rows and rows of people seated (see drawing in dreambook). The two center rows are for family and are canopied. We walk all around the seated people. At one point, both Willie and I walk with my limp and a cane in precision, I matching my cane thumps to his, my left foot turned out. Later, we walk ceremoniously and slowly. As we get to the corner, to proceed down the center aisle, I lose Willie in the crowd as he went ahead and I'm not sure which way to go. I then choose the right one (the main one) and we reconnect, going the full length of the aisle to the front. At the left in the front row are my "parents" and Granddad Lloyd. We turn to face them and ceremoniously kiss them (the parents). Then we turn to the other side, where we kiss his parents (who aren't there) and a picture of a baby who died long ago whose name is B (Berta, Bertha or something like that). She was Dora's and Willie's baby. Now the ceremony is over and the dancing begins. Willie and I dance for hours. Now he is tired and I lead him off to the side. He asks for a glass of water, some specific kind of water he always drinks, "authenticated, hard" (like a mineral water). His sister, "Peggy Sue" (really Sonja), comes by and tiredly takes my coat off my back and puts it over his head like a tent. She's done this millions of times and resents it or believes it's only indulging him. I waft air at him and give him the glass of water. Later, he is in a tiny "room," our honeymoon hotel room, only its all still at this place where we got married. It is clear he and I won't have sexual relations. He'll discreetly continue his sexual relationship with Dora.