I had some sort of report that it was very important for me to give to our family doctor, an elderly man whom, incidentally, I do not like. I looked out of the living room window and saw him driving slowly by in a car with two other people, a man and a woman. I ran out to him with several papers (my report--it seemed as though it was some sort of progress report on my own condition) in my hand and caught up with him a few doors down the street. I felt very kindly toward him, and very glad to see him, just the opposite as I should feel in real life. The man with him in the car was a man who lives in my neighborhood and whom I have seen many times, but whom I do not know by name. He is older than I am, but I do not think he is thirty yet. The woman was no one I knew, and she was not familiar to me in the dream. It seemed as though the man knew me very well, but I was quite surprised to find him so cordial and interested in me when I didn't even know his name. He sat very close to the old lady with him, and once said something affectionate to her and kissed her, at which she giggled. At first, I thought this most unusual that so young a man should be with an old woman, but no more I had thought that when I "realized" that it must be his mother. I was very satisfied with that explanation. Then the doctor started to drive the car in the opposite direction from where it had been facing, and about two doors down from my house on the other side, I saw several people coming out. First, was a girl whom I recognized as a girl I went to junior high school with, who had been a very good friend of mine. It didn't look like her, but I knew that it was she. Then a young man came out, following her to the car, and I thought he looked vaguely familiar, concluding that it was J--, the boy L-- had a crush on in Junior high school. I wondered whether she had finally been successful in winning him, and projecting forward in some way, asked someone later about it who told me that they were now married, after many troubles and separations. I felt very pleased about this, and remarked about it to my companions. I felt as though my faith had been restored in human nature. 