I decided to get married so I did. That was just the way it happened, almost as though one minute I was single and the next married. Then I began to have qualms about what I had done so impetuously. I thought, "But I don't even know this man. Here we are married, I'll have to live with him the rest of my life, and what if I find out he's not what I want in a mate?" Then I thought, "I can get a quick divorce because we were just married, and no one need ever know". Then I decided nobly, "No, you've done this thing and it's up to you to make a go of it. In a few years you'll get acquainted and you can learn to love him". (Reminds me of the things I have read repeatedly in the lovelorn columns of the newspapers. That's usually the kind of advice they dole out.) Then the man came into the picture. He wasn't bad looking and seemed to be a nice enough person, although he doesn't remind me of anyone. I don't know how I happened to choose him to marry. He seemed almost to not even be aware of our marriage, and to care less. He took the attitude, "Well, we're married, and I suppose we'll have to stay that way--this is your show, so you call it. What do we do now?" That was beginning to worry me, too. I thought what will people say when they find out about this? They will expect us to act married, and I can't act married with this man I don't even know. I remember in the beginning of the dream noticing that I had on a cheap engagement ring. It was silver. I thought people might think it was platinum, but anyhow I was glad he had been nice enough to get a sterling silver one. It had been nice on his part since, of course, since he didn't particularly care for me he had not morally been obligated to do anything like that for me. Now the ring had become a plain wedding ring. I remember that we had a conversation concerning our situation. He smirked good-naturedly in an I-don't-care way, and let me know that if I wanted to act married, he'd go along with it, and if I didn't he didn't care either. I practiced calling him affectionate names like "honey", but I felt very foolish and uncomfortable doing it. He treated me in the same affectionate way. I was full of remorse for having been so eager, but I thought, well he's a good guy, maybe we can work it out. 