I was coming home from work with two people. One was an older woman whom I believe is somewhere in her fifties, a very active person who, somehow, always seems to me much like my mother. The other person seemed to have been another of my co-workers (the older woman being a woman with whom I work at a department store), although I never did actually establish who it was. It seems to me as though it was supposed to be a boy acquaintance of mine, someone with whom I used to go to school a number of years ago and whom I haven't seen for several months because of the fact that he is in the navy. He is about six months younger than I am. As we came out of the store I was aware of the definite need not to look directly at this third person. I thought, "I don't want to give him the satisfaction that I am being eager." When we got outside, we boarded a conveyance: a sort of flat cart on wheels drawn by a horse and driven by a coachman seated high in front. The older woman and I got on one side, and the other person, who I almost subconsciously sensed to be this boy, got on the other side, with his back to ours. I again was very careful not to turn around so that he wouldn't think that I was looking at him. I thought, "It certainly will be wonderful to tell everyone when I get home that I actually rode in one of these things." For this brief instant it seemed that we were in a strange city or country. Then I began to feel uneasy about getting home. We had to sit very carefully so that we didn't get jarred off the cart as it bumped down a steep hill. All of a sudden the woman jumped off, saying, "Oh, my goodness I must have forgotten my glasses. I'll have to go back to get them I can't see a thing without them." And she began to search through her pockets in a distressed manner while following the slowly moving cart down the street. I had a sinking feeling at the thought of having to turn back to retrieve the glasses, and sort of hoped that she would go back alone if she had to get them. But she didn't--she was running along behind, trying to catch up with the wagon, although it was going very slowly. Incidentally, I'm sure she had her glasses on, I remember noticing them, but just didn't feel like telling her, I guess. I figured if she said she forgot them, then she did. Another thing I remember was wondering, shortly after we got on, how we would manage the matter of the fare--concluding that we would undoubtedly each pay a part of it. 