I was with my family and some friends in a car parked across the street from the little church I used to attend. We had been somewhere and were on the way home, but why we parked there, I don't know. The general atmosphere in the car seemed to be strictly inharmonious. I was out of sorts because I was the only one there without a date, and I sat slouched down in the corner of the front seat. My mother, father, older sister were there, together with several couples of my friends whom I am unable to identify. It seems there were some dishes down in our church basement which I had mentioned a dislike for at one time. I had mentioned this unthinkingly in a casual manner to a character with whom I had gone out several times. He is a couple of years older than I am and has a friend of the same age who acts as his stooge, humoring along his boorish tendencies, and laughing at his jokes: generally, stooging for him, although he's a little less ignorant. All of a sudden, I saw this fellow, together with his stooge and the latter's wife (he's not married really, and the man in the dream didn't look like him, but I knew it was he), come out of the church basement carrying piles of these dishes and laughing loudly and hysterically. They crossed the street and came over in front of our car. Then my "friend" started to put on his act. He would hold out a dish at arm's length and with a deliberate gesture, drop it on the ground and let it break. He had different ways of breaking them. Some he dropped in this fashion and others he crushed in his hands, still others he tossed in fancy ways before he let them break. I was utterly revolted that he could think up such a thoroughly stupid thing to do. I was completely disgusted, and tried to pretend that I didn't see him so that he would go away. I think the other people in the car were amused, and laughed every once in a while. He laughed hysterically as he performed, calling, "Look -- look!" I slouched down further in the corner of the seat, but I couldn't help smiling every once in a while. I don't know why because I certainly didn't think he was funny. 