I'm trying to take my pills and I have a handful and sort them carefully. It's past time to take them. I see tracks driving down the river. There are two forks and they take the long way around. The water is up high on the wheel hub. There is construction and they are stopped when they try to get up on the road. They telephone to a woman to get better info on how long it will take. Now the construction delay is a hotel with a Ronald Coleman type owner and a gypsy woman pulls up in a circus car (a car with a carnival ride in it). She thinks if the two of them work together, they can keep people entertained and make money, turn the delay into profit. He agrees, so her troupe goes on stage and dances and sings. A woman is at the top of the waterfall hiding from the audience's view, ready to do her act. Now I'm her and I slide down the water and do a backward, graceful flip in a circle, and dance on down. The audience isn't all that impressed. The owner flicks the house lights on and off to stop the show. It's not working. There's only a few patrons in the audience, way off to the right. Now I'm the owner's lovely, gowned, jeweled and sophisticated fiance. He's got two TV remote controls and doesn't know which button to push. I try to explain. He tries them. I have an idea: we should make this a dance, not a show. I invite the audience to the ballroom. I'll play the piano and the Cary Grant type gypsy owner will add accompaniment with the musicians. I go to the ballroom and some follow. I sit at the piano and play a beautiful classical piece. A drummer and so on join me. Then we improvise a reggae piece. Then I'm playing a dance number. Lots of people are dancing. It's a success. Another woman comes over to spell me. I want to wait until the end of the song, but she places her fingers on the chord and begins. I stop playing and then she goofs up and that annoys me. But I now go looking for Cary Grant. I see the dancing people having a good time. I go into a bar lounge and see Cary coming out of a bathroom. He'd been helping a little boy. I think that's sweet. Then I go back into the ballroom and he's seated on the sidelines waiting for me. I walk over to him; we are going to dance.