I am in my house cleaning up my bedroom. It's a mess. Ellie is following me around. Charla is also there. I look at their hair, wondering if Charla still has lice. I see Ellie's hair is cut very short (like a dyke lesbian's hair cut). Charla's is also cut short, like a pageboy cut. I see red sores on her head. Her hair is thin. I don't want to touch her. I give away a big box on my table stand next to my bed to Ellie's friend. I take three or four empty tape cassette boxes out of it first. There is dust on everything. I go into another room and feel something in my right ear. I pull on it. It's a dental floss string. I pull and pull. I can feel it inside my head. There is lots of ear wax on the string. I wonder how I managed to have left dental floss in my ear, but at last I'm getting my ear cleaned! The floss sticks to the wall and bits of dead leaves stick to it. I'm back in the bedroom and I look out the window and say to Ellie, "Look, here's lots of wood bits I can use." I see shingles and pallets, etc. stacked up outside. I start to leave the room and Ellie says, "But then we won't be together" (or won't be able to talk), and I say, "Well, then, you can come with me." She follows me as I go from room to room. I had remembered I had more rooms and was surprised now to see I really did have more. This is good news. I can get three or more roommates and make lots of money and get lots of help. Then I wonder whose rooms these used to be and if I could rent them out. Some of them had their things still in them. These rooms are spacious, nice and clean. My old bedroom is ugly, cluttered and old (see drawing in dream book). I see a fat woman and her kids cleaning one bedroom. I see lots of makeup jars and things on a dresser all dusted and tidy. I wonder out loud who cleaned this and how she's going to get paid. This concerns the woman who did it and thinks I'm to pay for it. In the next room I exclaim, "Oh, look! A washer." I won't have to use the old one outside and wonder if I should use this one. It really isn't mine. In the next room I see a closet filled with pretty little dresses, shiny satin material, shades of blue, sequined halter tops and I really like these dresses and wish I could wear them, but they would not fit. They are for a small, petite, slim person. I see a door and open it, and see the dining room table all laid out. I shut the door and see a small card on the wall. It's printed and says "Compliments should (or) sound Dwight." He's the one that owns the dresses and stuff. I think, "There should be a comma between sound and Dwight." I assumed Dwight is his first name. The next room has a refrigerator. I open it and smell the odor of a fridge left too long and see a few food items like butter. Each room had a made bed in it. Blue bedspreads (blue and white like the one Bonnie gave me).