I'm living in a very interesting apartment on top of a little building in the middle of town (probably a very small town) - it's got several rooms and was quite cheap for the space. Actually I'm living with somebody else, and also the other person's younger brother. I'm not sure who's temporary here - I think he's looking for a job and just staying for a while, but it might be me. I've only recently broken up with My ex, and I'm storing some of his stuff for him. [Actually, I don't see any actual evidence of anyone else in this place - all the furniture seems to be mine.] The others are gone off this morning, and I'm poking around, wearing a pink satiny nightgown and robe set, short - I'm a normal size - and I go from the back through to the living room. Has a lot of nice antique pieces, but doesn't look "done". Then I go back to this middle room where there's no furniture, but some extra plants that are just stored here. One of them is a kind of tree that's been growing a lot, and needs a new pot rather badly. It's been in a small black plastic one, and as I handle it, it falls out. I fiddle with it some to see how it'll stand up and what sort of pot it might need, and I think I'll go look round the corner. There's an alcove (this place is a lot like an attic) where some odds and ends are "stored" (they're just sitting out) that either I don't have a place for or they're My ex's. I haven't looked over here much lately, I've come to sort of turn a blind eye, and now that I'm looking, I'm surprised. There's a few bits of furniture and some ceramic urns and figurines, and also here's a stack of glasses, tumblers, rather fancy ones with a shaped bottom and gold/red trim. Then there's some others I see nearby, just as I'm thinking, "Gee, I could have used these at the Christmas party and wouldn't have to buy plastic ones at all" - I'd forgotten all about them. Most of this stuff I'd gotten at garage sales. I'm looking at a tall urn, narrow, white porcelain with flowers on, that might be good for the plant. I'm wondering if it's heavy enough not to be knocked over. I reach for its top and lift, not looking directly at it, and I'm surprised it's so light until I look and see it's a small urn I've got, it was inside the bigger one. I lift the bigger one and find it's quite heavy after all - good. On my way back to the other room I find a brochure lying on a couch that's on the opposite wall - it's for this auction or estate sale of My ex's other, larger, furniture, which is elsewhere. I sit down to look at it, but it's still too dark to read, so I stand up and switch on the overhead light. Just then, I hear something at the door. Someone's coming in, probably the younger brother - he's probably forgotten something. I have that traditional reaction of not wanting to be seen, so I decide to hide. I switch off the light again, gambling that he isn't far enough into the room to see it go off, then quickly step through into my bedroom. I pause, then decide to go all the way outside on the terrace/roof. (There's some plants and furniture out there, and also gravel rooftop. You can see the town around the building, a little urban setting - looks somewhat 50's - and if people on the street are looking up, they can see you.) I hide around the edge of the door, listening. There is some movement nearby, but it turns out to be Tree - he just comes out through the door, looking very elegant. He's just been in a TV commercial, advertising some recordings, I think - I remember some blurb written about him, in the papers or TV Guide, maybe, about how he's the "finest illustration of Bure, ('somebody', and 'somebody')" there's ever been, this is just great. I think it's very sweet and funny. My Tree, a TV star. Great.