I am in a very huge and luxurious house. It's my parents (and our) new house. I am going from room to room, looking at each one, admiring how nice they are. First, I see my parents' bedroom. It's very nice, with skylights and modern furniture. Right next to it is a recreation room, with games and refrigerators. I go upstairs and find Dwight's room. It's spacious. I think maybe I'd like this one rather than the one next to my parents'. I'd feel uncomfortable sleeping next to their room like I'd hear them making love or something. Dwight (who looks like Jack Lemmon) and I look out the window. "Look, we even have a swimming pool." "Yeah, but it's got dirty water in it." "We could fill it up." It's long and narrow and only half filled with muddy water. "So, if we're so rich, where are the tennis courts?" I joke. I see a huge cement slab. "That's our neighbor's land," I say, "but look at his car." "What kind is it?" asks Dwight. "It has no nose," I say. Dwight laughs at my clue. "Then it must be a Volkswagen bus," he says. I say, "Look over there. It's got wings." We see a yellow VW bug with fenders converted to look like those 1950's fins on cars. I see lots of books on shelves in another room. Maybe I'd like that room. My mother (young, maybe in her 30's) thinks I should stay with my original bedroom because it's on the ground floor and I wouldn't have to struggle with stairs and get tired. Then she reconsiders. After all, if we are rich enough to get this house and all the nice things in it, then we can afford a stair lift so I could get to any place I wanted. We then go to an "outside" room (like over a garage with an outdoor entrance). It's my bedroom, she says. I look around and see tables and chairs set up for a party with streamers and so on. I look at a man smiling at me and realize he's the professional party giver and he's giving me the party meant for Linda W. I point out it's the wrong party. He apologizes and goes away. I look around the "suite," (see drawing in dream book). I see a small sitting room in Victorian dark woods and red velvet wall paper. I like that. I see an accessible bathroom. I look back in my bedroom and see a slim, narrow single bed (blue colors). I think, "I want more than that." I see a double bed. I then decide I want a room to have fun in and a small separate room just for comfortable sleeping with a small toilet room very close to the bed so I won't have to walk far when it's painful. I see it there and I'm pleased. Now, a man comes up the stairs toward my room and wants to talk to my mother. He is suggesting we expand the garage to accommodate more cars in the future. I say to my mother, "Don't let him nickel and dime us to death," (or my mother says, "I knew they would try to nickel and dime us..."). I walk with him to the garage and he says, "See, you may get more cars," and I say, "If we do, we can crowd them in or park them differently or build a carport roof to extend." He goes away. Now I'm going down the driveway and a car passes us and I see Sherry Lady in the passenger side and I say, "Oh, it's the ____ family coming to visit." My mother tries to turn the car so we can go back and greet them. Now I'm in the back seat of Sherry's car as her husband turns the car and Sherry is very upset at him coming so close to the cliff edge. He knows he's safe because he can see better from his vantage point. Sherry is scared and nagging at him to be careful (like my mother, Grandma Mildred, and me). Then, they (we) are driving toward our house and I see a car/truck drive into a pond. Sherry says something about, "Oh! Guilt!" like guilt is "___" something. I feel sorry for her daughter who has to grow up with this biased and unhealthy view of the world.