A married couple lives in a house and Jennifer H lives with them. I sort of am Paulina sometimes, but most of the time I am an observer following her around. Paulina knows there's going to be trouble because the husband is beginning to be attracted to her. She asks me to call Lucy so she can get advice. I have a phone receiver at each ear and am listening to Lucy and Paulina talk. I hear someone pick up an extension and realize the wife is listening in and hope she hasn't heard enough to give it all away. She comes into the room and I hang up the phones. The husband comes into the room and the wife leaves. I have on thigh high black nylons and I show him a dress I've bought that is very short and sexy. He likes it. I put it back in the box and Paulina/me stands to walk out of the room. She is dressed in a simple black wool dress that accents her small waist and slim figure. A kick pleat at the back calls attention to her legs. She's wearing black high heels. The husband is very attracted. Paulina walks out of the room, mincing on the high heels like a Hollywood starlet. I follow her. As she walks down a hall, a good-looking young man sees her and follows her, attracted. She hears boogie woogie music and is going in search of the music to dance. She is sidetracked somehow in a dark hall that has a series of glass tanks like for reptiles or fish. People are in the bottom tank, trapped. She watches as they dig up to the top layer tank, but it has fish and water in it, no oxygen, so they dig further to the next bottom tank and then up. This time there is a black poisonous snake in the top tank and oxygen. A man standing next to me on my left is also watching. He casually picks up the snake to hold it while the people break through into the snake's tank. I say, "Be careful!! He's very poisonous." The man is not at all concerned and holds it like a pet and lets it writhe around his hand and arm, only carelessly paying attention to where the head is. Then the snake tries to bite the boot of the man and hits the floor with drops and a shooting spray of the white poison. "See," I say, "Look out." The man ignores me. The snake is sheathed from neck to tail in segments of cloth that serve as bandages. but are almost like clothes. The people manage to get to the oxygen so I leave and now see Paulina bouncing down the hall to the music. She almost passes the door where they are taking tickets. She hurries in and I follow. She goes across the room past an empty, carpeted dance floor where young collegiate guys are hanging out, and sits. As I reach where she is, I see she's changed her mind and has gone to sit in the middle on rows of chairs. She sits and lays two coats on the empty chairs to her right. The young man who followed her sits in a row in front of those two chairs with the coats. I sit on one of the coats next to Paulina. Now the dance instructor is there and she's talking the us and she nonchalantly takes all her clothes off as she lectures. Everyone is very shocked. I am queasy because I see her breasts and the nipples are sliced off. The red part is very large and where the nipples should be is a cavernous hole like in a thunder egg. It made me hurt just looking at it. Her body is not particularly pretty and the young college men are shocked and not too thrilled. She says that the body is a natural thing and should be treated that way; hence, she does not wear clothes.