Paulina is sitting on a young man's lap and he points to my breasts and says to her in a cold voice, "Do you want these?" Paulina looks at me and then at him and he repeats the question, contemptuously. She isn't particularly interested, but the feeling is that she is beginning to realize she's a lesbian. Then the man says, "You disgust me," in harsh tones and points to my breast. I look and realize it is hanging out of my swim suit and is old, shrunken, with a nasty rash on it. I am embarrassed and shamed. I tuck it back in saying, "I need a new swim suit." Now, I am in bed with Howard and another woman. I am in the middle. We are all sleeping. It is late at night after a party and in his dorm room. We are naked. I sleep pointed toward him, laying on my stomach, almost like I was hinting he could approach me, but pretending I was just sleeping. He sleeps. He gets up and leaves. I turn my body so it is pointing to the sleeping woman. I feel funny about that and change my position. She leaves. I am alone and I see two college men with mop buckets and brooms open the door. They have clean-up duty in the dorm, and when they see me they quickly close the door. I continue to lie there. I know that they are plotting to come in and rape me because if I am naked in the bed in a men's dorm, I must be a loose woman and up for grabs. They come back in grinning broadly and evilly, pretending to mop and clean. I pick up the small, old-fashioned black phone and dial 911, just in case. Ethan's voice comes on the line announcing some place of business. I put my finger on the phone to break the connection but talk like I'm calling 911. The men decide to leave. I quickly get up, finding my bra on the side table. I look in the mirror and see I'm still dressed, except I don't have my bra on. so I carry it. I go into the small bathroom to brush my teeth with Howard's brush and use Howard's hair pick. My hair is wet like I'd showered and I pick at it to try and dry it some. I'm in a hurry and anxious. I hear little boys singing outside the window, "Whore, whore, whore." I see the wooden shutter is partly open and I try to hook the eye hook lock on both sides. It is hard. Then I leave. As I open the door to the hall, lots of college men are mopping the floor and I step quickly over the wet spots and hurry out. They all look after me like I'm a whore and they'd attack me if they had a chance.