I am at "school" or "work." I go into a room and Jerome is there. I see small kittens and recognize them as offspring of Merlin the cat. I comment that, "It feels good to have a male cat because when he has kittens, they aren't my responsibility. It's Jerome that is stuck with the kittens." I pick one up and pet it. It's very cute. Jerome is busy and leaves. I lay down in his bed to sleep. I realize that I am on my period and I've gotten blood all over the sheets. I am embarrassed and don't want Jerome to find out, so I pull off the sheets to wash them. I find a small sheep skin and stuff in there too. I take it all to wash. I go down the hall to find the washers. A man I don't like says he's been transferred to another school. I smile and say, "Good for you. Congratulations." He says, "I'm surprised you're so pleasant, I didn't think you liked me." I didn't have the courage to say I don't. "I'm just glad you're leaving." I feel surprise because he's aware that I don't like him. I go into the room with the washer and dryer. I put the things in and now I think I only need to dry them. Bonnie is around and I want her advice. I go to take the stuff out of the machine and pull out my top hat from B's Follies, and 12 baby booties. There are some other things too. I go back and put the clean sheets on his bed and hope he won't notice. I start to leave. Only as I get to the door of the building, Jerome walks up and says, "Hi." He goes into his room and I walk down the sidewalk, hoping to get away. Jerome calls after me and I stop. I am aware that I am dressed very nicely, a yellow suit and nylons. Jerome has figured out I did that and is now wanting to go out with me. He suggests we go for a drive in his sports car. I don't want to. He's married and I didn't do his sheets so he would like me, I did them to hide my wrong doing, but I get in the car anyway. It's very low to the ground and I say, "I hope I can get out again." I'm in the passenger side and as we go, I notice it's hard to see up and over the dashboard. Jerome is very suave and flirty. Now I'm in the back seat and high school friend Dora is in the front next to Jerome. He calls her Betty, twice. We stop at a Mexican restaurant. I groan because I don't like Mexican food; It's too spicy. He says they have rooms in the basement, meaning a motel like place and I can see the handwriting on the wall. I don't want to have an affair with him, but I go in anyway.