I'm in a car filled to the brim with relatives, I am amazed we can fit so many in the car. Everyone gets out, except me and the baby. I am annoyed because it is Aunt Rosalie's baby and now I have to take care of it. I hope she comes back soon. It crawls out and I have to retrieve it back into the car. Later, I watch a young blonde woman taking care of her baby. It is rambunctious and tries the mother's patience, but I am impressed with how patient and kind the young mother is. She talks soothingly and is aware the baby is just doing what it's supposed to do and she lays near it so she can keep it out of trouble as it explores its world. Now I see the skyline of Paris. I see the palace, the Eiffel Tower and a third thing (a landmark). I point this out to a taxi driver. I try to say "palace" and realize I mean "museum." I say "meuseo," like in French. He gets it. I'm a tourist and I'm going sightseeing. Now I am inside the old T City house showing the girls where my Grandmother Mildred raised her children, my past. The rooms are all changed and more spacious and modern and I keep pointing out to the girls that it wasn't this good when I lived there. The girls seem unimpressed. "Three bedrooms," they say. But, I say, "There were nine people and one of the bedrooms was added on later." We look in one bedroom. I wonder what kind of bed will be there. It is a pretty, brass frame double bed with yellow and white ruffly bedspread. Oh, this is Doreen's room that had been renovated for her more modern tastes. I had expected to see a single, plain bed. We go to the kitchen. In the hall before the kitchen I look in an open closet space and notice it's empty now. That's where they kept the dead, like the baby. In the kitchen, I look around for the current caretaker of this place. I see four sinks and think, "Just like in a dream, repetition." I see a pantry. I can't get back out because the stove and a cabinet have slid together. I say, "How do I get out?" One of my girls pushes them apart and we get through. I see a letter I had written the caretaker from Paris, telling them we'd be here on this date to see the old place. I wonder where they are and decide they left to give us time and space to review the past alone. Now I go outside and it's a huge dune at the beach. I walk up it very laboriously, sliding down a lot. I make it to the top only to see a huge dune sand worm (like in DUNE movie) rearing up. I turn and slide down the dune in terror. It chases me. I bury myself in the sand so it won't see me, at first fully under the sand but can't breathe, so I unbury my face.