I am in a big house where my detective dad Nick Nolte and my mother and I live. We are upstairs (reminds me a bit of Canton house). My father is asking me what I am doing. "I am cleaning up my room," I say, trying to please him. I fold up sheets and a bedspread. I put the pile on the bed, which is actually his and my mother's. Before he can say anything, I tell him I am only temporarily laying them there. I'm not just moving things around and making new piles. He waits. I hand him the pile and he starts to put them up on the shelf in a closet. My hand gets stuck in the folds of the bedspread and I'm being stretched up as he reaches. "Hey, hey, my hand," I say several times. He realizes and releases me. Then I pick up a pile of ashtrays near the bed. "Do you still smoke?" I ask. He says, "Of course not." I pick them all up and then decide to leave one small one for my mother because she hasn't stopped smoking. The ashtrays are a beautiful red glass. I ask Dad about his most interesting case he solved. He doesn't want to encourage me, but he does tell about one called Tom who would slap his leg a particular way that gave him away. I listened carefully. Then I look down the hall and see Tom with a gun at the head of Dad's partner. My father says to me, "Get back in there and whatever you do, don't try to be a detective." I should just do whatever he says. I go back in, but peek out. My father is gone, but this Tom is rounding up lots of people. I am surprised to see my Grandma Agnes and her husband. I am upset; she's an old woman and sick. Too bad he's bothering her. I creep down the hall and watch as he takes the group into another room. I hear the clicks of the gun being fired at this man's head, but I guess there are no bullets because nothing happens. I think, "Why don't these people all rush him, a man with out bullets?" But they are all afraid to be the first. Then Tom demands my sister Lydia cut some paper for him with scissors and I hear the same click from the scissors and realize he does have bullets. I remember an attic crawl-way and I sneak back into the bedroom and up into the attic. It's dark and I wonder if I remembered to bring food or anything because I'll be there for days. I quietly creep to where I can look down and see him. I am trying to wait for an opportunity to strike and get the gun.