There is a team, a male writer and a female photographer. They travel around doing important news assignments. They are very good and I admire them. As luck would have it, the female isn't there anymore, maybe sick or busy, and so I get to be a substitute for her temporarily. I feel honored and inferior. I hope I am capable and worthy of this. He wears a brown suit and is good-looking. He says on Monday night, we have to dress up. "A long dress?" I ask. He says, "Yes, black dress." I think, "I didn't pack anything pretty and formal." Then I decide that I did, but it's red. "Will a red dress do?" I ask. He pauses. A red dress in a sea of black dresses will be conspicuous, but he smiles and says, "Why not?" Then I wonder if I can do my hair so it will look good. Then I decide I can. So we travel and he sees that I am talented and more and more we become a team. I write and he writes and it all works well together. He gets on a bike and starts to go to an assignment up a hill. As I watch him, I think, "This is amazing. This all feels so real and yet it is just a dream." I experience how real it feels. He then stops and turns and dashes back to me as fast as he can go, swooshing in next to me, all excited because he's realized that I am wonderful and he loves me. He tells me this and we hug. Now he's in jeans and tee-shirt, has black hair, and black framed glasses. I am lying down and when he and I embrace, I feel a pain in the genital area. He says he put cardboard there so he'd look and feel like he had a bigger penis. As we hug, I feel so happy to be connected with him and then I say, "I'll probably wake up hugging a pillow. This is after all, just a dream." He starts shaking and I say, "Shock. It's shock, adrenaline." I pat his leg reassuringly and wait. He moves away and lays on the edge of the couch back on his belly and shakes. I wait. Then Toni comes in with the baby. She has bathed it and it is crying. I say, "Here, let me hold it." I pick it up and hold the naked baby in its blanket. It calms down. Ginny is seated on another couch looking at some of my plants. The color looks yellow on one of them. Toni comes over and picks one plant up, pulling it out by the roots. Ginny is shocked and says, "No, don't do that." Toni says, "It's ok. This is a plant my sister gave me. Its different." She moves it through the air across the top of the planter and magic dust comes out of it and then a bunch of white daisies spring up and they are quite beautiful. I am interested in watching this.