I dreamed I was working in a hospital for the mentally ill. The dream was not definite on this point, but I believe I was working there and the doctors asked me to pretend that I was a patient to get some information about one of the women patients. I did this. We were in a ward. A large room with pillars in it and it had a marble floor. I was in a regular hospital bed next to the bed of the woman I was to observe. Her bed was similar to mine, except that hers had a cage-like affair over it so she couldn't get out. There was a trap door on it and it was of wooden posts with copper screening over all. We were talking and I was frightened at being a patient in such a place and petrified of this woman. She was pale and had large, boring eyes and stringy brown hair. She spoke to me and confided in me and I sympathized with her. I pretended I was a mental case, too, and told her I wished I were dead. Then, I saw her strong, powerful arms reach up and open the trap door on the cage over her bed. She said she'd take care of my body after I was dead. I knew she was going to strangle me. I wanted to scream but couldn't. My fear was overpowering. Then, I saw a nurse coming towards me (this nurse I recognized as the receptionist nurse I work with). The woman's (patient's) hands closed the trap door and she got back into her bed. Then, I fell back on my bed, my heart was pounding and I was weak. I wanted to cry. This nurse (who didn't wear a cap) and another nurse (unknown to me) wheeled my bed out and into another room. They said I had a one o'clock patient that I had to give an electroencephalogram test--then after I gave the test, I was to go back to the ward and keep pretending I was a patient. I was terrified. I said if that woman patient should see me in uniform and recognize me as a worker not a patient she'd kill me (I knew she'd strangle me) I became almost hysterical. What would I do? Then the dream ended as the 2 nurses wheeled my bed back to the ward. I was to stay there till one o'clock--time to do the test, etc. When I was back in the ward, I was weak and frightened. I lay there, opened my eyes and saw the woman staring at me, her eyes boring into me, suspicion written on her face and I lost all hope. I knew she'd kill me. 