Howard and I are going for a drive in the woods in my van. He's tired. It's an eastern (state) forest road with all hills and dirt. I see a huge geode with beautiful crystals in it way up high in a tree on the right. I say, "Oh, look!" Howard missed it. I ask him to stop and turn around. He does. We are at the end of the road and driving among the trees. He turns and we go back. We look as we drive past and I say, "Let's go see if there are some small shards that have fallen where we can get some." He agrees and looks for a place to turn as the road we are back on is so narrow. I place my left hand back on the seat behind his head and I'm aware of his head touching my hand and realize it's quite pleasant to have gentle contact with him. He moves his head away like it annoyed him. I'm sorry the connection got broken. We stop at a very steep part of the road as he thinks about whether or not we'll tip over if we go down it. I offer to drive, but I don't want to. We go down and are OK and I see a space wide enough to turn in. I see two women walking on the road and we follow. Now we're walking and my knee hurts. Howard has a headache. We walk down lots of wooden steps and I think, "No wonder my knee hurts." The two women are ahead of us with other tourists. I see that Wayne K of the community college is ahead directing a musical group to sing. He's at a door and says, "I lead a band of swing." The women introduce themselves and I turn surprised to Howard who is now Dwight. I say, "Did she say Sanders?" She had. I go up to her and say, "I'm Sanders and this is my brother, Dwight Sanders." She says, "Are you related to the Carolina Sanders?" (There brother James is also there.) I say, "Yes," and I recite the family line from my Uncle Willis's book. I tell of Francis and Ohio and Virginia to Carolina and then coming from England as indentured servants and horse thieves. They are excited and one woman whispers a question. I can't hear it and ask her to repeat it three or four times and then she goes away. I feel frustrated and embarrassed that I couldn't hear it.