I am in a sort of house/hotel and sharing a bedroom with a girl child and Darryl. My parents' room is down the hall. Darryl is in bed with me. I want to hug him and I do so. There is hesitancy in both of us. Then he says, "I want to make love to you." It's OK now. I am glad and start to kiss him. I wonder if I should insist upon a rubber in case of AIDS. He gets up to go to the bathroom before we start making love. He returns and I go next. I go to the bathroom, saying to myself, "It's OK, I'm really awake and can pee." I then decide to brush my teeth a bit to get rid of bad breath. I choose not to put fresh toothpaste on the brush and do a complete job because I'd taste too much of toothpaste, so I brush with what was left on the brush. Then, I'm trying to wash a spot off my face, but the soap is making larger and more abundant spots. I think, "That is odd." I then go back into the bedroom. He is seated on the edge of the bed and I kneel in front of him, hugging him and kissing him repeatedly on his face. He says I'm cold and distant. I am a bit angry and say it's him that has always been cold and distant. I worry about the little girl and hope she's asleep. I get up to go out and get my camera and now Darryl and I are in a car. Nobody's really driving. It's like a bus I guess. I look up and see a line of people holding on to each other and stretching across the empty air from one tall building across the street to another tall building and I'm amazed at the skill to do that. It must be the way they hold their arms with each other that makes it work. I see several lines do that. I am excited about the visual interest and grab my camera and try to take pictures. It's very pretty. We go back to the room and I somehow have realized that Darryl has spent the last twenty years being a prostitute and he never told me and never even considered using a rubber to protect me from AIDS. And if we had made love, I'd have put myself in jeopardy. I am angry. He coolly denies it. Now there are lots of people in the room and I take my things and leave the room to them. I walk out down the hall and I'm in a large lobby room or something and a boy has been tied up and hung up by his feet on some blobby thing, and I realized the bad guys were going to harm him. I go to the rescue and fight off several people by poking them. They retreat fairly easily.