I am at Total Mobility to get my wheelchair fixed. They quote me $250. I agree and get out of the chair. I follow Merle into an elevator and he says I should stick with him or I will get lost. There are stairways and places I could take a wrong turn. He's walking, sort of, now too. We get to the top floor and see Bonnie, who is taking classes at the University where we are. She goes on her way. I now follow Merle to a stairwell, looking for the elevator, but can't find it. I end up in a room where a couple of workers are. They show me my wheelchair and I say, "Wait, where are my extenders?" (for the foot pedals, only I am looking for tip rods or extended brake levers). They have misplaced them and now sort of look around in confusion, not trying very hard. I get annoyed, and start walking around, looking for them. I see my old chair and start to take my things out of a fanny pack on the side arm. Then I want to take the fanny pack off too. I have trouble, so this guy comes up to help. I am now standing next to a good-looking man in his forties. He has beautiful blue eyes, wrinkles on his face and wears workman jeans. He stands close to me, smiling, and he tries to stand taller. He's a few inches taller than I am, which pleases me. I like a man that height. As we chit chat, he holds my hand and I smile like a teenager in love. We talk about wheelchair games and other wheelchair people and how good they are at athletics. Even when he needs to do some detail work, he holds my hand. I don't want to break the connection. The other co-workers are looking at us askance. They are surprised and grinning. Merle shows up again to lead me back. I reluctantly let go of Nathan's hand. We part and I follow Merle, aware of Nathan watching as I walk well, seeming not to need a wheelchair. There is no elevator, so Merle says, "Go this way, but be careful of swinging things that could hit your head." "What?" I exclaim, "...then I won't go that way." I try to see my way out but decide I'd try the other way instead. I look in and see he means a series of metal things in triangular shapes on a conveyor belt. There is steam there as well, and it is close to where I enter the door. I hesitate, watching, and then ducking in, holding my hand up to protect my face. After I'm in, I see there is no more danger and I walk to a stack of boxes I slide down like they are giant stairs. I'm pretty adept and agile and hope Nathan is watching. Merle is jealous. I ask Merle about Nathan, saying, "He seems like a nice guy." Merle mumbles something and I ask him to repeat it three or four times. I finally figure out he said, "Nathan has just joined the gay community." "Just my luck," I mutter, feeling ripped off. I find my chair among many others and ask for the bill. They say $450. "What?" I ask frustrated. They shrug and wait. I say, "You quoted me $250." They shuffle and look embarrassed. I am angry. They did it to me again; they snookered me in. I wait, feeling like a turd for insisting they give the tires at the price they quoted me. After all, they did so much work, but I'm feeling it is unfair to me. I hold my ground and they mumble, "OK, then give it to her for the quoted price."