I am a boy and I'm running. Someone is after me and will hurt me. I and my smaller brother hop up on the canvas roof of a passing truck and hang on tight. The man sees us there. Now I see us on the roof and the driver is deliberately unloosing the canvas top. It slips loose and I fall off the moving truck, sort of like in slow motion, as I prepare to take the fall. I know it will hurt and maybe kill me. I hit the sidewalk and crumble up. I am a woman now and I lie there calling, "Someone call 911. I need a doctor." Several women rush up concerned and I ask them to call a doctor. They run around, unhelpful. Finally they come and take me to the hospital (the other boy was hanging on to the truck for dear life and may be hurt later). They put me on a table and the doctor comes in and the nurses, and they see me and say, "Her heart is deformed and too small. This will be trouble." I tell them they will also have trouble with my throat. A nurse points to my genitals and says they will be taken care of. Oh, before I get into the hospital I am being rushed down the sidewalk on a stretcher thing and I see Ginny and her "man" and I say to him, "I will never forgive you. I am very angry." He looks at her and she says, "I wouldn't touch that with a ten foot pole. I'll wait till she's awake." I wonder what she thought I meant. Now I wake up from the surgery. I am furious. and very injured. They've "fixed my genitals" by either cutting them out, or sewing them up; no fucking. I barely have a memory. It's a miracle I can even talk, and that with effort. Now there is a family dinner and I come to be seen by the relatives. My "father," a sort of mobster type, is grinning at me and saying, "Now what was it you were saying about incest? Didn't you say I was your first when you were a baby?" He went on to tell other secrets like they were lies I had made up. I sit there, nearly paralyzed and angry. I see the doctor in the operating room with all that equipment and the nurse comes in and says, "I had trouble with the Number 235. It was a small device that fit into a small hole." He nods.