I am driving at night and pull over on a sidewalk and park. I get in the back seat and rest, eating something, maybe a sandwich. After a while, I get nervous or I throw something into the front seat and then realize I need to go get it. I crawl over into the driver's side and realize the car motor is running and I left it on. I wonder why I did that and if sitting there that long with monoxide fumes was bad. Since I'm now in the front seat, I slip on my shoes and decide to drive back home. There is a line of parked bicycles in front of me and I look in the rear view mirror to see if any are behind me because I don't want to run over any. I start to back up. I now realize I'm on a side road next to a freeway, I can see the car headlights passing by. So I am backing up and have trouble seeing out the back mirrors. It's a narrow gravel road near a river and I hope I don't go over the edge into the river. At one pint I am turning and see I've gotten right to the edge and my motor dies. I grab the wheel and yank it back the way I'd been and narrowly escape going over the embankment. So I continue to back up, trying hard to see the road. The car is hard to stop and I use the brakes and barely keep it from going too fast. Now I'm going down hill. I use the brakes and it isn't enough, so I put it in reverse. It finally stops and I see I'm at a place where I can turn around and drive front ways. I do so. Now I'm on the freeway, but I'm on a bicycle. It's 2 or 3 in the morning and no one is out there. I think, "This is foolish to be out there all alone." Now a black car with no lights is pacing me. This feels ominous. I have trouble seeing where the road is and the edge of the road. The car falls back. No other lights are seen and I wonder if I'm still on the freeway, perhaps a side two-lane highway. Now a man gets out of the car and is walking up to me. I try to ignore him. He wants to talk. I'm worried he's going to rape me or hurt me. I keep going. He wears a dark coat. He says, "I'm a writer." I say, "So am I," hoping to discourage him from asking me to read his work. Then he pulls out two guns and says, "I have two guns." I take them and feel their weight; they seem light like they are fake and I toss them into the bushes. Now he's mad at me. I show him I have a gun too. "Where did you get that?" he asks. He digs in the bushes for his guns, which are easy to find as I didn't throw them hard. I keep walking. I see the lights of a small town ahead and am relieved. I look for a sign that says Police Station. I see one and turn to go there. The man goes into a store/gas station. I stop at another gas station where three men are standing around. I ask one where the police station is and he points and says, "Over there." I say, "Where?" He decides to take me. I wonder if the man is robbing the other station.