I am at Ernie and Ginny's house for a visit. They are busy with Boy Scout stuff. Rigo is selling buttons and has a wooden cabinet full of little drawers with cute buttons in them. I reminisce that I used to have buttons, two big cabinets full. I start to look through them so I can choose some to give as gifts and buy them from Rigo. Then we are getting ready for some picnic event. Ginny hands me a baggie with two hamburger buns in it. Ernie keeps popping in and out and it is a joke or contest to figure out where he is before he sneaks up and scares me. He's hard to keep up with. I peek out a window and smile and wave, because I see him. I follow his progress as he hides and then pops out. I am keeping up. I go to a window and open it and lean out. Now Ernie has on a clown suit, chef outfit, a big red shirt, a huge ballooning apron, funny shoes. I laugh. Then I see another man, a neighbor, wearing the same outfit in blue and laugh and laugh at them. Ernie grins and goes to the ocean and sort of hops and dances around. I keep my eye on him and then I've lost him. I turn and "Fox," a beautiful silver-colored dog/wolf rushes toward me and growls a wild challenge. He was supposed to stay in, but I wasn't about to stop him and he leaps out the window and runs. Ginny comes up and leans out the window and I look and see tables with lots of people sitting to eat the hamburgers the clown chefs were making. I get my baggie of buns and we go out to get a hamburger, only by the time we get there, it's all gone. It's clean-up time and they bring the folded Styrofoam tables back to the patio to store. Ginny (now Katrina) sees some spots and says, "We'll need to clean this better." It has a sign on it, a paper cup with the words "Recycle Me" over some spots, meaning that it is too much to clean, leave it, but Katrina won't be stopped. She tells the guys to get the paint. Two men, one shy and homely, come in and I start to walk away. Katrina whispers, "You can't go. You're his date (meaning the homely one)." I sigh and go back, to help out. We get to talking and he says, "Fox sure was a beautiful animal; too bad about him dying at the picnic." I say, "They always attract magnificent animals to them." I guess Fox was a stray and wandered in and adopted them and then wandered out the same way. The other man asks me if I can fix things or check things better, looking at my hands. I say I can write and do reports better. He nods. We are supposed to go to his office and help him do some paperwork. (Earlier in dream, I give Ernie a joke gift filled with things I had bought from them earlier, some scouting things.) Later, I felt bad because I only gave him a cheap joke gift. I wanted to get him something really nice.