I am a counselor or housemother type person in a group of college age people. It's time for a meeting and I go to find a place to sit. I choose one place, but decide it will be too much out of the way, I won't see all that is going on. I see Howard and go to him and give him a check, some money I owe him. He is happy to get it and wants to do some figuring. I now go back through the room to find a better place to sit. I hear a young man playing drum sticks and beating out a beat and doing some rhyming chant that makes fun of me as a sexy lady. He throws the drum sticks and a bunch land in my hair. I stalk over to him and pull out two drum sticks and beat a fancy beat on the chair he sits in. Everyone is impressed with how well I do that. Another male student is behind me and kisses the back of my neck and says, "Oh Mama," in a sexy, teasing way. I whirl, angry, and grab him by the shirt. "How dare you?" I say. I yank him around and am dragging him off to my office to give him a talking to. I say to someone, "You come with me, I don't want to be alone in the room with him," but the person says, "I have to do something" and leaves. I yell for a student, a girl, and I say, "Get me Judith or any woman counselor, quick." The student starts edging away as I keep a hold on his shirt and I notice one leg is an amputated stump. I yank him back and say, "Oh no you don't." Now another man, a counselor, comes toward me and tries to bump us with a cart/table. I say, "What are you doing?" He says, like a mad man, "I am your father figure," and runs the cart up against me. I push back and manage to grab a bunch of his wiry blonde hair out of his head and I say "Well, you are going bald" (the hair reminds me of Blake). He keeps after me and I now am running away from him, dragging this poor student with me. I race through the room where the students are, they are getting ready for the meeting and someone says, "It's 7:30, get ready for the meeting," and two of them are upset because they will miss Star Trek. I have a great idea and, in the middle of this chase, collar a kid and say, "Make a suggestion in the meeting that everyone come up with $.50 and chip in and buy a VCR so they can tape stuff and watch it later." They like that idea. I see Howard; he left my check where he had been sitting. It had numbers written on it like he was figuring out some bills. He takes it and says, "Oh no you don't," and finds a phone to call someone about details. I continue running and I see the mad man still after me and gaining fast. He's holding on to some toy and it is dragging him across the floor fast. It almost catches up and I see it's not the mad man but one of the kids that had been teasing me.