I am a school teacher and I teach like a primary grade. The kids are being rude and noisy and I get angry and yell at them that they will come in from recess right now because I've got something to teach them right now. They resist and I drag them and herd them in and make them all sit down. I am quite righteous and firm. Then I say, "We are going to learn about cooperation if it takes all day." I role play a quarrel. "This is a quarrel," I say and play-act two people arguing angrily. I say, "Yes, that is scary; anger is scary, but let's study it and learn. It's a natural emotion," and so on the lecture goes. Now my name is Ms. Woods and I am an old teacher of high school kids. They are marching in two converging columns. There had been some insults from one group to the other and I force my kids to march right into the other group and deal with things rather than ignore it. The principal respects what I did and says, "You made us face it." A smart-mouthed teen runs by and I go after him and say, "Just a minute, boy, I'm Ms. Woods. You will, if you intend to go to this school, walk with respect for other people," and so on. I catch another errant young man and do the same. I patrol the front door to catch others. Now I'm in the passenger side of a car and on a remote fix to a radio station. I am to announce the coming of an important mass like it's a rock concert. "But," I say to my driver, "it sounds like Los Angeles out here." So, he says, "Announce it like an L.A. mass." He starts jiving in the microphone as we drive up a set of stairs to where the mass is being held. He says, "Come on now, it's grooving; ever heard of Matthew Fox?? All the big guys are here, it's happening." We go in and then go up and out to the top of bleachers. The audience is waiting for the show. The first rock star comes down the steps following his prostrate and sad two wives and their children. I shake my head at their stupid act. Someone seated next to me says he's going to smoke pot and his friend says he hasn't any and will have to borrow money at a high rate to get some, but he doesn't have any choice. I laugh at that. "No choice?" I say, "You could choose to not smoke!!" A woman and I throw candy bits we bought for $3.00 to kids hiding under the bleachers. I write my name on the candy so they know who threw it. Someone got a phone call and says, "OK," gets up and puts on an army uniform from British last century with a huge plume in the hat. He has to go ask the Queen of England who wants to talk to the post office lady for ID which will require her getting her picture on video tape. "She's not going to like this," he sighs.