I am at a spiritual meeting of some kind with Lydia and her family, Valerie and her family, and others. A man is talking, he is the leader. I want to see a book on the Jones Town Massacre. I see many pictures in the book that are graphic and hard to look at, but it is important to look at them. I then realize that Lydia and Valerie are too easily susceptible and will believe in this man and that will be dangerous for them. I try to get us to move away from the crowd and away from the leader. There is a hypnotic quality to his delivery and it is hard to pull away. Now we have gone up a mountain and are at a spiritual retreat. Again, I feel the hypnotic pull and try to resist. They have a new recruit that has volunteered to be the gate. Her name is Joy and she just graduated from high school and is 18 years old. She is very naive and innocent. Someone says they would hate to use the joy gate, because "Can you imagine what it would be like to rip open the gate from the mountain and it's a person named Joy?" I see rocks falling as an image of this gate opens. I must leave, and I get in my van with Dwight and I drive, trying to escape the mountain. As I drive, I see that the road curves up ahead and I force the van off the paved road and drive across the field, where a barely noticeable dirt trail is. It was hard to leave the paved road. I turn and look back and see a steam vent gush on the mountain near the small collection of buildings that is the spiritual retreat community. I wonder if it is blowing up. I turn back and keep going noticing that the trail is gone and the grass is wet and muddy and we could get stuck. I push on anyway. Now, I am pedaling a bicycle, with Dwight riding on the back. We turn to the right and go past some construction. The road is muddy. We then go down a steep hill and are on the water's edge, through a lot of muddy puddles. I wonder if I'm even going the right way, or if I shall have to turn back and backtrack. Wasted time and energy. Then, I want Dwight to help pedal. I see a police car directing the detour traffic ahead and I go toward them to ask for directions. I hear a Frank Sinatra tune being sung, "My Girl. Is she blind, is she thin, does she wear stars on her dress? No."