I'm in an office, I think, or some place that's not a house - it gives onto the street. There's a man here attacking someone I'm with, he's trying to rob us, I think. I have a spray bottle of water (like the one I use on Rouse) and while they're grappling I spray the attacker with it. At first it's hard to hit him anywhere that counts, but then I get him right in the face and throw him off balance. I keep spraying him, and he tries to come after me, but I keep just barely out of his reach. The struggle ends up going outside into the street. (It's a business district, a sort of minor street, no traffic but there are people about, who gather and watch. Smallish brick stores and office buildings.) The man keeps making lunges, but I keep from being grabbed solid and get in another spray. At last he gets turned around just right, and we can grab him and pin his arms. All over. Now we can call the police. I'm with a number of other people outside a barnlike building on the grounds of a rather country-looking house - it's not out of town but in an old section, this is more like a tiny farm than a big back yard. Big trees, weathered wood, everything all green and overgrown. There's a sort of deck outside the barn with small tables and chairs on it. There are also wood rail fences around the property. It's not a sunny day. We're here as a sort of meeting, not formal but to discuss something, a project, it's somewhat political in nature. I'm not actually part of this group but they want me to discuss this business with them. I don't feel adequate to that, frankly, I don't know that much about it, but they seem to think it'll be worthwhile. Lori's supposed to be coming too, but she's late if she's coming at all. I'm bothered about that, impatient. There's food here, we're having sort of a picnic, and the others are going inside but I want to stay outside for a bit, sit in the air and collect myself. I've come to a place where there's a big open wood building, kind of a cross between a garage and a barn. You can park head-in on dirt right in front, and I've brought the Toyota here to pick up this white truck (small, like the Toyota). Someone was supposed to come with me but didn't. I meet somebody inside and settle things up, but now that I'm leaving I get on a bicycle and start to ride away. The road goes around a stand of trees in front, and just as I go around the curve I stop, realizing I've got to at least take the truck back. So I go back, put the bike in the truck and go. I'd rather have ridden the bike, but at least this'll be faster.