I've just come home from work - I live in a house in a place a lot like where we've lived in suburbs - Tree and Alleycat live with me, but the 3rd is a fluffy white cat. When I come in I'm in very good spirits and think about getting outdoors, maybe go for a walk right away like I used to (only I never used to, but the memories are in my mind). I figure I'll at least go to the mail box, which is for some reason far away. I could have stopped by in the car but didn't think about it. So, inside this nice-looking suburban house, I've come in the back door, gone through the kitchen, and realized Alleycat is outside - has been all day, he got out and wouldn't come in. So I go to the front door through a sort of dining room or den - it doesn't actually have furniture in it, but that's its location. It has a ceiling fan, which I turn on. At the front door, the other 2 cats go out, I guess to do their business, and there's Alleycat, along with something on the ground, it seems to be a present for Alleycat. It would appear he has an admirer, and he's been getting these notes. [I'm not positive, but it may be that she took him away in the morning and brought him back just before I got home.] Anyway, it's dinnertime, and the idea is we all should come in now, please, and it takes a couple of requests. Tree comes in first, then the white cat, then Alleycat. (There's a screen door, so it's okay that the front door is standing open all this time.) I gather up Alleycat and his presents and go inside. I turn off the overhead lights - there are 4 buttons, dimmers, and I hit them wrong a couple times before I get it right. Then I'm gonna turn off the fan and forget where the switch is for a minute (it's on the opposite wall, into the kitchen). I can see out the glass back doors (sliding) the nice green hill beyond - I used to live a few streets over that way, there's a creek between, too, and I'm wondering if there's a passage over the creek without going all the way around. That's where I still get mail.