I walk down to where the ugly freaks are kept, like in a zoo, and I sit on an edge of a drop off to watch them. One has a very deformed face, his eyes very wide apart with scars between the eyes. I feel scared and back away from the edge because it feels like I could fall in with him and then I'd be in trouble. He's sort of half man, half ape. I say, "How ugly," and a woman asks, "Which one?" I say, "The wide-eyed one." She is hurt because her boyfriend looks like that. I walk away. Now I observe a woman doctor. She is newly assigned to this staff and coming to meet them. The man who runs the place meets her coming up the sidewalk and falls for her before knowing she is newly on staff. He wouldn't have liked her if he'd known. They lie down on a couch/bed and cuddle. They love each other very much. They cuddle spoon fashion and then the man grows into a huge giant monster and the woman is sad and afraid. He goes out into the streets toward a special lake where others of his kind lurk. He is dangerous. She follows. She is in the lake and feels a giant spider coming up underneath her and is afraid. She lets the spider see the other people and the baby in the hopes that that will divert the spider from eating her. It does and the woman feels guilt for sacrificing the other people for her own survival. Now a huge giant snake surfaces, a boa constrictor. It comes at her face with a wide open mouth to bite. It narrowly misses her and starts to wrap around her and she knows that even though she is powerful, she will be strangled and crushed by this huge snake. She hopes the snake will go off and find others to eat. It does. Now an image of a diagram of the many subdirectories it will take to safely lock up the giant monsters deep enough in the maze of paths in a computer directory to keep it hidden and therefore safe for the people. Beyond Garrith (the wide-eyed monster) is the name of one path. Then a path that branches off called the Poetry Path and a subdirectory called Weaving Stories. This means that if I ever need to call them back, I can use this path to get to them by weaving bits of stories together in a certain sequence, I can get them back.