I am in a dorm kind of place and a man comes in holding an outfit on a hanger and says Rochelle needs some money and is thinking of selling this outfit. I like it, vest and gold blouse, and think of buying it because, luckily, I still have some money. Then he says, "Melinda is cleaning out the storage and you should see what lots of junk you have there. A whole trash baggie full of pop top tops." Melinda thinks that's amazing. I go out to see and find all my old clothes and shoes pinned up on the wall. Melinda says I put them here and I say, "How embarrassing, where everyone can see." I see an old ratty bathrobe and lots of silly looking slippers and shoes. "They all go," I say. "Even the shoes, because they are all flat heeled. I can't wear them." I start to go through the books and papers. I decide to keep the dance books, I give up the weight lifting books, Susie S is interested in them and a bit surprised, as I, am that I had them. I give up papers I think belong to someone else that critiques a student. I keep some of my childhood books. I look at one that is Sparkey's about women and lesbians and Sparkey's erotica art. I finally pick one, a book, to take with me. Then a man rolls on top of myself and two other people near me. He is feeling us to decide which one he'll like and stay with. He chooses me because the other woman on my left is on her side and bony. The man on my right won't do and I'm laying on my back and kind of comfortable to him, except he took me by surprise and my arm is caught between our two bodies. I get up; it's a beautiful summer day and I am walking to school. I stop, and am confused. Is this the way? Then I recognize the old path through the field and go. I ask where is registration, because I just remembered I hadn't signed up for classes yet. Here I was thinking I was late to class and I didn't even have the class yet. I see a sign saying, "Registration this way." I smile, "Ask and you shall receive." I see a greeter, who is Charleen who grimaces, bored, and waves me into the registration area.