I'm in a living room of sorts with 2 other people, at least one is male, and they're friends, but I can't name them. We're sitting talking. Somebody may be just moving in here, but I'm not sure it's me who lives here. Outside on the deck - very like my real one, but not obscured by the trees - is a great deal of stuff, mostly if not all electronics, stereo equipment, some quite large. It's not night, but it's either overcast or twilight, rather dim outside, and inside we don't have any lights on so it's barely enough to see by. I get up, and go into the front room to check the deck through the window, and lo and behold, there's actually somebody taking things away! I see 2 men carrying something between them. For a second I freeze, then go right back and say, "There's somebody on the deck - call 911", meaning to go do something else myself, but the others don't move - instead they look perplexed, like "Who, me?" So I do it myself, at the phone right in the middle of the room. I'm not actually sure I've pressed the buttons right because I don't hear a ring, but a voice comes on the line - and I'm not sure what she said. I hesitate, then ask if this is 911. She says it is, but she doesn't quite believe I'm serious. She says am I sure, and do I really want the police, something like that - she seems to know who I am, and is really dubious, as if she knows something about me that makes me unreliable and she shouldn't take the call too seriously. But in the end she says okay, and I put the phone down. I go through the room [It's as if there's no opposite wall, and it continues into another sort of building] and come to a steep place where it's darker and rather like a great marble hall, the upper reaches - or at least middle - and a series of very narrow, steep "steps", are cut into the space. I need to tell somebody here about the robbery, and I do - there's somebody taking a message to somebody else - and now I'm climbing back down. (You can't walk upright on these steps.)