Charlton Heston and I are sitting somewhere and he reaches out and puts his finger up to a plastic tube and licks a few drops of the clear substance in it. Suddenly there is fear because he has drank of the poison and he will die of cattle anthrax. But then he knows that it is he that is saved because a few drops under the tongue of the poison will inoculate you from the disease. He tells me to take this syringe and stick a few drops under my tongue. I am afraid to, but I do it. Now we must get the serum to others. I see a doorway into an old hovel where a woman and her husband Jed and their many children live, isolated and alone in poverty. A woman is afraid and judgmental. "Don't go there. It's dangerous, they have the disease." But I choose to go in and try to tell the woman why I'm here and get permission to inoculate the children. The husband has the disease and is dying. The children are afraid, but they let me. I ask for clean water to keep things sterile. They don't even have that. So I stick them and then the teen daughter puts on an odd bra over her eyes like she's got a silly mask on and wears provocative garters and undies. Charlton smiles in enjoyment of the young woman's beautiful figure. Then I do it too and Charlton is in love with me for being so brave and no so silly and sweet. We play coyly. Then the woman begins crying. She laments that the Lord has only given her trouble. He has taken Jed from her. He has taken this and that. She sings her pain. I suddenly sing counterpoint, "And the Lord gave you life," meaning yes, there is trouble and there is beauty in life. Just being alive is beauty. He gave us that too. Charlton is so touched by my song, which I'd been afraid to sing, because I'd be ridiculed or thought crass. He hugs me to him and I sob, "Oh Jed, Oh, Jed, I love you so." He sobs, "And I love you too." We cling to each other, sobbing, and he leans us against a wall, sort of sexy and movie star like. A woman says, "And the only one in charge is the wind."