I find a place where I can travel sort of from one dimension to another through a sort of hole. I find two and then a third and notice they are in a straight line, like stops down a highway. The third one I am going to make into a more comfortable passage through by making a larger hole I can pass through and hiding it with a false door kind of thing, like a trap door. It is sister energy, linking sister minds. Now I am in a group and one of the members says he's channeling someone and speaks strangely. I watch his eyes closely since I think he's faking. I'm not sure, so I listen to him as well. He says he's going to start with Howard and he takes two small pliers and puts them on Howard's earlobes like they were earrings. They have rounded red handles. He uses a larger one, a matched set, on Howard's neck. I wonder if that hurts Howard and feel protective. The leader is seated to my right, Howard to my left and the channeler across from me. Then the channeler says, "And I'll do her next," meaning me. I gulp and say, "OK, but can I go to the bathroom first?" Someone snickers on my left, someone between Howard and me in the circle. I laugh and then hurry out to find a bathroom. I am in Aunt Elaine's house and go where the bathroom used to be and see it's a bedroom. They have remodeled. Some girl in the bedroom says, "It's that way." I turn right and walk into a laundry room. She says, "The other way." I go back toward Elaine and Lionel's bedroom and ask if I can walk through. Someone says yes. I find the bathroom and sit on the toilet, noticing in my peripheral vision that there is only a white gauze curtain separating me from the other bedroom, where I see Uncle Lionel, naked spread-eagle on the bed. I am aware of his bulky chest and big legs and don't see a penis, but know it's there. He has smooth skin and no hair. He is big and clearly masculine, but since I don't see the penis, there is an odd, womanly view of the pubic area. I see through the crib walls between us that line the curtain. I am embarrassed, but pee copiously and have a small bowel movement, hoping I'll be quiet and not stinky. I get out of there and return to the group. I notice the channeler is now usurping the leader's chair and smile, like this is more proof he is faking and only wants to be like the leader.