I've just arrived at this place where Jenny and Cathy and I are going to do Bio-Energetics - it's a living room, with a couch and TV and all, but it's part of a place where people come, like a club or the Y or a local rec. hall, maybe. We've never come here before. When Bettye and I arrive, we get started talking, and Jenny is looking at us funny - then she says something like, "Are we going to exercise or what?" I'd actually forgotten, I'm quite comfortable just sitting on the floor talking. (I'd asked Bettye if she'd seen something on TV - maybe Twin Peaks.) So we get started, though not in our usual circle of up-and-down pumping. Jenny is experimenting with that yoga pose where you stand with one leg over your head and you grab your foot. I tell her that the trick is in the standing leg. I was going to say the hip, too, but forgot. For demonstration, I do it myself and find that it's actually easier than I remember. I touch my foot to my head, and then reach it higher and over; then, because it seems like fun, I bend forward and reach the foot all the way to the ground. I didn't realize I could do that, a very interesting feeling - not a real pose, of course, I haven't really stretched and placed everything, and didn't stay in the pose, but fun. I point this out to Cathy, who's watching. Shortly some other people come in, a couple with 4 little kids. They're not part of our group, and we don't know why they're here, but we figure we can live with them being here if they're quiet enough. We'll see. But then some more come, an even larger family, and they're not as quiet. Apparently they don't know we've reserved this room, and have come in for some meeting or whatnot, and now there's just too many of them. (The room has gotten a lot bigger, by the way - now it's the size of a meeting hall or small gym.) We're going to have to tell them we've reserved the room and please leave. I'm in a little apartment that a male friend lives in, and he's taking a shower before we go somewhere. I'm poking around, looking at his magazines and books, and his sister comes in. We don't know each other, so we introduce ourselves. She just popped in for a visit, and I tell her he's in the shower; we go over to the bathroom door and try to get his attention. We wave hands in front of the door and call, but it takes a few tries. She finally stands in front of the door herself to talk to him. She's nice, I like her. Dark brown hair like his, both good-looking, she's well-dressed, friendly, comfortable to be around.