I am sent to pick up Kylou in my van. Then we pull up to a Burger King place and get food. When it is time to back out, I have trouble because lots of cars, bicycles and kids are close by and I try to get turned around without bumping or hurting anything. I comment, "I nearly hit a couple of fast moving kids. They darted into my space and I nearly got them." So we drive and Kylou says, "Oh look," and gets out. She has seen clowns, three or four, on a street corner. I get out and follow. They are white faced and in colorful clown costume. I wonder if they are drug dealers and watch, hoping Kylou doesn't get in trouble. She is in the group and having fun, laughing. I stand nearby. The police come and it appears I am in the group and they arrest me. I try to explain the circumstances. He has cold blue eyes, very good looking, with a police mask or helmet on so all I can see are his eyes and cheek bones. He arrests Kylou and I try to defend her, saying she wasn't a part of this. They get very belligerent and I realize that I am in the hands of cold, cruel men and I'd better shut up. He beats me on my face and then handcuffs me and puts me in the back of the car. I know to resist will get me more pain. I sit there, angry and scared. They are in the front seat and a sheet of glass is between us. I see two packages, one for each one, and see their names. The one in the passenger side is called Dukie. The driver is Reynold or something like that. Then I take a Kleenex and press it to my upper lip. I see blood from the beating and tuck the Kleenex into my waistband of my skirt for evidence. Then I press a leather bag thing they used to beat me with and see the blood forms Reynold's name and this is even better evidence. I hide it too, hoping they won't find it later when they search me. Now I am in my cell and a woman prisoner comes in to beat me up. I know I have to resist and I know it will be painful. She's claiming territory. She's pushy and threatening (arrogant). She puts a gauze muzzle on me that covers my whole face like a dog muzzle thing and she is going to beat me. Just then one of her guards or henchmen tries to get her attention to show her this magnificent puppet theatre I have in my cell. She won't be interrupted until almost too late. Just as she is ready to hit me, she turns and sees it and leaves me to admire it. Now somehow I am saved. I have status. This thing had been sent to me by friends on the outside. I also have a beautiful coffee server set, clear glass cups and pot, lots of other pretty things too. Now my cell is The Place To Be. I have power. It's like a minimum security place and sometimes I have to hide the things when the guards come by, but mostly, no problem. The guards come by and my things -- three statues or puppets -- are live men and they turn and hide in a crumbled group in a corner. The woman guard comes in and sees my groovy sports bra and sneers. She wouldn't wear one like that. I have one and I see how shapely it makes me. She is envious. Now I am following her down the hall, going for some meeting or interview.