I'm at work. (Looks nothing like the library, it's a rather dim place with yellow light and nothing is recognizable except that it does seem to have open-office landscaping.) I've remembered the orange electrical cord I lent Ted for his meeting and didn't get back, and I ask him where it is. He says he let Theo take it away, he doesn't know what she did with it. So I ask Theo, and she's getting ready to go out of the office with this group of people on some errand, but they will be going near where she put the cord, so if I want to come along and fetch it I can. Even though she says this, she looks and sounds uncomfortable, as if she feels guilty, or shouldn't be asking me to join them. I get the distinct impression I'm considered a liability. But I want that cord, and I'm already pissed at it having been passed around, especially to Theo, so I go. We walk quickly, and go into the back part of the building, where the "works" are - boiler room, mechanical stuff, storage, etc. On one of the lower floors is my own storeroom where I keep that orange cord. We walk on concrete floors, sometimes they amount to wide catwalks because they're open to the lower floor, and there's many turns - it's like a maze back here. We seem to be walking faster, gradually, and I'm not appreciating it. I'm having to work to keep up and I have the feeling they're trying to lose me. (There's one guy that's really in charge of their group, and I can tell he doesn't want me along.) At one point I get stuck and have to stop for a minute. (Shoelace untied, or caught on something, or drop something, I forget.) They don't stop, but keep right on plowing ahead. I see them at a distance go through an outside door. As I get loose and go after them, I'm getting really mad. I go through the door, and see the group ahead of me, and call out "THEO" in my yelling-at-Rouse voice, very authoritative and imperative. I have to do it twice before they stop and I can catch up. I point out that I was held up back there, and it's hard to catch up when they've gone on ahead so fast. I'm looking fierce, and Theo's nervous. We continue around to the front of the building, where there's a driveway and parking lot. They go across the rows of medians, where there are hummocks and puddles because it's been raining. Now it's starting to rain again, even. People are out here waiting for buses, including Linda Thomas. I stop and she comes up to me and tells me about some other interesting new thing she's just gotten into, or hold of, or something. She tells me Jenny's been using this one particular thing (a fruit or vegetable) with this, it really works. While I'm out here, a girl comes up to say hello - she looks familiar, and just as I've got her placed as a LT graduate (who used to come and do things with us, but we haven't seen her in a long time) she says I bet you don't remember who I am, and I say her first name's Norma (right) but I'm sorry I can't remember your last name - she says that's ok. She's very friendly.