We are captured by aliens and brought into a room where we are prepared for a journey. We are given complementary drinks and an outfit. Then we march down a path. Sometimes we are grouped together and sometimes we are spread out, so I walk between groups alone. Dovre sees a train stopped near us and playfully, with curiosity, crawls in the window of the train. I am very upset and scream at her, "Get out now. How dare you endanger us all!" The train starts moving, taking her away, but she manages to jump out in time. I am very upset with her. We continue walking. A man leaps up behind me and is violently trying to stick his penis up my ass, spoon fashion. I strike at him and then grab a pointed stick and slash at his penis area. He is forced away from me. I put the pointed stick in my belt trying to figure out which should be on top, the sword or the stick. Now I have graduated by this decision to keep the sword and stick with me. So I go back to the room and look for the cubicle with my name on it. It will have my new outfit. I find it among many others, all women, lots of crinolines and stuff. I put on my new outfit and it is sexy black lingerie, sort of playboy bunny style, or French cut. I wonder what my next job is and then I see it is to be the welcoming hostess for the new inductees -- a bar with flowered drinks, a chat and then they go out on their journey. I realize I can now sense the aliens upstairs and the woman next to me is talking about how I can do that and I am angry at her. "Now they know, thanks to you," I say. So I think a barrier around me to block my feelings and thoughts from them. I am now spirited up through the ceiling to the second floor by their power. I keep myself guarded until I know if I'm safe or not. Now Kenneth is the doctor and doing a test and I am looking at the results of his test and I say, "You can write pretty good." We go outside and I see a tall tree blowing in the breeze and for a moment I think I'm in danger because it will fall over on me, but not so. I think it will be nice to go with someone as they do their work. I'll just enjoy the comradeship of being with them. I choose a different path to walk than the one I was on.