I am at a group thing and feeling unsure of myself. A young man tells me he thinks I am very self assured and I am very surprised. An old man, seated and with white hair, is leading the seminar and talks to each person as he goes around the inside of the circle. He looks up to me, even though I am seated in the wheelchair. I am looking through a pile of straightened newspapers, looking for the paper. I find one, but the rest are comics and other pages of other newspapers. The young man tells me in excellent detail how he sees me as self assured. I am impressed with his wonderful ability to describe me and it feels great to have someone able to give me this helpful feedback. He wants to be my boyfriend and help me. I am walking toward a set of stairs and he walks in front of me so I can lean on him. I do and then we hold hands. I look at him and am unhappy to see he is shorter and a year younger than me, like he's in junior high and I'm in high school, but he's nice and my friend so we walk together. Now I have to leave, it's the end of the summer and my father is going to pick me up and the boy is sad because his very rich father controls him and won't let us write to each other. I suggest we get private PO boxes and write. He agrees. I walk up a flight of stairs and wave goodbye, being surprised and a little sad, I do not try to kiss him goodbye or hug. It's so non-feeling and nonchalant. I stand at the road's edge waiting. I see a small plane in the air and realize the private airfield is nearby. I watch a small plane being buffeted about by the wind and wonder with surprise if that's what happens to me, although it doesn't feel like it when I'm in the plane. Now years have passed and the boy is now a crazy man locked in a cell for years. My husband and I visit. The crazy man is put into a vat of boiling like water stuff and then my husband talks to him, trying to reassure him to "come out" of his craziness. The crazy man holds some round plastic things we'd got from a circus years ago and I then announce I have the triangle pieces and they fit together and the man is being cured. My husband role models for him how to be a normal human and he is learning.