I live in an apartment that's almost exactly like the one that I left, and there are at least 5 cats here. Tree, maybe Alleycat, and Rouse, for sure, but in addition there are some others, of various sizes, and they're quite recent, they've just come to live here for reasons unknown - they're not babies, but they're special, I don't know why. The fact is that some Arabs want them; they want them a lot - I don't know how I know that, except that it's a done deal, and it's up to me to try and protect them from being kidnapped. [I'm not sure abt. the sequence of events, so I'm gonna say one thing, and then another, and if it doesn't seem to work out, so be it...] Gary S. is here with me, he's just arrived, I guess, and I have just discovered that the Arabs have stationed themselves outside, sort of unobtrusively, but quite visible just the same, and I'm thinking I'll call the police. I'm trying to show them to My cousin through the window, but they're not that easy to see without also showing yourself. He's not entirely convinced of this, but just the same he can see one of them and there isn't any earthly reason for an Arab dressed up like that to be leaning against a tree down on the ground. So he - like My cousin will - admits (that it seems) this is true. I'm wanting to call the police, but for some reason I guess I don't, because they don't come - I think that we thought that they wouldn't, because after all it's just cats, and why would they want to kidnap a cat? See, I don't know precisely what they want to do with them. They may have some special use for them that they don't normally, but I can't gamble on that. They may even be wanting to sacrifice them for some reason, or do something terrible to them (and I won't sit still for that, because I like them). So I'm worried about what's going to happen here. Another thing is that I'm out in the car with my mom, and we stop at something on the order of a 7-11 for something to drink, and I'm needing to get back home because of the Arab situation. Something happens there, at the 7-11, that worries me - I don't remember what it is - but we have to get back in the car in a hurry and go on back. Lo and behold, when we come back, there they are, visible this time, and in fact I'm not living in an upstairs apartment now - this is a house, and there's a porch, and there they are sort of hanging around the front door. Now, the fun part is, they are just sort of idling there - my mom and I walk up to the front door, and I don't know what the hell they're going to do. I can't afford to be too scared about it, and it's important to get in the door, you know - so we just march brazenly through them (there's about 4 or 5), and they don't do anything at all. I get to the door, and move very quickly - we get in through it, and slam it shut, but don't get it slammed shut quite fast enough, because I guess what they were waiting for was for me to open the door, because they now try to force their way in the door. I can't hold it real hard, but there is a post - an upright, right behind the door, which is very convenient, because what it means is I can get up and brace my back on the pole and hold the door shut with my feet, which I do. I get the door all the way shut and locked, and they have to give up, which is great. Now, I don't know what the point was in them waiting for the door to be open, because after I look around, it's quite clear that they have gotten in and taken the special cats, which is a worry, and the next thing is that I'm worried about them coming back and also grabbing my cats. I don't know quite what to do about that at the moment, and what's also clear is that I have to try and rescue the other cats. I'm gonna have to find out where they are, and go and get 'em back. This is scary - but the fact is, that I don't know how dangerous it is, so it seems important to me that I might as well try. Maybe it's not as hard as it seems, and I cannot give up without a fight, basically. By the way, the setting for all of this is as though it were late afternoon or early morning - the light is not bright, though it is daylight, and there's that sort of mild gloom that you get when it's one of those times you don't have the lights on inside. You can see, like to talk to each other, or move around; you'd want to turn a light on to read by if you wanted to do that - it might even be trying to rain outside.