I am a school teacher visiting an Alaskan school. They have a conference like "Excellence in Teaching" and show me the books and materials. It is about body language, and I see moving pictures of how men lie down at their desk and it is powerful, but when women do it, it is tacky. The woman teacher I am visiting asks my opinion and I say hesitantly, "I taught over 20 years ago and this same thing came out then and now I find it sexist and outdated." She agrees. It's time for me to leave, but I had lent the books to other teachers so we go down the hall to see if I can get them back. I knew it would be this way. I see students and a few teachers in the hall. One teacher hands me some canceled tickets for H. Center performances. I thank her, thinking it is a good ticket I can use. Then I realize they are torn. Another teacher says, "I can fix that up for you so they will be usable again." We go to her school room. She also shares with me a phone number of some person who will change zeros in bank accounts so you can get more money. I know this is very illegal and decide not to use it, but I take it with me anyway, "just in case." Now I return to the original room I was in. Someone gives me an outfit to change into and pushes me into another room to change. I realize a young man will be coming by and I change to look pretty. I walk out and the teachers shove him into the room like matchmakers and leave. He wears a costume too. We are shy and standing close together. Then he kisses me and we "accidentally" fall onto the bed, kissing. The teachers let us sleep together the night and we make love. We are in love. The next morning I must go catch my plane and we start for the airport, sad but resigned; we hold hands. I see a view point up ahead where a magnificent waterfall is and I grab my camera to take some shots. We walk around the corner and I see the harbor. It is beautiful. I take a picture of the bridge structure like Y. Bay Bridge. It moves arts and is cute. Now we walk up slippery metal steps that are flat to get up to the well to see it spout. It is hard going and I say I can't make it. He encourages me and we do make it. As we wait for the spout, I realize I only have one more picture left on the roll and I want a picture of him to take with me, but I want one of the waterfall too, so we walk back down to put him in front of the waterfall. As I try to frame him in the shot, a beautiful dark- haired woman flirts with him and I try to keep her out of the picture. She laughs and says, "What's the matter, afraid of the competition?" I say, "No, go ahead, go for it," knowing he would stay true to me. I get a shot of him. Now we go on and suddenly he pulls me down a side street and takes off his police uniform. He's going to defect from the service and I'll stay in Alaska with him.