I am in a living room and Katrina and her grown daughter are having a serious talk in the bedroom. I hear their voices raised in intense emotion. I am trying to play some music on the stereo and can't find the right switch. I am annoyed and somewhat amazed because I've been turning it on for a year and now I don't know how. I am frustrated. I am also sad because an old boyfriend, maybe Nate, only with the name Michael, has a new girlfriend. Katrina comes out to help me turn on the music, but it's not working. I go into my room and now there is a wild dance party going on out in the living room and I don't want to join them. I stay in my room. Katrina finds some paintings and I want them put up on the wall. She finds two that are green and one is of the Simpsons, the TV cartoon family. Someone else like Kayla had done them for me. She puts them on my wall, even as I tell her I don't want them on the same wall as my own paintings. Oh well, I shrug, annoyed. Then they put up strips of ribbon left over from Katrina hosting some fund-raiser. They are yellow ribbons like 1st prize ribbons at a county fair. Sayings are written on them. Someone pastes them up with wall paper paste. I want to dance and decide now that everyone has left, as it is 5:00 in the morning, to put on my shoes. They're simple black pumps. Some old friend, like Arthur, comes by. He says he doesn't want to dance. I say, "fine," and continue putting my shoes on. He thinks I am ignoring him and want to dance with him. I don't want to dance with anybody. I just want to dance. Another man comes up, sort of Chicano, and calls me Cecilia and asks me to dance. He waits, as I try to get my straps buckled. Now I have five or six straps of different colors around my ankle and leg (left). He helps me buckle them, laughing. Now the shoe is a square cardboard box and I stuff towels in to keep it on. I go to the dance floor and skate around gracefully. It is fun and graceful. I enjoy. The music stops and I start singing the music and continue skating/dancing around.