I am a man comedian and waiting to be on star search or something like that. I get on stage with a Barbie doll and I am screamingly funny. "How would you like to look at this?? Did your parents like them too? An anorexia doll. But the boys had a different point of view; they liked it." The audience roared. Now I'm a woman comedian and very funny. Afterward, the man and I go to a coffee shop to celebrate our success. I want to see a woman actress who is doing a play there. The helper woman comes by and says to me, "He's been chosen, but you're a woman and they are still considering you." I get nervous, wondering if I made it. She suggests I go back to Jack Benny's office and wait at his door all night if necessary. I return, crawling up green venetian blinds and it is very precarious and I could have lost my hand grip and fallen, but I make it and turn it into a funny routine. I find my doll and special animal I used in my act and am very happy to be reunited with then. I hug them and talk to them. The helper woman tells me to wait until the light goes on this stage and then go out and perform again for Mr. Benny. She steps out to test the stage, which is a bit rickety as she is several hundred pounds. I go out and begin adlibbing. Men come out and I work them into the act. I am very funny, powerful, and weigh 300 lbs. I do a dance routine with one guy to show how an overweight woman can be seen as sexy and fully a woman. I grab one man by the hair during our routine and he winces, very impressed with my power. I say, "I used to be a wrestler." I see my body as muscular and huge. Then Mr. Benny Jackson comes on stage and we sit in a circle and we are in awe of him. He has a tiny clown nose and is old and sweet. We applaud him. Then I applaud the woman helper who is also a comedian and tell her I couldn't have made it if she hadn't been out there when it was time for me to go on and do my show the first time. I told her I was having a hard time managing to keep in control the adrenaline of fear and excitement and wanted to keep as much flexible control as I could so I didn't totally lose it out there on stage, and seeing her there, already a successful comedian and a woman helped me.