I put an ad in the paper announcing that I will be teaching math class and I am getting ready to do that. I have a pile of notes and magazine articles cut out. I am in a house, perhaps Ginny and Ernie's. I am in the kitchen and Ginny is around. Now she is crying and upset because Ernie just came over to tell her that the guys at work say she's a cold, rigid bitch and can't do anything. She is very hurt and I say I'm really surprised at Ernie for saying this to her. It was a mean thing to do. Ernie seems to agree with them that she is incompetent. The boys are cooking and cleaning because she would ruin the dinner. Ernie hangs around, inquisitive about what I'm planning to do. I feel scared, I've taken on more than I can manage. I see it is 9:10 in the evening and hear the doorbell. I go to open the door and my father is there shaking hands. I shake the hand of the first man student and say, "Come on into the other room where my notes are set up on the piano." And they can sit on the couch, and Ernie is seated in a comfy chair in a corner, nearby. My father says anybody with FBS's in their names are well received, meaning they all have high math degrees. Now I'm really nervous and politely offer cookies and snacks and they go into the kitchen to get some. I say to Ernie with a look of appeal in my eyes, "If you want to be my assistant and help me out, I'd sure appreciate it." He grins. He'd rather watch me squirm. He says Tessa says it's a bit weird to be getting instruction from a girlfriend. I start looking through my pile of notes and read the articles, hoping to pull myself together and be organized. I remind myself I am here to teach math from a humanistic point of view, not just straight math. I see an article showing three newborn babies and the article is about how the doctors are always looking for number 200 (the special child). They come in and sit down, expectant. I nervously smile and hope for the best. I wish I'd never been so foolish as to assume I could teach this. I suggest we all work on this material together. We'll learn from each other. I hope they don't get mad at me and think I'll give them back their fee if they feel I didn't interest them or teach them anything useful.