I am interviewing a new roommate who has two small children. I say to her that I want to make it clear that she should not expect me to be available to babysit. I am a writer and need lots of alone and quiet time, maybe for a half hour now and again, but otherwise, arrange for someone else. She's a bit annoyed. Then the children come in. It's early in the morning. I see a man who has hand puppets and he's grilling hamburgers on a portable grill and doing a puppet show. Foxy Fox puppet. The kids want to buy a hamburger; they are hungry. I say, "No, come into the kitchen, I'll get you some breakfast." I find a loaf of white bread and offer to make them toast and milk. I decide to have some myself and cringe a bit at the white bread, but decide this once it's OK. I find two slices already toasted and decide to warm them up for myself. We return to the living room and I think, "See, this is what I mean; here it is too early in the morning and I have to be up to watch those kids." Now it's time to go to work and the boss is giving everyone their assignments. A man is supposed to deliver packages of parts. He comes up to me and waits. I say, "What?" He says, "You're supposed to pay me." I say, "Wait." I look around for Bill, the boss. "Might know it," I say, "when you need him, he's gone." I call for him and he comes in and I say, "This guy wants to be paid." He writes up an invoice. Now I need a ride back to the main area, so we walk together over to the driver's area. Two or three old men are walking toward us and one says, "Will you look at her form?" "What a sexist remark," I think and come back sassily with, "and I suppose you are amorphous?" I am very pleased with my witty remark and tell it to the man with me and he's laughing. Now I find the drivers. I walk down a steep embankment through a crowd of people gathered to watch some event or construction job. I see ropes on the ground and ask what they are for. I see men working down the hill with the ropes. I move fast and wonder if I might have been better off taking the more gentle slope further on, but I make it and find the rows of bikes at the "bike pool" (like a motor pool). Patsy is a bike driver and I decide to get a ride with her back to the main terminal. I look at the pink bike and say, "But where do I sit?" I hope there's a seat. I see a double seat, side by side, like sidesaddle. I get on and have some concern about where to hold on so it doesn't seem like I have my arm around Patsy. She gets on and off we go down the bike lane of the freeway. I wonder if she's good enough to keep balance. I wonder if I know how to relax and keep balance. We chat. She tells me of her mother having another relationship with this kind of man who beats her or something bad. I say, "Oh yes, people repeat their patterns." I'm not surprised, then Patsy turns off the road toward a snow field and a large bump. She plows on ahead and just as we crest the top of the bump. I look down and see we are about to plunge off the precipice into a grand canyon-like dropoff. We are dead and in terror, we turn desperately and by some miracle, we actually avoid falling. We are stunned and shocked and hurriedly move away back to the road. We would have been killed. I said, "Someone wants us alive," meaning God. "Thank you," we pray fervently. We vow to look and be more careful from now on. We are so grateful and humbled by the experience. Pat says, "I'll bet this one goes in the dream book!" Somewhere in the dream I look at photos and see one of Pat and Amy cooking something in a kitchen and looking at the camera like someone had just called their names and they looked up, seeing the camera and mugs for it, surprised.