I am for some reason taking my Masters in Counseling again. I'm near completion but don't seem to want to finish. I can't figure out why I would do this. What's the purpose? I have a rich father and am estranged from him and need to find my own place to live and he's fighting it. Finally I look up to a cave in the side rock wall and say that's where I need to live. Everyone is glad I've finally seen that. My father's wife is happy for me. I go up there to look it over. There are windows and a swarm of mosquitoes are in there, and then they fly out through the small square openings under the windows that look like tiny windows themselves. I say, "I'll have to remember to stand up and see the view, because it is so breathtaking and inspirational." Then I go downstairs to find the kitchen. William Riker is my friend and he's glad I've finally found my niche, my place. I go into the kitchen and see my female roommate, who is lesbian. I see her standing, doing the dishes with her arm around her girlfriend and I feel relief. It's her girlfriend. I am not lesbian. We are not obligated to be girlfriends. I turn and walk away. I see a crowd and hear Curtis Salgoto playing his blues harp. I am standing behind Curtis Salgoto as he plays his blues harp to the crowd, and I play with him on my harp, trying to impress him. Finally he turns and walks up close to me in a sexy way and leans in and says, "OK, you're not bad, now stop shadowing me and let me play." He smiles. I then lean into him and caress his hair with my left hand. I smile in a sexy way and say, "Someday, when you're not so arrogant, you'll really hear me and know I'm as good as you are." He smiles and turns and plays to his adoring audience. I walk away, around the corner to my part of the room under the "egg hole" I live in now and start rehearsing with my band. I play and play and rehearse. Curtis is walking past the place I'm rehearsing to go out the door and he hears me and stops to listen. He is very impressed. He sneezes and tries to hide, because he doesn't want me to know he heard. I come out to the hall and say "Who's that that sneezed?" I see him. I say, "Did you sneeze?" He turns, a sheepish grin on his face and says yes. "You heard me?" I ask. He says, "Yes. You're as good as I am." He says it with grudging admiration. I am so happy. I say to my band men as they are walking past to go home, "Did you hear that?" He says "Yeah, he said you are as good as he is." I grin. Curtis pulls out a paperback book which is his wallet and says to the guy, "Do I have anything in this wallet that will make you forget you ever heard that?" The guy grins and takes the wallet and leaves. Curtis leans against the wall, pulls me into an embrace and we stand there, pleasantly hugging.