Two nice young men are sort of the parents of Mateo. They ask him to do something and he doesn't want to, so they run around doing it for him. One of them stops and says, "No, we aren't going to do this any more. He can do things for himself. We've been too ready to do it for him." Mateo is upstairs and he overhears this and he gets scared and starts crying and saying, "No, no." Somehow this is scary for him. Now, I am comforting a fat seven-year-old girl, who is Bonnie. She is scared too. I go on. I seem to be at a fairgrounds-like place and the crowd is waiting for the Indian drumming to start. I am waiting too. The drummer is a redneck-looking, pot-bellied white man. He sets up a drum and tells the crowd they can get ready. At least half of them can dance. They move to the front. I stay behind, but now there is room for all of us to dance. I look at them doing a kind of twist and shout dance and feel scorn. That's not the right way to dance with respect for the spirit of the drum. I try to dance Indian. The song is over and the crowd goes away. I stay to watch the drummer who is setting up for the next song. He kicks at the fire he has created to keep it going and asks me to move one of the drums "over there." I pick one drum up reverently and carry it over to where he points. He keeps yelling instructions, but I can't seem to understand where he wants it and I keep doing it incorrectly until he finally yells at me and begins crying. I go to him and say, "I'm willing to help, but I can't understand what you're saying and there's no need to yell at me." He is embarrassed and ashamed and hangs his head and says, "I know Ma'am." He takes the drum and walks away and goes up into a carnival type building. I wait. I look up to see a Disneyland-like train turn and whirl above me. I see a railroad bridge to my left with people sitting along the edge waiting for a ride. A carnival worker comes up to me and says, "What happened? I hear Larry and ____ are crying." I say, "I don't know what happened. We were setting up for the next dance, we had the fire here and the crowd was there where it's fenced in now." I see a short storm wire fence. He opens a door and I see Larry of Uni house crying. He shuts the door. I say, "The other one is up there." I point to where the drummer had gone.