I am in charge of creating a small little group of marchers for a presentation or parade. They play flutes and I need to figure out how they are going to hold their music. I look around for something that will work and see a small little flat board and think it will do, and then I go to other classrooms to see what's around. I find a larger, more fancy thing that would hang from their neck and the sheet music would be facing the audience and I wonder how they would read the music, even though it looks pretty for the audience. Then I see a photography class and listen in and realize they really want it to be spiffy and entertaining. So now I find a long, ornate board and we'll do some precision moves and wear costumes. I go into another room and as I'm going down the street in my wheelchair, I see another woman in a wheelchair, a larger woman like Rudean. We travel together for a block or so, bumping over curb cuts and ducking cars. She seems negative. I go into a class, two narrow rows of desks and everyone hurriedly gets up to make room for me. I feel conspicuous, but this is normal. They aren't used to the chair. We get settled in and they are talking about doing a dance and can't imagine how I can participate. I point out to them that I already know how to dance and ask Archie to dance with me to show them. He does some warm up moves and I do too with my chair and spin around and skid to a stop and everyone is impressed and amazed. They and I shove the rugs and furniture aside to make room and then Archie and I dance. It is lovely. At one point he pulls me up to standing and we dance. I then lean into the instructor and incorporate him into the dance. They start relaxing around me. Now another woman is going to share her dance and needs to cast the dancers. She says angrily and sadly that suicide is the end. I say, "Maybe, maybe not. If the person doesn't learn from it, they die and that's sad, but if they learn and grow from it, it is beautiful. It's a pivotal decision point, a challenge, and therefore powerful and beautiful." Now she instructs us to stand in our places. We form a sort of short square cross. She is skinny and has a skinny young boyfriend, dance partner. Other skinny young women are in her dance team. I see a sting of bright colored decorator lights, like Xmas tree lights in the wing she and her team are in.