I am going to give my girl child a birthday party. It's 1:00 in the afternoon and I go to see if the neighborhood children are here yet to go to the movies with her. Someone says she's just now taking her nap, and I realize the timing isn't going well. I decide to let her sleep until I've got the party together. I wait. A few kids, maybe a year old, come in and play in the living room, then some neighbors, and now there's a lot of people there. I laugh, watching them play. They are so fun to watch and so creative. I call out, "Did anyone really want to go to the movies after all?" Or did they prefer to continue, with what they are doing? They seem quite content to be playing as they are doing with the fun games and things I have provided. I say, "OK," and go into the kitchen area to get the cake and ice cream going. My mother and people are there, talking and so on. A phone call comes; it is Amber, who wants to know if her mother is going to stay there, because it will ruin their plans if she stays longer. I notice a man who I like is listening and watching. I say, "Hey, no reason why you can't come stay overnight here, we can visit." She hesitates and then agrees. I say, "I know there's plenty of room," and then hesitate, counting where I've already promised to put people, this man included, but I decide there is enough room. She agrees to stop by tomorrow on her way home from wherever she is now. Now there is some sort of challenge with two men and the challenge is that I must catch a ball (or manuscript) being thrown over the bad man neighbor's fence and I must break the taboos and rules and hop over into his yard, over his fence, and retrieve it. This is pretty scary because he owns a huge dog named something fierce like Thunder or something, a huge great dane that would sooner eat you than look at you. I take the challenge cheerfully. I leap up over the tall fence and see a small, skinny space and a second fence I leap up to the top of the second fence and the dog is barking and growling and trying to get to me. I hold him at bay by putting my foot up against a small dog door (for a large dog) and hold it shut. I dip down and grab the object. The neighbor man comes out and threatens to kill me. I hop back over to my side, safe and unharmed but with both man and dog furious at me.