I'm at a family gathering and it's getting time to leave. The entertainment is over. A man like Raul had done an act of magic and juggling. He had handed out little gifts and four knives didn't get handed out and he said he'd give us them later. Now only my two brothers and one sister are left around the table and we start talking. Lydia complains about how my mother is always this way or that and I am surprised to hear her being negative. I usually do that. I then read a portion of a letter I wrote (which had a few mistakes where I needed to add the word IF, like the sentence said something like I would like to die, or I would die if, but I wrote, IF I would like to die) several times and on the third time they yawn and stop listening. I feel a little hurt, but acknowledge that maybe I was being boring and attention-getting. They agree. Dwight takes over and tells me how I'm always so bossy. They all take turns telling me off. They aren't going to put up with it any more. I feel bad, but unfortunately agree with them. Now, the entertainer is back and does his thing and other entertainers are there. They all wear black and white masks on their faces. I remember that is the theme of this occasion. He reminds himself to give Jake the four knives he hadn't in the last round. Charla is sitting on Lydia's lap and leaning over on me and now she wants to curl up in my lap. I say, "You're fine this way," (on Lydia's lap but near me), but she insists and curls up on me. It's nice and I hug her and cover us up with a blanket. Then she slides off my lap and goes to play and begins crying. I go over to see. She is a skinny cloth doll with a ring stuck on her skinny one-leg trunk. I say, "Is this what you are crying about?" She says, "Yes." I help her remove the ring. She is happy and I hug her and let her finish her crying. When she was on my lap, I was talking with Jake on my right, and I started to say, "Uncle Fo," but then I said to him, "I'm sorry. I forgot. I just like that name." "Well, I don't," he said, angrily. They are all four really on my case. It was so rare that we all talked like this and really shared our feelings, and we could only do it because all the other relatives were already gone.