I am entering a room where a graduation will take place. I pick up a crying boy to comfort him. He's afraid of this graduation. I hug him and sooth him and explain that soon a bunch of people in blue robes will come in and it will be OK. We enter the room and walk to the opposite side against the wall. There are no chairs and I wonder how I'll manage standing through the whole thing. Lydia is now on my left and my mother on my right. I see young people walking in randomly with blue robes on and point them out to the boy. There is water about mid-calf height on the floor and I am aware of a hole in front of me and wonder where it is exactly. I worry about it. It moves toward me and I think I'm going to step in it and disappear. My mother ridicules me for being over-concerned and making a fuss. The boy gets down to go to his father. The boy's name is Dickie. Ugh. I think, "A chip off the old block." I decide I must leave the room to insure my safety. I leave and now am in a kitchen-like area. I decide to sleep in the van and now I'm out there; it is a cold, snowy night. A window is open. I order a special sleeping bag from a catalogue that will keep me warm. I notice the van is now in a heated sort of garage room and a horse is there. It loves me intently and wants me to ride it, but I hesitate. He shortens his legs so it's easy for me to get up, he loves me so much. I try to get on over his ample rump, wondering if he'll kick me. He, of course, won't because he needs me so badly. I get on and he grows back up to his normal height. I ride him into the house and decide to take a warm bath. I then get out of the tub, noticing I'm still in the garage room and it is being kept well heated for me at great expense. I hang up a yellow plastic shovel thing on a hook on the wall and remind myself to go get more of those hooks. They are very helpful. My mother is annoyed with me for getting so much special privilege. I go into the kitchen area to the table. I think I assure her I'll clean up after myself. She is disapproving of what I do and how I do it.