I am with Dovre and we are at some kind of campground resort area. I am on a bicycle-like thing and am going back to my camp area. There is a center line of broken tree stumps in the road and I ride over them like they are those bumps in the center line. As I turn a corner and get off the bike, I see Michael (of crystals) Ron. He's leaving and I am entering and we pause and wave to each other. I say, "I'll see you later." He says, "I'm leaving tomorrow," and I say, "I'm leaving tonight. I guess this is goodbye." We look at each other uncertainly, wanting to connect, but the moment passes and I walk on. I think about that moment, feeling badly that I didn't say anything to connect later. I just let it pass like I always do, when I'm in automatic. Then, I find a bathroom and see four or five open stalls of toilets and look for the least messy one. Some have leaks and some have turds in them. I squat over a tiny, low bowl and have a bowel movement. I am a bit constipated and it is hard to get it out. A woman comes over and chats with me as I am squatted in this embarrassing position. Then Michael/Ron comes in and it's no longer the bathroom but my campsite. I am laying down and he starts to make gentle, hesitating love to me. I want him to, but I am "thinking" it, not feeling it. I french kiss him and wonder why I am anticipating that when I don't particularly like it. He follows my lead. I wonder what I'm doing. Why can't I just relax and feel it, and not be so uptight about performance or what he thinks? Then I remember we are out in the open and wonder if people will see us. Michael/Ron then scoots us off the blanket and under a small table and pulls a blanket over us. I say, "Oh, don't do that. Now you are in the gravel." I want him to be more comfortable, but he says it's OK and picks me up and carries me to his camp site which is more private. I am amazed at his strength, because I am still lying down and covered by this table and blanket. He says, "Just a minute," and goes into a small cabin bed area and then invites me in. I realize this is Claude's bed and feel funny making love to Ron in it when I'd rather be with Claude myself. I go in and lay down. Michael/Ron says, "Oh, you sat on my eagle button," and I realize he and I are wearing army jackets. I am surprised he was ever in the army, being as he's so gentle and new-age. I make a joke about sitting on his eagle and he says it's still cold in here. I feel the coolness and agree. Then I decide to unbutton the jacket. I do it matter-of-factly, wondering why I don't use this obvious opportunity to be sexy and provocative. Later, it's time for me to leave. I try to put things back like they were and pack my things. Michael/Ron says he's going over to his vehicle and put things away. He does. I see gold bangle bracelets and chains for necklaces and wonder if they are Sharon's (Claude's new girlfriend's.) I see toys and I guess they are for her daughter. I feel some jealousy and sadness. Now I go looking for Michael/Ron. I pass a camp trailer/tent that is shaking violently as the two people in it are making passionate love. I laugh at it all because it wasn't so long ago I was with Michael/Ron making love and now these people, oblivious to others, are having at it. I see his van set up and go there. Then I can't find him. The van has turned into a fancy RV. I turn to go back but he calls to me on the road and catches up. Then I see my father. He has come over the mountain on a bus so he can help me drive home over the mountains. I am relieved a bit because I then won't have to drive myself. My father talks of aunts and uncles that are old now and in some places they have to live together in retirement centers. Maybe that's not so bad, I wonder.