I'm in a hotel with a woman and a boy (my mother and brother?). We're moving, and staying here while our belongings are in transit - this is the new town we're in. It's a nice hotel, quite formal. We're going into the restaurant for lunch, which has a maitre d' and snooty waiters and tablecloths and stem water glasses. Mom is being officious, she's a little anxious about something, and keeps reminding us of things. (She's blonde, by the way, sort of your TV career-mother; the boy is a nondescript typical young teenage boy.) I go in with them, but I have to go do something - I'll come back later. [Where I go isn't clear, but it involves My brother, my real brother, who gives me some reassurance about something. We're in what I think is an attic-room, at least it's definitely upstairs in a building, and we're standing next to a window - all through, the time is midday, nice weather, bright sunshine.] When I come back, mom and brother are gone, but I'll stay and eat lunch anyway. I get seated next to this nice-looking man in a suit, also dining alone, who says "hello", and we have a pleasant conversation. I look at the menu - a fancy-restaurant menu, tall, with elegant script and no prices, heavy vellum stock, tied at the back - and order a pasta dish, something cheesy and unspectacular. It's good, but afterward I get the bill and gasp. This is a lunch price? I thought I was being conservative. The man next to me agrees that it's rather high, but he's used to it. I need to go out for an errand (I may have done this before finishing my meal), so I go into another part of the hotel through a side door. There's an area in the back with some offices, and I go past some elevators and around a corner, and there's a small office with a glass front tucked back here. Two people are standing in it, a man and a woman. There's some colorful waiting-room lounge furniture and plants, and a wall or partition behind them. I go in and talk to them for a minute - we agree on something, and I go back to the restaurant. Having settled the bill, I have a copy of the menu in my hands, which is odd because they took it when I ordered. (Perhaps it was on an empty table and I picked it up to look at it again.) Well, I think I'd like to take it with me, but I suppose they'd rather I didn't. My "companion" points out that perhaps I could leave by the back door, and I agree. So I do, and go quickly back through the corridor I was in before, and to the office. There's a back entrance just before the elevators that I could have used, but I'd rather not be that conspicuous. Now that I'm at the office, I see they've left and closed it up. I look around, and just opposite is an exit door, the sort of "emergency" exit that has a bar to push. I don't know if it will set off an alarm or not, but I'll be long gone before anybody gets there if it does. I step out, and I'm at the back corner of the building, next to the parking lot. I walk that way and go look for my car.