I am working in something like a children's camp. Then it's sort of a circus-like place and lots of the employees get sick and so only a few of us are left. Someone says we can all double up on the jobs and no one will know we're short. The show will go on and they sure will be surprised at curtain call when only five of us come out. I say, "Even I can help." I walk along an edge of a canyon and look over to find the activity I can help with. I find a clear plastic toy I shot like a cannon. Later, I am tired and want to go home. I feel like a nurse from Vietnam, tired, shocked etc. I bum a ride from George, a Native American who lives in these isolated parts. He takes a shortcut that is a hair raising ride, up a steep road hill and over and down. He laughs and says, "Hang on." I kind of like the sensation, like a roller coaster ride, and laugh. We get to town and I am exhausted and I say, "George will you marry me?" meaning it's so hard sometimes to do it alone. He actually takes me seriously and likes the idea as he respects and likes me. He starts talking about us spending time together. I smile and say, "How sweet, but I was just joking." He is sad and disappointed. I look in my wallet for some money to help pay gas. I find a voucher for 45 cents and then see a dollar bill, then a couple of fives. I give him a two dollar bill, which is more than I thought I could afford, but it's OK. I try to stuff all my papers back in the wallet to close it. I get out of the car, but he really wants to talk, to stay with me. Now I'm with a woman nurse who brought me home and we are watching the continuing romance of George and me as it blossoms. How very sweet and poignant. The woman yawns and asks if I need any help getting my bed made or arranged. I said no it's OK. I sleep in a child's bed. Then I wonder if I have refused help and will need it later as usual. The car is parked backwards in a steep driveway and the brakes are on, but it starts sliding backward to the garage and I wonder if I could be hurt by being cut in half as the car forces it's way into the garage. It stops and I am OK. I watch George and "me" hugging and think it happens that way sometimes, small town, two people get together and the romance and love slowly develops over time. I feel alone and sad as I get out of the car to go to my house, alone.