I am walking down the street and I see Marilyn. She has seen a display for candies, popcorn and pinwheels. She calls me over. She says, "What fun! I want one of these." I look them over and say, "Well, I'm going on to the meeting. See you there." I feel a little bad leaving her there alone because she was obviously inviting me to have this fun with her. I go on and start to go in a restaurant door and see I'm going into the bar side and go on to the next door and enter. I see my group several tables deep and ask one man to move a moment so I can get past him. He looks annoyed and doesn't want to move. So I say, "OK," and go around the other way. Now I am going into the house where the meeting is and I am greeted by Carleen with a face mask of a grandmother. I laugh. Another woman enters with a mask and costume on. I say, "Oh, no one told me this was a theme and we needed to bring masks." More enter. They all have stylized faces (like in dance in movie Victor/Victoria. I go into living room. Carleen says, Just put your dessert there." I feel badly because I didn't bring anything. I go on in and see some old easy chairs and grab one and start to scoot it closer to another woman who is scooting hers closer to me. We laugh and scoot back and forth. Then I notice my thumbnail on my right hand has like a fungus on it. I look underneath and it is like the sworls in an animal pad (foot) or like a big fungus that is on old dead trees. I start to peel it off. It's like bread crust on the heel of bread and squishy. I get it off; it is quite large. I put it in a plastic bag. It is kind of gross. A girl comes up, maybe 10 years old. There is some game getting ready to be played. I get up and go into the kitchen. I want to take my clothes off, maybe adjust my bra. I am headed for a back bedroom through the kitchen and get my top off before I get there. Leroy (my cousin) is in the kitchen doing dishes and he sees and smiles. I hold my top over my breasts and try to hurry through the door. I can't get it open and Leroy asks me to help do the dishes. I don't want to, but feel guilty; again, I'm not helping out.