Me pulling the green leaves and berries off some branches or a bush (not from a live one growing in the ground, but inside the house). A boy of 10 or 12 is impatiently telling me, "Mother's asleep" (I think) - as if I'm not supposed to be doing what I'm doing instead of her or without her knowledge or something. This is in an old rambling house with lots of old furniture and interconnected rooms. Lace doilies on little tables, throw rugs, etc. Some of "us" (family? friends?) - there's 3 or 4 of us, I think - are outside and there's a dog on the rampage - didn't we think it was a wolf at first? Anyway it turns out to be a black boxer or bulldog or something and it charges the back door. There's some kind of flap or opening in it that I plug up - I don't know what the people outside are doing but they're okay and they come in shortly. Somebody has rather by accident invited somebody like a neighbor to come over for something on the order of borrowing a cup of sugar. Trouble is this person always has a party with him/her. Kind of a group of hangers-on who just hang around talking and drinking tea and you can't ever get them to go away. For some reason I go to the front door. There are 2 of them in the room at the front, in a couple of chairs each with doilies, and little tables next to them with doilies and little lamps, and I think they're men in fairly formal suits and oblivious to anything around them. I sort of look at them in resignation or bemusement. There's a staircase here. (They don't go upstairs, after all they are just visitors, not a mob.) Outside there is a hutch as for rabbits or something, covered, not particularly nice. Next to it are a couple of little open shelters with no amenities. There is a guinea pig in each place. The sun is shining directly on the two outside and it's hot. The one inside is not particularly comfortable but he's okay. The other two are dehydrating and too weak to move. I come and look at them, feeling sad and sympathetic but no anger - I have the idea the person who set this up isn't there. I'm going to take them in and try to save them but I'm not sure I can. I'm not going to just let them die out here. The reason they're here if because they were replaced by the one inside like their usefulness as displays was used up. I want to come back and take away the other one, and get him out of the nasty cage. I'm sad.