I'm at work - sort of - it's the library, but doesn't look normal. Our office is a sort of long alcove, and there aren't any desks - just chairs facing out, lined up along the wall, 4 or 6 of them. I'm on the end away from the wall, and my chair is different. (I guess it's my stool.) There's a rectangular carpet in front of me, rather Persian-looking, but it's pretty thin and flat. It needs to be replaced, and I've put in a request but no response so far. Joe Bearden comes by, to use the copier I guess, and he's the one who deals with these things, so I ask him about it. He says that some measuring has to be done, so I get out my yardstick and we go to it. The carpet isn't actually straight, it turns out; at the spot where it crosses the metal strip on the floor that divides our office it jogs a little bit, and also a bit further on. You can't really see it until you put the yardstick down next to it, but it does mean that the new carpet will have to be specially made to correspond. About this time I realize how late it's getting, and I've got a yoga class to get to. I don't have a car at the moment, and I haven't got another way to get there since it's too late for (the bus?), so I'll have to take a cab. The class is in a place I haven't gone before, it's being held at a middle school almost all the way to my Mom's house. I'm sharing the cab with a guy I know, and he knows how to get there, so he tells the driver, but he doesn't go that way. The guy says that's okay, it's just another way to get there, but the driver seems to prefer this one. Heigh-ho. At the school, we pull into a sort of enclosed carport, and I get out. I don't know where to go, but there are a number of kids about, so I ask a boy who's with a group on the stairs. He doesn't know himself, but says he'll go in and ask a teacher. When he comes back, he takes me inside to a room that looks like it belongs in a school, rather old and institutional. It's next to a sort of kitchen. The boy introduces me to a teacher who says I can wait here while he goes to locate the class, but his look and manner suggest he thinks it's rather odd for me to be here. And he says he thought the class was just for kids. Well, he goes off to find out how I can get there, and I start wondering if maybe he's right - is this just a class for junior-high school kids? Ooh. I may be very out of place here. (The class, by the way, is one of the regular City Yoga Center classes - I think Fred's teaching. I just haven't ever come to this one before.) The teacher is gone a very long time, during which I doze off for a minute. After a while of poking around bored, I notice that it's flat dark outside. Good grief, how did that happen? I look out the window - I listen - I realize that there's nobody here. A lot more time has passed than I thought. The class is probably even over by now. I'm also concerned about how I'm going to get out of here. If I can find a phone I can call Mom, but that also means I'll have to find an unlocked door. I go towards the kitchen door and realize I'm hearing voices. Walking into the room, I find 2 or 3 women standing in a group, talking. One of them looks particularly startled when she sees me - and as I start to explain myself and ask how I can find a phone, etc., she lays into me like nobody's business, saying, "Don't you pull that stuff on me, I know all about people like you, you'd better get your butt right out of here" - or words to that effect. I apologize for being a nuisance and all and try to talk again, but she starts in again. She's quite pissed. One of the other women starts to speak to me - without the hostility - and the first one goes again. By this time I've had about enough abuse, and I say so. I raise my voice and very firmly tell her I'm not going to take any more crap from her, I want a telephone so I can call my mother to come get me out of this place*. She clams up. Another woman (who I think came up in the middle of this) takes over and says she'll help me out, so she escorts me away. She's very nice, this person - she's rather short, with medium brown hair, nice friendly face and manner if a bit reserved. Next thing, we're in a bathroom; I'm looking at myself in a mirror and we're having a conversation.