I am at Grandma Mildred's house. They are remodeling. They are going to make a huge bathroom where the second living room was. A white pipe is run up high on the wall and a huge tub is already installed. I say, "This will be great, now that it's just the two of you, but what if one of you dies and then it will be too big for just one?" I go into the kitchen. A woman and a man, both young, are passing a small feminine black hat back and forth to one another in a sort of ritualistic way. It is on a long white piece of crochet lace. I encourage them to do this ritual while they talk. The boy/man doesn't want to; he thinks it's silly. The young woman steps outside, perhaps she hears a noise. I follow. We are out in the wild fields now and I see some men, bad men, and they are trying to kill another man. Three of them have him down on his back and are choking him. I realize I am witnessing a murder. I say somewhat mildly, "You had better let him go because there are witnesses now." They hesitate and then let go, but I am worried. They could kill me. I look at them closely so I can remember details to tell the police. I say, "They are late 20's, early 30s. One man is in a white t-shirt and has a slight pot belly. They are very dangerous." They move away to regroup and the woman and I decide we'd better flee. Now we run and they chase and somehow I'm in an underground room with crates and boxes and we run and run. We climb a metal ladder thing attached to a wall and there are things from our car there and I'm trying to take these things with us but I must abandon them One rolls and drops, making a loud sound which gives us away and the men come running. We crawl up into a warehouse room and crawl into a cardboard box and hide. They are searching and are very close. It's almost like we are out in the open, pretending to be covered in the box and hoping they don't see us. As they talk, they seem to be moving closer and closer until it seems inevitable they would stumble on us, but they don't. One man crawls up high and swings across the room on a white rope thing. Now there is a tiny, bald-headed child, a child of one of the men, standing nearby staring at us. He/she sees us and we hold our breath, waiting to be told on. But she doesn't. The father of the child says to her, "We have to go now, to find those women, but you have to stay here and you better be good." It seems cruel and abusive. They leave, going down the ladder we had come up on, shutting and locking the child in this room with us. Then the child comes directly to us and then shows us a huge grain or freight elevator. We get in and ride it down. We see my red car and run for it. The men are chasing us. We get in the car, I have the key and we drive (I drive like hell). They are in a car in hot pursuit. It's dark, the road/trail is dirt and skinny and curvy. I drive fast and furious. They're right on our tail. Then they are in front of us and headed right for us to crash or block us and I swerve and go up a steep embankment, up onto railroad tracks. Very clever, they think. They turn and pursue. Now we are driving down the tracks, hoping a train doesn't come at us and bushes on either side of the road so we couldn't exit if we wanted to. Now we are crossing a train trestle and yep, there's a train coming. We get off the trestle at the other end and down a steep embankment just at the last second and the men don't. They crash in flames. We stop running. Now we are out of the car in the bushes and I see flames, a wild fire. I say to the man, "Let's get going." He says we should stay. I ask, "Why? The fire is coming it will come here and we'll burn." He says, "We must stay here." I want to leave, but I don't want to abandon him. I say, "What if it does come here?" He says, "It won't if this is kept mowed down and the fire will not come here to us." It's coming, I can see it. Now I feel real fear because the men are dead and spirits now and that makes them more dangerous. They have stronger powers and are invisible. I want out of there. I say, "What if it comes anyway?" He says, "It's OK, I have poison. I can give you some and we'll die." Just then a woman with dark hair, with mime white face and in a white linen business tailored suit, walks elegantly with a dead pan face toward us. Her face is long and angular. I am afraid!!