I am at a party in a rich woman's mansion. I go for a walk to find the bathroom, I go down a curved, ramped floor. I see an orchestra set up ready to play. I find the bathroom. A woman goes in and she says, "What a mess." I peek in and agree. I decide to wait. I walk on, looking for another one. I pass the orchestra and see a large carnival ride-like thing that swoops up and down and under it is a large water pond. There is a green alligator and wild cats that eat things. I think of going on the game and decide not to, those cats look vicious. I return the way I came and see a beautiful cello on the ground. I look more closely and ask the oriental man if that is a cello. He says, "Yes." I say, "It looked for a moment like a dulcimer, the color or type of wood, but I did think it was a cello." He smiles and then admires my skirt. It is a cotton wrap-around with designs and pictures that represent the history of Mexico. He is intrigued and bends down to look closely at the hem area. Suddenly, he rips off a section of the skirt and takes it. I am angry and say, "Wait, you made a hole." He ignores me. I walk on, trying to decide what to do. I decide I'll go find a policeman and return to get that piece of my skirt from him. I look at the ramp on the right, thinking of going back that way, but it looks too long and I'd get tired. So I go back the way I came up to the original level. I see Nate and feel sad and wistful. His wife is nearby and I think she may be the owner of this mansion. He stands close to me and we chit chat, but we look at each other with longing. She stops by and chats and walks out the door. Nate is going with her and he pauses to say goodbye like to an acquaintance, but we stand close and I brush my hand over his just to touch. It is a tender, secretive moment. He goes out. I turn to rejoin the party. Now I want to go home, to the old M City house, but first the woman of the house (sort of Nate's wife) says, "Why don't you take this carpet, for Charla." I agree and together we roll it up and she hands me pieces of tape and I wrap it around and around to secure the roll of carpet. Then Nate comes up and smiles gently and says, "Why don't I help carry that for you." I know this means he'll come in and we'll be lovers again. I want to resist, sort of, but I don't. The woman steps away and Nate says, "First, put this rose in my hair." He kneels like some ritual thing and I pluck a white rose or two from the table decoration and stand behind him to place the roses in the ponytail of long brown hair. It is touching and tender, and a ritual. I pat his head, maybe kissing it lightly. He says, "Move the family thing." I look to the table and see a big plate of food on a holder warmer dish and realize he means to move the plate so he can put the carpet roll on it for a moment before he heaves it on his shoulder, and we walk down the road to the M City house and some alone time for ourselves to make love. The carpet is short and small.