Michelle and I are going into a small theater to see Tony Randall. We sit in the balcony and enjoy the first half of the show. Then at intermission I decide I need to change clothes. [I'm not sure if this is because I've spilled something on myself, or because I'm tired of wearing these clothes and want to wear something more casual and comfortable.] We just live across the street (apparently M &amp; I are sisters) in a big house - we seem to have rather a lot of money - the house is tropical or Southwestern in style, red tiled roof, stucco walls, and the grounds are well landscaped - lots of yucca and patio-things, very nice indeed. Michelle goes to her room and does whatever, while I look for something else to wear. I know I'm pressed for time, but it takes me a while to get done. Michelle hears the intermission signal from across the street go, and says it's time - we have to go, but I'm not ready yet. I hurry, and she dashes off. I get finished, and go outside, where I stop (just for a second) to do something - I'm at a low brick wall, curved, around a sort of patio with lawn furniture on it (the wood kind with cushions) - and I see a man coming. I don't know who he is, and I wonder if I should stay around, maybe he's a burglar and if I leave he'll break in. I move off, thinking I'll avoid him, then I recognize him - he's our housekeeper or groundskeeper, he works here (he's an older guy with gray hair, nice-looking, rather dignified, butlerish). It occurs to me that maybe if I didn't recognize him, he doesn't recognize me and he'll think I'm a trespasser. Hmm. Well, I've got to get on, so I start to run - I'm sure the show won't start on time anyway, and I can see from here that there are still people going in (though that doesn't prove they're seeing that show). Before I get to the street, though, I remember something I've forgotten, I need to get my purse, I left it (in my room? on the patio wall?). Oh, hell - how long will it take to get it? Can I push my luck any farther? I hesitate for a minute, then give in and run back for it.