I am sort of a office worker or a head resident again, only Rochelle and I work together for the, whatever organization it is. I decide to start cleaning up a corner on my desk and discover lots of old things that had been around when I was head resident at Uni house. I find several dead plants. I exclaim at one, "Oh, it's dead, I think," and wonder if it got water, if it would still grow new shoots. I find some necklaces and ask if anyone knew who's they were. A woman claims them. I was kind of hoping no one would so I could have them, they were pretty. Now I'm putting piles of papers and things in boxes and going to take them home and sort them. Rochelle is seated on a couch and a woman in a wheelchair comes to the door. I am standing between them. They are role-playing talking to each other on a phone and I am coaching them. I teasingly say to the one behind the half-open door, "Now remember, you're calling your girlfriend." I feel good about being so open and friendly about her lesbianism. After they exchange a few sentences, the role play is over and Rochelle is blushing and has bright red lipstick on. She says that is hard. I agree and say, "Communication is an art form; it is hard," and encourage her to continue trying. I go on packing. I step outside and see buses arriving. Big bands are arriving for a musical evening which I'm not staying for because it will be too crowded and uncomfortable. I see a marimba band bus and think, "Maybe I will stay, after all some really good music will be here," but still I know I won't stay. A couple of the musicians call out to me for directions to the play they will play, and I ignore them, shy and not wanting to connect with them, although there is a part of me that is like a fan and wants to connect. I am sort of regretting doing this even as I continue doing it. I go back inside and think, "Maybe I'll stay." I go out to the backyard where it will be held and try to imagine it full of 2,000 people. I would have to go into the woods and pee because I'd never get through all those people to get back inside, especially in my wheelchair. I then drive my chair down a wooded path where no one is, using a small flashlight attached to my wheelchair and squat and pee. I am wearing my swirly multi-colored skirt of Uni house days. I return and go inside. No, I won't stay. I gather up some boxes, I see a t-shirt, black with a picture of me as a cheerleader in my French beret hat. I see an old wrinkled red head resident hat of Uni house, etc. I go ask a couple of young men to help me carry these boxes out.