I'm with a group of people I work with at a large stadium/auditorium, shortly before some show or event is about to start. The others are talking about another of us who isn't here, something has happened to him - something pretty serious, either he's dead or is having some big trouble - and I don't know what it is. I was gone when this came up, and I'm feeling quite left out and frustrated, because they're assuming everybody knows and not explaining what's happened. Our boss comes along, and he asks me to go off with him, and I tell him what's going on. He seems to have a bit of trouble dealing with this sort of personal thing from his staff, he's very uncomfortable - he does try to explain a little bit, but the whole thing is awkward for both of us. We go along to the inside of the auditorium. Everybody is getting organized, locating their seats, getting their groups together (this is some sort of corporate thing - all these groups are people who work together). We go to one of the tiers and stop where he greets a man that he knows, and they talk. Apparently my boss means to sit here with the other group, but nobody's taking any notice of me - I can't tell if I'm meant to sit here as well, or should I go to be with our own group? I look around for them, and think this place is so big they must be out of eyesight, but then suddenly I discover they're sitting right behind us, a tier up. Hoping to remind him, I tell my boss, "Look! There's our group right behind us!" and he turns - there's also a pillar behind so he has to lean out a bit - and there they are sitting just up there. Good. That's reassuring, at least, I can go right up there. Later: I'm at a hotel that's in an area where there's a lot of other hotels and businesses, maybe it's not far from an airport. I've been here before, at a hotel not far up the road, where some other episode happened like a murder mystery or something. This time I've had car trouble - the water hose [same thing that actually happened yesterday], and this psychiatrist has come to help out. I was at his office with a friend and he drove me back here while she stayed there. We drive back to his office and I park the car in front while he goes in to get my friend and his secretary. It's after 5, and they're getting ready to go out, they're all dressed up. However, as my friend and I go to get into the car, I notice another puddle under the car and more steam coming from under the hood. Oh dear, not again. I say to everybody, "We have another problem", and we're all disappointed. The psychiatrist is frustrated - they really wanted to get on but it looks like sticking around to help me out again.