I am trapped in a world where I can't find my way out and back to my own universe. Charla and I are walking down a long series of halls, endless. We go faster and faster. I worry I will step in the open holes in the metal floor and fall or hurt myself. I finally see a light coming out of a crack in a door in the wall and try to peek in. I am excited because finally I see other people. It's a class of some kind. I pound on the door and then see they are coming out. I step back so they can open the door. They come out and I go in and see a woman seated on a chair. I assume she is the teacher. I speak to her. I tell her I need help because I'm not of this world, and I was all alone, and it is such a relief to find people, and how do I get back? She is very noncommittal and says, quite unsurprised, that she understands because she isn't of this world either. I say, "Really! Then can I get back?" She says, "Come on to my apartment. We'll talk. We walk a few lengths of a hall and enter her apartment. I see one small living room and a tiny kitchen cubicle. There's not much stuff in there. I ask if I can go back and she doesn't answer. She says, "Will you have dinner?" I say, "Sure. I'll help you clean up after." She shrugs. "You can if you want to, but it's not necessary." She takes a pot of pink stuff and throws it on the floor. I watch as it just disappears into the floor and nothing is messed up. I realize this universe does everything for you. If you want to cook or teach or do dishes or anything, you can, but if you don't, the universe does it. I realize it's sort of a small universe which convolutes on itself because everything doesn't really exist. I show Charla. I stand next to the wall and mark it up terribly. Then I wait for a few seconds (3?) and it repairs itself. I say to the wall, "Change your color - red, black, yellow. It changes to each color. I tell it to go back to the original color. I realize this is very bad, in the long run. What will these people do with their time? There is no challenge. I see the teacher is bored and unanimated.