I move into a house and I'm looking it over. I am in the kitchen. I see I have two tables there and wonder if I should move the yellow one out, even though it matches the stove in color. I go around to the back of it and see lots of drawers. I open them and see the previous owner has left stuff. I look through it, hoping I'll find something I like and can use. I see potato peelers and I open one drawer and see it is a mini stove, a sort of built in hot plate thing. I think that's neat. I see tiny coke bottles and gather them up to throw them out. I think they are cute. I decide to keep this table. I pick up cards off the other table that were laid out all in a row. I open a door and see it goes to more rooms, an old room with bits of leftover furniture stored, chairs, etc. I open another door and see a flight of stairs that go down to a basement and a flight of stairs that goes right back up the other side. I try to look around the corner at the bottom to where the basement room goes to the right, but don't want to go down there. I shut the door hurriedly, kind of scared. I then decide to throw the trash down a flight of stairs to the garbage can. Then I decide to go down there and look around. I see I own a motorcycle. I go down and practice riding it, around and around slowly in a circle on the blacktop of my driveway. A neighbor man watches, interested. I see I have a shop front glass window at the ground level and peek in. Perhaps it was an art store. There are lots of windows that let in light in this house. Now I am ready to go for a morning ride on the motorcycle to take picture. I notice I am near a river. I go down the path. Then I see some tree stumps hanging out near the path, dead logs really, laying down. I stop to take pictures of them. I am very artistically intent. The man follows, watching, pleased with me. I see a bright blotch of golden sunlight diffused with ducks flying up and I swing around and snap pictures. There will be beautiful pictures. I go on, more confident with my driving ability. I get to the small coastal town I now live in. I wander around looking at the shops.