I am remembering to be a para in a wheelchair so I'll be able to use the dream experience to help me write the Disney movie. I sit in the chair and feel what it's like to push it with my hands, a sports chair. I am going across a bridge, a long one over a huge river and it is now a boat. And as I move down the sidewalk, it is going up and down in the waves. I hang onto the grid metal grating very hard. Each wave brings me down closer to the water. I back up a bit, and the next wave gets me closer to the water. Finally, I am over my head and under water. I hold my breath. Finally, we reach land. I get off and go find a place to stay. I share a tiny apartment with some other people. There are no bathtub or shower facilities there. I'll have to shower at school. I am annoyed at my roommates. One is a stupid young innocent college age girl who follows around the big, handsome, self-centered young man, who is quite willing to take advantage of her and make love to her and then dump her. I am angry at them both. I go into a tiny bathroom and pee. It is 1 o'clock in the morning and I need sleep because tomorrow is the first day of school. Then I wake up and we immediately head on out, looking for a bus. I see a street, N. 4th. It's a city like Dover. We go to the street. Someone says, "Go to the right, there's a mall." But I look to the left and see a bus station stop. I go in that direction as I hear one of my roommates whine he was hungry and would have wanted to get something to eat while he waited for the bus. I pass a popcorn stand and think, he can eat that. Now I am balancing, walking, on a curb of a skinny sidewalk. I feel kind of proud I can do this balancing act. Nobody particularly notices. I get to the bus stop and see two oddly dressed people miming and holding out brochures. I joke with my roommate out loud, teasing the people. I say, "Oh, look, here are some strange people that want our attention. I'm going to ignore them." They shrug and we pass. Then I realize they are the people with the bus route information and say, "Oh look, they had what I wanted and I walked right by." I go back and get a bus route book off a counter. I see a woman in a wheelchair and she works for the bus. I ask the way to the college. She says, "There's a map over here. I see it but it is really high up for a person in a wheelchair to see well. I notice I have a bunch of file folders I don't need, old booklets of the disability unit at the community college, Xmas craft project instructions, a satin angel ornament. etc. I try to sort them out, and only take the stuff I need for college today. I now have a huge bag of yarn and a half knitted thing on double point needles. The woman says, "Is this yours?" I say, "It wasn't, but I guess I'll take it." Then the woman points out a fat woman in an old manual chair in line for the bus. She says, "Too bad, that one really smells" (hasn't taken a bath for a while). She'll probably take the seat on the bus and I'll have to wait for another one. I look at my watch. It's noon. I still have time, but I am feeling frustrated and concerned and burdened down with all this stuff I'm carrying. I wonder if there is a locker there nearby where I can store some of this until I get back from class.