I'm in a house. I may live here but maybe it's a long visit, I'm not sure. The people who live here are friends, not my very best ones, I don't know them really well, but we're getting along fine. I have the front room for my bedroom. Right now the others have gone into another room that opens into mine and shut the door. (This includes several people, I think it's a couple of married couples and another friend or 2 - I'm thinking only one of the couples lives here and the others are just pals. We do mix, me and them, but not constantly, so they're doing their own thing at the moment while I do mine.) This room wasn't meant for a bedroom, probably a dining room, so it's not completely isolated. Lori and Renee come to visit, and while I'm not looking they set up a "Christmas tree" for me - not a real tree, but made out of some odd things and it's just wonderful, I'm thrilled. It's sitting on a counter/shelf affair, and I also find they've tucked away a taco salad for me as a present. How neat. It's enormous, and good-looking. I start to dig into it, and they leave. I eat some of the stuff off the top, there's several layers, and eventually uncover some lettuce I hadn't known was there, that's great! I was thinking it was going to take quite a while to eat. About this time the others come out of the room and sit around in my room. I think I'll spend a few minutes on the porch. There's a door from my room, and I go through, thinking I'll play with Doggie a bit, she's outside. Just as I get out, she's running across the street chasing something, maybe a cat. It's a very busy street, she shouldn't be out loose, and I call for her to come back, but I'm anxious that she be very careful. She is; she looks for the traffic and waits till it's clear, then runs across and bounds up to the porch and I give her a rub. She's so nice. Suddenly I hear a noise down on the ground - I hadn't identified it as barks or growls, but when I look I see a group of 3 or 4 dogs getting mixed up with each other and maybe about to start a real fight. I'm disturbed at this, and want them to go away. I make what I mean to be a loud noise and clap my hands, they do stop what they're doing. All but one of them move off, but one - presumably the instigator - looks around and in a flash jumps up on the porch. He's bigger than Doggie, and black, mean-looking. He doesn't attack but skulks around acting threatening. I know I don't want to antagonize him and probably shouldn't make any sudden moves, but I'm scared. I stay still, and call out to the people inside. It takes a couple of tries because at first I wasn't loud enough, trying to be careful. The woman who lives here comes out, seeing the situation, and she's not afraid. She says to me I'd better get inside, so I step back and reach for the screen door - there's another door that I'm closer to - and let myself in carefully.