I am in a wheelchair and going down a sidewalk. There is a man in a wheelchair that is like the deli man, mentally retarded and nonverbal. He wants to talk to me. I stop and listen while he sort of mumbles or something and I somehow figure out what he's saying. He's asking me where I'm going and what I do. I say I'm a teacher, which intimidates him. I go on, leaving him behind, knowing he would like to connect with me, but I sure don't want to connect with him. I am going to catch a bus. I get to the bus. It is tall and forbidding. The doors are closed. I rap on the door and say, "Lift" or "wheelchair." He finally opens the door. A strange stretcher-like thing comes out and we zip up; I am positioned and he starts driving. I think, "Hey, I'm not tied down," and then realize this is a very modern and wonderful bus. I am tied down automatically. I look out the window and am amazed at the very modern high tech things I see, monorail trails, and realize I'm on one too. We curve this way and that and once I notice I can see ahead where there are no rails, but we are going that way and I wonder how we can do that. I must be in the future. Big red sleek trains pass us. This is the way of the future. I have my yellow writing desk pad on my lap and a telephone. Some man sits to my left. I ignore him as I continue with my business. Then I want to put my things away, I put them in a cubby hole locker thing on the wall to my right. I stuff them in. I now have two small blue fanny packs and they both have lots of money in them and I put them in, noticing the man is watching. I hope he isn't going to steal the money when I nap. I zip up the compartment. It has two zippers, one on each side. Then the man wants to talk to me and I grab him by the throat and say, "Leave me alone." This really scares him and he gets up and goes to sit in the lap of the train driver like a scared little boy as I or a sort of narrator says, "Naw, he's not scared." It's funny. Then a little girl sits next to me, on my left. She wants my attention. Then I see a sort of scene where the daddy comes home and the child is delighted to have him there because it's someone else to play with and relate to. It was getting old just having the mommy around. She got grumpy. He's in the bathroom, taking off his pants, presumably to take a bath or get ready for bed. Now I have the little girl who wants to curl up on my lap and I try to ignore her. Then I realize she feels sad and neglected. I take her in my lap, remembering how it felt to hold my girls when they were little, like 2 or 3 years old. I pat her on the butt and leg gently as a way to comfort her. I look out the window and see a blue woodpecker or blue jay in a pond of water and other pretty sights of wilderness (a tamed city kind of wilderness).