I am seated in a row boat which is on its boat trailer on land. Howard is there. Dovre is too. Dovre takes my crutches and goes around deliberately falling down in front of people so they will rush to her thinking she is a crippled girl and pick her up. I am embarrassed that she would do this. I watch her do it; she's in a dress and she falls. The people rush over, all in sympathy. Dovre is grinning and playing it up. I shrug and think, "Well, if that's what she wants to do, but I'd never do that. I can't believe she would do it." Then suddenly the boat starts rolling down the steep hill. I hang on and say to Howard, "What's happening?" He says, "I don't know." He peeks over the edge of the boat and looks at the wheels. I say, "This thing is running away. This could be dangerous." He starts to get out to pull it to a stop. I lean this way and that to give it direction, to steer it. I do it well and he pulls it and I turn it so that it must go uphill, which finally brings it to a stop. I say to Howard, "I did that. Didn't I do that well? I think I did that well." He says, "Oh yeah, that was OK." I really want him to compliment me. He's his usual noncommittal self. Now we start pushing it back up the hill. I am still in it and I ask him if he wants me to get out so it won't be so heavy to push. As he is deciding if he wants me to get out, another woman gets in, expecting a ride up the hill. I say, "Hey, we have to get out. I'm getting out too." She says, "Well, if you're getting out, then I suppose so." She is reluctant to move. I get out and now I am climbing up a narrow shaft of stairs. I know this is hard to do and I am thankful the shaft is so narrow that I can lean my back against the wall of one side as I walk up the stairs, or I would fall, it is so steep. I place one hand on the next step up and pull myself up one step at a time. Finally I find the top. I can't pull myself up the last step and I call out for help. "Help, help," I call. People laugh and refuse to help me. "I have trouble walking," I say. They sneer. I finally manage to pull myself up and I stand, brushing away the dust on my knees. I see an open room, a sort of classroom where people are seated and I say to them, "That's one more karma for you." They sneer and laugh at me. I walk on, trying to get back to where we'd started. I see a poster on the ground. It says Andrea and Mel Torme. I think I'm in a Mexican village.