Some cousins and I go down a hall to see a small cubicle at the end of the hall where my parents have moved some of their things to store. They have put up pictures on the wall and knick knacks and it's like a tiny, crowded living room. Their regular living quarters are a long way back down this hall. I guess they needed extra storage space. I look at the pictures. I see one and pick it up off the sort of "plate holder" contraption holding it up. I then see the holder is a series of figurines my mother had made years ago. One is the wicked witch of the west, out of clay like her little pilgrims she made. I see it is her face on the little figure. I laugh. I show it to my cousins. My father is there. I ask when was it we went to Disneyland. She says the first time was years ago, I'd just had one of the babies and I wanted to go, but I was in a lot of pain and they didn't want to release me from the hospital. I said, "Really? I thought we only went once when I was in high school." She says, "No, after the babies, we went." I say, "After the girls, huh?" Then I remember there was me and then two boys and then Lydia. I say, "What did you do?" She says I told her (the nurse) I always fight for who I am. My father said, in response to my repeated question, what did you do? that "She nursed her," meaning the nurse nursed her to ease the pain (meaning somehow removing milk from breasts). Now I go into a tiny room next to this tiny room, which is Dovre's bedroom. I am looking at the shelves of boxing gloves and things like that she has. She's in the armed services. Three men from her unit come in. One is a black man. He says to her -- my back is to him as I'm looking at all this sports equipment -- he says, "I'd like to talk to you, Fever, alone, in private." I say, "Well, then I'd best give you some space to be private, FEVER." They step out of the room, expecting Dovre to follow. I say, "No, I'll step out, it's your room after all." I go out. I tell my parents of the incident, only this time my mother is white and my father is black. Or maybe they are Dovre's parents. They look worried like maybe she'll choose a black husband, because that's what she had as a father (Dovre looked completely white.) Now we've moved on somewhere, and are walking. A woman is standing by the path, gesturing to us to look. Dovre says in awe, "She's dripping in gold." She has a number of gold chain necklaces on she is trying to sell. This completely fascinated Dovre. I feel her being drawn away to this. I am worried. Now it's sort of cowboy days. The black men come back and harass us. He says, "Go ahead, hit me." I say, "No, I won't because that's what you expect." Now he's grabbed me and holding me close to him belligerently. My knee is right up against his balls. He says, "Go ahead, kick me in the balls." I'm tempted but say, "No, that's what you expect." I then push him down on the ground somehow and say, "But I will eat your face off," and begin to bite him ferociously. This surprises him and it hurts him and (I think I got him down by stepping on his foot hard with stiletto heels). Now he's not protecting his balls so I knee him there. Just as I thought, he had a plastic protector on. He laughs and says, "See, no balls." I say, "I knew that."