I am rehearsing a play and asking the dancer, actors to do a bit where they line up against the wall and dance. They do it, but I see they are invisible through the entire dance until the last musical riff, and then I see sparkly lights where their feet are, and then I see them materialize. I do this several times, really mystified as to why I can't see them. Then I realize, "Oh, black light." I then run and look up on the ceiling and see a small light fixture and know that's where the black light is coming from. I say pointedly to the people in the production booth up by the ceiling, which I cannot see, "Hey, wiggle the light up and down." They don't. Now I go stomping across the floor, I gather up papers and head for the boss's office. I snag a woman actress, I yell up at the producers, "Get down here now, we're having a meeting. I'm going to blow the whistle." We get to the boss's office. I hear him in there talking to someone. A young man comes in and I say, "The other one too." He goes back out the door to get him. I glower at the young woman. The man returns with another young man and I say, "OK, him too, but I really meant Merle." "Really?" says the guy, surprised, "I thought sure you'd want Bob, what with our outrageous ways of producing." I say, "Get Merle. Merle. (Rob Reiner) comes in. He says, "What's up?" I lean into him as he sits on a table top and say ominously, "Someone's going to be out of a job." He assumes it's him and gets up saying, "Might as well take a walk." He leaves. I realize then he misunderstood and thought I was accusing him. I hope he comes back. The boss comes out and I say to him, "I want a few minutes of your time, it is important, very important, underline important!" He agrees and says, "Just a minute." He leaves, I assume to the bathroom. I realize I need to pee and lay my papers down and say, "I'll be right back." I go out to the hall and see a door to the right. It has a long metal stick for easy wheelchair access on the door. The word Jail is printed on the door. I wonder what that means. I go in to pee and then I wake up, thinking, "Might as well not bother, I need a real toilet."