A silly-looking man and the ditsy Corkie from Murphy Brown are in a car. He's driving. Suddenly the car is going backward and he is startled. Then it goes forward again. They come to a stop and get out. She says to him, "Why don't you go wash the bottom of that window for the owner of this gas station/store?" It's a huge plate glass window. He grumbles and says, "No way," but he does it. He has a huge window mop and sprays water on the window and washes it. I see the black dirt rinsing off and it is squeaky clean. Then she is talking about how amazing the dream was. She says, "Why don't you do it?" (meaning work it). He doesn't want to, it's too awesome. He does and then she says it's her turn to work it. She is going to put her foot in his hand and he will lift her up. This is working it. She says, "OK, but where will I hold on? Oh," she says, "by the roots of your hair," and delicately grabs the hair at the base of his neck. He says, "Not the roots!" because that would be painful. "OK," she says. She holds her foot up, it's tiny and in a spiked heel shoe. He's standing awkwardly and this is embarrassing for them to do because it's such an intimate stance. As she is leaning forward to get balance, she accidentally kisses him on the lips. She says, "OH! I never meant to do that. This is so embarrassing. I should have known better than to work a dream. What will my husband think?" She then turns and walks away from him. Now I am watching as a stream of men and women come into the house and walk back to the back bedroom. They are all dream workers and can't wait to get started working the dreams. Their family members are hanging out in the living room, several laying on the couch. One man groans and says it's his brother going in there, it's so boring and weird. They are always so thrilled and excited when they are talking about what this means and that means in the dreams, like who cares! I am so amazed because I am a dreamer and want to go to the back room, but it so fascinating hearing the perspective of the significant others to the dream work -- I'd never seen this perspective before -- that I want to hang out and listen in. Ellie comes out of the room carrying bags of her stuff with her. She'd been driven out of her own bedroom because of their enthusiasm.