I am still in a school and someone says they are holding the masters exam in drumming. Someone mistakes me for a Master's student and says, "Come on, you're next." On a whim, I decide to try it. I wear green and yellow sweats (UO colors) and brush my hair up into a weird male pompadour hairdo. I go in, and up on stage. I bang away on chairs, drums, walls, anything around and the rhythm is quite good. I hope they don't ask me any theory questions; I wouldn't know them. I think about what a 16th note would be like. The audience loves me. They think I'm a guy and they cheer wildly for me. They are far back in the auditorium. I walk down a side ramp or stairs toward the front of the stage. I see the head of a professor, but not his body. I guess the body is behind a wooden door, partition, at the front of the stage. I am a bit arrogant. Later, I wake up and then fall back into this dream. Only this time, we are in the next morning and we have to have our pictures taken. I am wearing a sexy black strapless dress that curls provocatively over my full breasts. I look down and notice my nipples are showing and try to readjust the dress. I head for the bathroom and some woman says, "Don't forget, don't eat or drink anything before the pictures" (like a nurse would say before a test of some kind). I say, "But I can go pee, right?" She agrees. I go in and try to pee, but can't. A woman opens the door and closes it. I get up and go out, headed for the stage area. I want to hurry and get the picture over with so I can change into my drummer suit (male) and play. I again notice my nipples are showing and readjust. I think, "Maybe I should change now. It wouldn't do for my mother to see me dressed like this." I joke, "Maybe I should hold my hands like this," over the breasts to cover them; it looks silly. The woman comedian from the community college is there and saying she just can't do this. She's going to give up and not do a picture. I shrug, a quitter. Oh well, it's her choice.