I am in bed, taking a daytime nap, curled on the bottom right corner. The bed is next to a wall with a window. I sense someone coming into the room and laying down on the bed with me. I wonder who it is and then as that person readjusts their position, I roll back into them so that we are now in spoon fashion. I know this person is a woman and wonder if it is Dora or Ellie. I feel a bit uncomfortable about it and then decide to just relax and not worry about it. What will happen will happen. She leans into me and sweetly caresses my hair and kisses me once on top my head like someone would do for a baby or a dear friend. I do not respond, but feel loved. She gets up and leaves. I sit up and look out the window and see a cafe outside and wonder what it serves to eat. It could be fun eating in a place so conveniently near home. I see bears, like Russian circus bears, and call to my daughter to come look. Now I go outside to see the bears. One comes near and rolls over as though it wanted its tummy rubbed. A woman goes over to do that. I warn her to be careful, these are bears and could still be dangerous. She rubs her scruffy, fuzzy, slippered foot on the bear, who rolls back over and growls and starts to bite her foot. She backs off, afraid. I go to distract the bear by making noises. I am aware I do not want to put myself in danger just to save her. A man passes by and pushes the bear and it goes off and away. I notice we are on a beach and the ocean looks inviting. My girls want me to be in the boat with them, and as I am trying to climb up the side of the boat to get in, they speed it up and head for deeper waters. At first it is playful and then more serious. I say over and over, "Please wait until I get in." This could get dangerous. Finally I am in. They are sort of surfing with the boat. We'd go up a wave and surf down the curl. It is scary and I don't want to do it, but as it repeats, I start to get used to it and enjoy it. Then I see we're still in the bay or protected water. I look over and see the real ocean, dirty with oil drilling crews and huge, hard waves. The girls want to boat in it and I decline, saying, "They are working here. We'd only get in the way." So we go on down the shoreline and then the water gets deeper and a wave comes up to my waist. I am clothed and all wet. I look behind me and see it's big waves coming. I look ahead, on down the shoreline, and see we're being funneled into a slooshing thing which could get dangerous very fast. I try to find handholds on the now high bank we are near. I wonder when the open beach became this wall of dirt and tree roots. I find a way up and call out to them. They announce they also found ways up. I crawl up, ripping out rotten boards to reveal a roadway up there I could get to. I pull and struggle to get up there because the waterway is getting very scary and dangerous.