I'm outdoors, in an area with a lot of trees and open space, away from downtown, though you can see it over the tops of the trees. [Something is happening that involves mention of a hospital.] I'm going to walk up to the street [and do something, maybe I'm going for a car or a cab or an airplane]. As I walk over a slight rise, I can see more of downtown and the power lines that crisscross the air. On one of them are two figures, much larger than life but somewhat smaller than parade balloons - one's Batman (black suit and cape, like the movie), and the other one's female, and they're lying on the wire, embracing as if they're making love, but with all their clothes on. She's got long dark hair and dark clothing. I don't know precisely who she is, but I accept this as quite normal. It's apparently some sort of promotional stunt for the next Batman movie. What it appears to be is two real people inside some sort of giant costumes, and they operate inside them as if it was themselves. As I walk, watching from time to time, they get more vigorous. Out of the corner of my eye it looks quite real. Finally their humping gets real exaggerated, and they raise up in the air high enough to turn over backwards and fall off. As you might expect, Batman "flies" down, doesn't drop like a stone, and goes out of sight behind something. I'm still walking on, and now I see the two of them standing on a rise, their arms out, facing more or less my direction, their mouths open. They're singing, but I'm too far away to hear. More of the promotion. Up in the sky, there are little private planes from time to time - actually quite a lot of traffic - and now some of them are towing banners that say, "Batman". I pass by them and come to Lloyd's house. Lloyd lives right on a main street in a sort of industrial district; next to maybe an auto salvage yard, across from an empty lot, like that. It's part of a group of houses, though, an interconnected project a bit like condos, maybe, and the road by them goes from the street back, past his house, into the complex. I go through his house and speak briefly to him and a woman friend who's with him. [Whatever was going on where I started out, they are part of, or at least they know all about it.] They ask if there's anything for them to do, and I say no, I'm just going on out to get [the car?]. About now, I notice what I'm wearing. It's a sort of baby-doll top and underpants, seems to be blue or black, something dark, but quite short, nearly doesn't reach my thighs, and suddenly I'm very self-conscious. I could do something about it, I guess, ask Lloyd or the other woman if I could change, or something, but I don't want to appear unsure of myself, or scared. So I go on out, wondering if they're thinking I shouldn't be going outside dressed like this. I step onto the sidewalk, take a few steps, stop and think about it some more, get concerned whether Lloyd and the woman can see me dithering through the window, take a few more steps past the window, stop again. Agonize a bit more, then give up and decide to go back. I walk down the drive next to the house, not looking at it so as they won't see me retreating, and pass the house till I come to the end of the building, where there's a carport and then another bit of matching building. At the back of this I turn in between the houses and meet a boy, maybe 10 or 11. He's new here, just hanging out, and I talk to him for a minute. [I find myself explaining to him how these houses are arranged, that this back part is a laundry (very nice, too, completely carpeted and even lounge furniture this end) that's shared by Lloyd and the guy behind him.]