I'm in a sort of back alley or somewhere dark and hidden, meeting up with some creatures that I've come here to work with - they are at war or have been attacked/conquered by some people, humans, and I'm helping them. These creatures are animals, little ones mostly, furry mostly, and nice guys. They have their own way of life and everything, they've done nothing to harm anybody, these humans are just bent on taking over and enslaving the little guys because they're little and they think the little guys aren't as good as them. [I don't know for sure if this is another planet but I sort of think it is.] The ones I'm meeting come, quietly, stealthy, and we talk about what to do. (I'm not alone, I think, there's another person with me - it may be Lori.) We go into the building we're next to - it's a sort of warehouse, and there are rows of storage shelving with things on them. It's dark except for occasional lights on the wall, meant as sort of night-lights or security, I guess - the whole place is dim and has a mysterious, suspense-drama look. The enemy is somewhere in here, they're coming this way, looking for the little people they know are in here. We spread out and get ready. Suddenly they're upon us, and a battle starts. Everybody's running around the stacks, people are yelling, it's chaotic, and bit by bit we retreat. [I don't know what kinds of weapons are being used, and I don't know if anyone's killed - don't think so.] The fighting lasts a while, but eventually everybody's out except me and my companion, we're staying behind to see what we can find out - we're going to pretend we're part of this group. They're pleased with themselves, thinking they've won again, and start setting up tables and equipment for a meal, they're going to celebrate. [Gradually the character of this scene changes. The "military" people become people I work with, the warehouse becomes the library, and the meal they're setting up becomes a catered dinner for the staff.] There's a table right in the middle where some people are already sitting, and I wonder if maybe I should sit there, or are they expecting somebody else they know? I hesitate, and don't want to draw too much attention to myself. This looks like the head table and maybe that's where I should be to hear the most, but I might be conspicuous. Then someone suggests that we can both sit together at this other table, the last one in the corner. Good, fine, we go there, sitting at the far end*. There's a lot of conversation, we're all having a pretty good time, but I'm getting hungry, we've been waiting for them to let us know the food's ready. At some point this table's developed walls around it, it's in a side room. Finally we decide it's been long enough, and venture out to see what's going on. By George, everybody else is eating! We'd better get started. First we come to a sort of appetizer bar where a blondish woman is serving dips and crackers. It's pretty depleted. I take a little plate and get a few crackers, dunking some of them into a white dip. Not very exciting, but a start I guess. (The server also looks bored and unaccommodating.) Nearby I can see a salad bar but I want some more substantial food, so I go on around this station (which is backed up to a wall of sorts - the whole place is sort of an open hall with partitions, and I couldn't see past the appetizers) to where there are tables for the rest of the food. But they're taking it away, most of the tables are cleared already! I'm horrified and furious. I go up and ask what the hell they're doing, we haven't eaten yet. This thing's not supposed to be over for another (20 min? 2 hrs? I'm not sure), either, they can't do this. Obviously there's not all that much left, anyway, but still, I'm hungry and I'm not going to sit still for this - I paid $7.95 for this meal and if I have to go out and get my own I damn well want my money back. The servers tell me the guy in charge has just gone down to the (lounge?), I'll have to talk to him. The others (from my table) are not as worked up about this as I am, but Lori and I go after him; I'm working up a fine rage.