I've moved to a new town. I do something with videos. A good-looking man named Claude who is a para wheels up. I am walking. I like him very much. He's younger than I. We keep moving positions in chairs and so on to get closer and closer. I feel so happy with him. We are talking about a video project or something, but we are really just loving being together. He goes down a ramp and I lay down on a bench next to the railing. I say, "We start in the sea and we end in the sea. Or is it...," I wonder which way it goes. Then I decide we start in the sea, come up on land, traverse the hard, high mountains and during the golden years hang out on the high plateau. Then I couldn't figure out why we just didn't stay there until death, but decide we then go back downhill until we are in the sea again. That is life. We hop onto the bench and we are laying together. It is sweet, then he kisses me and I respond and it is a bit tentative like did he really mean to kiss me or are our lips just so close together, but then he hugs me and says he loves me. I say, "I love you too." I am thrilled. I have a beau, someone to be with. I say, "I have an appointment at 4 pm to pick up my van, it's being fixed. Then we can go to the party." He says fine, whatever, just wants to be with me. It is 3:30. I go looking for my address book to get the name, I think it's Frank, and the phone number. I'll call and maybe it's not ready and I won't have to go. I look all over. I go upstairs. It's not there. I can't remember the guy's name. I go to the kitchen after pausing to kiss my man on the way through. I look at several books in a drawer; I see a few pieces of jewelry. A woman friend comes in and I want to tell her of my wonderful happiness and good fortune. I want to think about what sexy wonderful thing to wear for the party to please him. I am starting to get frustrated about not finding the name. I see a list CoLO, the first friend I met in this town, who was also involved with video. It is because of video I met Claude, who reminds me of a young man actor I met. He is soft and sweet and maybe a bit pudgy, but not unattractively so. I love how soft he feels. I can't wait to get to the party and be with him so all my friends can see I have a love. I think to myself, "How painful it would be if he just stopped loving me. How would I bear it?" I fervently hope he doesn't just disappear or fall out of love with me. I am older, after all. Maybe, but then I go into the room where he is, all aglow, and he is still there. I am thrilled.