I am in a living room with a women's group, like Merton Circle. I get up and go to the kitchen for a snack. I put a tea bag in a glass of boiling water and let it steep a long time. The other women come in and offer to help me. I refuse their help because I am doing fine. I go into another room and there is a baby. I touch her hair and it's coarse and nappy. Someone says, "That's an Asian baby," and I say, "No, black." I then look and see she has Asian slant eyes. I amend my opinion and think she is Asian with an American soldier black father. I like the baby and play with her and pat her hair. Now Dwight comes to me and says he's drunk, so he won't help drive home tonight. I realize that means it's my father and me and I feel tired. I feel a bit resentful, but I'm also glad he was up front about his condition. Dwight then says, "I was supposed to go over to Sonja's house and look at the stairs, to see if I can fix them, but they aren't home. Should I go in anyway?" He is hesitant. I go out and look over to her house. Aunt Esther comes over and says, "Go ahead, go on in." I open a door and go from room to room, very pleased with what I see. Each room is unusual in shape and design. There is hardly any furniture, like the 1950's abstract shapes. There are long, curved rooms with panels of breezy curtains. I see a door with a number on it like this was once an office building. I hesitate and Esther says, "Go on in." I open the double doors (like hotel suite connecting doors) and step into an empty veranda room where the opposite wall is missing, and a huge, warm ocean is there, lapping up to the level of the floor. I gasp and say, "I would kill to have a room like this." I go look at the ocean, trying to see if it is deep or shallow. I see some rocks on the bottom and Lydia goes out wading. It is like bath water. I envy her spontaneity. I don't step in, feeling a bit leery of deep places. I see there are no insects here and think that probably if it were my room, there sure would be and imagine a swarm of black flying insects. I open another door and see a huge bathtub with water in it, and a baby's tub sitting in it. It is like the adult and the baby bath are together in their own luxurious tub. I walk on down the hall and see a kitchen area where there are restaurant type sinks all over the place with water in them, and look for the dining tables. At first I think, "How convenient because the sink would be near the table and you wouldn't even have to get up to wash the dishes." Then, I see the dining table is in another room. Bummer, how inconvenient.