I work in a store/sales showroom with Harry Anderson - it's a big place, I guess it's full of furniture, big things, high ceilings. It's early, just about time for customers, and I need to change clothes just as people are starting to come in. I take off what I've got on and people look at me funny - including Harry, and I'm rather concerned about that. Harry and I are good friends, maybe even lovers or close to it. I really care what he thinks, and he really cares about me. There may be something wrong here. Maybe they're uncomfortable with me being nude, but it's really not so unusual. I'm somewhat self-conscious, but I won't be out here long - I'm gonna go back in the office/private area and get some clean clothes. I get a T-shirt, but it's got something on it so I pull it off and get another one. I need to go back out for something and wonder if I should go now with just the T-shirt on, or put some pants on first. I'm thinking the customers might be uncomfortable if I didn't. Next: I'm at a sort of resort/retreat place, going to attend a conference of women. We've already arrived, checked in. had orientations, all that. Some of us have been out sightseeing, shopping in the town or something, and we're on our way back (I think we've stopped at a cafe for lunch) and we're late, so we rush back on a sort of train or subway. We get out at the front door of a sort of school/campus hall, and go up some steps, through glass doors and down to the room where the meeting is. There's a guy in a suit and a couple of other people to meet and guide people in. We get there and find seats. We're all at tables across the room, a large room with a setup at the front for the meeting leaders. It's not bright in here, the light is rather night-club-like, grayish. There are some lamps in the front and on the sides (small ones). There's some activity going on but it's not something we're all doing, so we're just waiting at the moment. I'm trying to hear what the people up at the front are saying but it's hard to hear [like it was at Friday's last night] and I keep missing bits. At some point, something stirring or exciting is said and a lot of us stand up, enthusiastic, and I see that some are holding out their arms, and their hands are glowing with energy, a light blue color. I don't know what that's about. These women seem to have something I don't; there are a lot of powerful people here and they're about a powerful purpose, but I don't think I'm in this league... As things calm down I'm lounging in my chair, flopping on the table, and this doesn't seem appropriate, my friend next to me says so, and I agree with her. I straighten up, and for some reason stand on the table... After a bit some of us go out again, or there's a break - as we go out we're walking down the side of the building, there's a passage here and the grounds next to it are pretty, dropping off somewhat with yucca plants and whatnot all green. Down at the end there's a walk to the building - a dorm I guess - where we're staying, we're heading down there. Beyond the building the earth is all torn up, mounds of earth where they're going to build something probably. It's been raining and there are big pools all around. Off to the left, coming around the highest mound, is the other path that would curve up to the building, but the near part is all under water. We've stopped to talk - me and a friend plus 2 others. A woman with red hair and khaki pants and a vest is coming around the bend, and she looks at the water, which I'm thinking is too deep. We call out to her, "You'll have to go back - it's too deep," but she decides she can wade in it, so she steps forward - and promptly slips, falling in up to her shoulders. Yuck.