I am at a lecture thing, and after the lecture we are asked to step out into a group to discuss. I grumble but go out and try to sit on a bench and a woman suggests we go on to another room. I do, but think maybe we'll get left behind in the backwash in this room. I lay down on a bench and the man comes in to lead the discussion. He asks some questions. I answer a question and a man says, "But that's discriminatory," as an answer to the question. "Say more so I understand," I say because I didn't answer that it was discriminatory to the disabled. He repeats the question. "If a package of benefits were announced as available to the disabled, would that be discriminatory?" I say, "No, it wouldn't because if you had said you are disabled, go get the packet, it would be, but because it is offered in general and a person chooses if they consider themselves disabled, it isn't." The man agrees, I was right. I sigh relief. It would be embarrassing if I hadn't got it right, after all. The second question is about counseling. I raise my hand and say, "That will be easy, I'm a counselor." Another woman on another bench says she is too. Then I need to go across town on the lunch break and get something. I get in a small sports car convertible and am driving. I change into the left lane and notice the cars on the left side traffic take the middle construction lane. "Remember that," I warn myself. I am in S City and feel lost. I say, "This is a small town, I'll learn where things are soon enough." Now a man in a motorcycle is on my right and says, "Got any tunes??" I say no, even though I have a car radio. "Why not try this station?" I say, "I'm new here and don't know the stations. I don't know which one is jazz and so on." I look ahead and see a railroad warning light going and decide to not stop. We are crossing the tracks when I see the train coming suddenly from a blind area on the right, and I slam on my brakes and turn around, practically dragging my car by picking it up around me and walking back. I realize I'd made a wrong decision that could have cost me my life. I am chagrined. "I won't do that again," I say. I park and the man is still on my right, trying to convince me I'd feel better if I turned on the tunes. He says, "I'll show you," and plays a Pat Benatar (or Boone song). I am annoyed with him for pressing it. I know music makes you feel good, I just don't want to do it right now, because he's so insistent.