Ginny, the girls and I go to a school gym where there will be a basketball game I'm to play in. I see stairs here and there and wonder how I'm going to get in. I look in to find someone to ask. I see a woman in a manual chair in there and I notice the gym floor is slanted on a hill. I wonder how one can play on such a surface. I put on ski-like things and sort of skate with them. Ginny rolls down the incline and I skate after her, hitting her accidentally. I apologize. I then learn how to move on these ski things and practice. I do fairly well. Then I decide I must go to the bathroom. I go down the hall. I enter a room. I see Blake and say hi. I had gone into the gym and not tried to find the pre-appointed meeting area for the dream group. In my search for the restroom, I see where the meeting room is. Blake is in uniform, like the army, only I know it's more like a sweat suit for the games. He kind of ignores me. I go back out to the hall. He comes out and says hello. I like seeing him again. We feel shy. His wife comes into the hall, talking a mile a minute. She has two white plastic dessert dishes in her hand. I look at the desserts. They are all pink with a rosette on one. I say, "That's the prettiest dessert I've ever seen." Blake wants to see what I'd call the prettiest. He looks, but she's already eaten the rosette, so it doesn't look like much. She's talking on like a wife of many years and I feel a bit uncomfortable with the edge I hear in their relationship. I tell them about a dream I had about Jeramy. I say I was in the gym and I looked up and there was Jeramy flying around in the air, and behind him on the wall is a huge, golden, metal, round cherub face with sun rays coming out of it, of Jeramy. I tell them I interpreted this to be about spirituality. Then I see a crow circling near Jeramy, and I laughed with delight to see the dream adding the flesh and the blood of this world. Wasn't that a wonderful dream? Blake agrees. I ask if he took notes at the Jeramy workshop because I wasn't there. He said yes. I am sitting on the table in the hall, and out of the gym comes one of the charismatic leaders of the workshop. I greet him joyfully and get up to hug him. As we are hugging, I realize he is a real man and is attracted to me. I let go of him and sit down again. He says something about his 46-year-old son and I realize he's as old as my father. Then Jeramy comes out and I get up and go hug him, happy to see him. He is also happy to see me. I repeat to him the telling of the "Jeramy dream," and as I do, I pause and say, "I was interpreting the dream while I was dreaming. I do that more and more these days." He enjoys hearing the dream. He says, "Did you read," and he says an authors name and I say, "I don't remember." He says it's about the masculine as psychopath, the coyote. "Oh yes, I remember reading that. As a matter of fact, I read that near the time of the workshop where you weren't teaching it, I was having panic attacks." Jeramy and I move back to the table where Blake is. Jeramy says, "I hope you don't mind, but Blake has told me about you and him, and you two are made for each other. What happened?" I stare down at the table I'm leaning, sitting on and fiddle with straightening two pieces of paper. I think, "I don't really know." I say and think some more.