I am trying to get on a commercial airplane to go to Maui, Hawaii. I have a paraplegic stewardess. I am loaded on a stretcher. I have a roll of quarters and want to buy some snacks. She insists I use my gold Visa card. It's more convenient for her. I ask how much each bag of snacks is. 75 cents. That's too much for a tiny bag of snacks. She says the bags are bigger. I wish I'd brought my own snacks on board. Now in the sky I see a weird, small plane next to us and it shouldn't be there, and then somehow I am on that plane and so are some other women and babies and some men. An older man is the pilot and the men, including my husband, are cruel and horrible. They take the women into another room and rape and abuse them. The children are abused. I refuse to go in and I am forced into a tiny cupboard. The women don't fight back. They give in and do what they must to survive. The man is taking us to Washington because that's where he wants to go, not Hawaii as we wanted him to do. Finally, he lands somewhere and the men all get off the pane to do a ritual something. Maybe the old man is dying. I see some of the women go outside and then come back with bars of chocolate. I say, "My God, where did you get that?" She says he had cases of it all along. I go get a huge bar of chocolate. We are getting food and water and talking. Then we see the men are coming back. It is unbearable to think this abuse will continue. I hold a baby whose ears are terribly stretched and malformed because of the abuse. She looks like Dumbo the elephant with her ears. I say, "Who will stop them?" A woman stands with a stick. I join her with a stick. The man comes to the door and he wants in. We poke him with the stick and make him stay outside. This angers him and he sneers and slams the door shut and locks us in. I say, "We have no water. Someone get water." The men are swarming toward us. I get in the pilot set and turn on the ignition. The propellers cough and get caught in the hair of the old man and then it breaks free and I yank on the steering wheel. I hear the men laugh, "She doesn't know how to fly or land." They are grabbing at my legs from the open door on my left. I say to the women, "Protect me, get them," as I frantically try to get above them. Earlier we said we'd stick together this time and fight the men. They do help, but one man clings to the plane as we rise up I get higher and higher. He'd be killed if he dropped. The women let him in. I say, "Keep an eye on him at all times." They agree. We're flying. I hope I can find a place and hope I can land safely. I think for a second about the men, feeling mean for leaving them helpless on the island.