I am in a house and changing clothes. I find a reversible pair of jeans and put them on with the pretty lining side up, floral pink and white. My father comes in and says, "You should take your pretty glass case bookshelves." I hesitate, I don't want to take a lot of my old stuff back home, that's why I left it here, but I reconsider. The glass case is very pretty. I agree to do that. Lucy comes in and I say,  "I'll be taking back lots of my books and things, I'm packing them." She nods and we go get on the boat, which is like a big hotel. Someone brings books to me and says, "Shall we toss them?" I see a set of big red books that are language books. I regret giving them up, but it's true I haven't used them in years, and if I need them, I can go to the library. I agree he can throw them overboard. I go into my room, and put things away. The captain of the boat is male and somewhat scary. He's trying to get my money and things. I go out on the deck and watch as we start going through the water, a big lake. Then I see Lucy didn't make it on board; she is swimming to catch up, she and her girl child. I yell encouragement to her. She can't reach the ring on a chain at the end of the boat. We are speeding up and she'll be hurt or left behind. I throw out another donut ring like thing (a lifesaver thing). She catches it but leaves her child behind in the form of a small frame with the child photo in it. I see this, hesitate and then dive in, thinking to myself this is stupid, now you're in danger. But I retrieve the photo frame and get back to the boat. Now to get on I must crawl through a tiny plastic covered port hole with a garbage disposal thing in it. I push the shredded salad fixings into the garbage disposal to get room to get through this I try several times. Finally someone on deck, a naked woman, helps me up through this. Now I'm on deck and Lucy sneers at me for being so stupid to dive in when it was unnecessary. She had the photo; it was just an empty frame floating in the water that I retrieved. Then I see some women I knew in Germany and go to talk with them. I look over and see the river is now skinny and shallow, and iced over. We are too big for it and the captain is having a hard time getting the channel. We run aground and I hear the sound of the boat hitting rocks. Now I go back to my cabin. I pass a front door with a message slot in it and search through a pile of slips of paper. There is no message; something ominous is happening. The captain is after me. A boy got killed out on the deck. I go in and see some men, possibly the Captain's men. I get to my cabin to pack quickly. He's tried to steal all my riches, money and jewels but I've tricked him and already hidden them in a secret compartment in my purse. Now I'm wearing a dress suit and heels I get ff the boat and start walking up a steep, gravelly path. It's hard going and I keep glancing around, expecting the Captain to come to me and take my purse. I pick up a rock to use as a weapon, put it down and choose another one with a sharp point on it. I keep walking, noticing other people are around on the hillside and so on. I feel a bit safer.