I am going to visit Lloyd. He lives in a house not far north, and it's a nice day, I'm out pedalling on my little cycle/scooter-thing, so why not? I'll just go all the way to Lloyd's house. It's a nice ride but long. This machine I've got is not as efficient as a real bicycle but it's okay until I come to a hill. So it's a challenge. I get across, though, and come to the development where his house is. It's kinda nice, with curvy streets and some nice plants and hedges. Lloyd's house is neat and trim. [Smaller than his real house and close to the sidewalk.] He lets me in - he has to go next door soon for a dinner party, but we visit a while in his back bedroom [the house is also furnished more comfortably, less showroom-new than his real house] - he's working on something back there. (I notice that he looks heavier, more nearly stocky than usual.) After a bit he has to go away, and says I can stick around if I like, even till he comes back and we can visit some more. But I decide to go after poking around a bit. I take my scooter-thing out of my bag (it folds up very small) and start to undo it as I walk to the door, then decide I'd better wait till I'm out on the street. As I get outside, though, I find it's gotten almost dark. Street lights are on. It was late afternoon when I came, I guess it would be getting dark, and that's not going to be fun. Hmm. I'd better not. I'd better pick another route, maybe a flat one if I can - the hills are hard and slow. Actually from here I can't get away from hills, there's no way to go that's completely flat, but I settle on going up Northwest Highway and down Skillman - that'll be okay, at least it's straight, and there's only the one long hill, I can walk up that, not so bad. I step out onto the sidewalk and hear a commotion up the street. I look to my right and see - my word! - there's cows in the street! 3 of 'em - no, one's a bull. And they're huge. Poking around under the street light. Some people are down there as well, and I realize these are escapees from somewhere and the people are trying to get them to go back. Apparently it's not so easy - they're so big they're dangerous, especially the bull, who appears to be temperamental. They look black to me, though it may be the silhouettes I'm seeing from the lights overhead. I have some vague idea of helping, as if I should call out, "Here cow! Here cow!" or something. As if I could then get them by the collar and lead them home. Hmm. Not so realistic. Still, I feel compelled to make some noise like the other people are doing, so I shout out something, and though it wasn't really loud enough to have disturbed them, just at that moment they get agitated - the bull jerks his head, raises up a bit and swings around and it looks like he's going to start running. I figure I'd rather not be out in the open when he does this, so I duck behind a hedge. I wait for a bit while things settle down and then go on in the opposite direction. I'm starting to cross a yard at the end of the street, and suddenly here comes an animal. I can't quite tell what kind of animal it is - it's very large (at least Great-Dane size), furry with sort of coarse, brownish hair, and a strange face - narrow, it ends in a rounded, camel- or rabbit-like muzzle. It's ambling toward me, slowly but surely, and I have no way of knowing that it's dangerous. I figure it's a cat, a really big cat, and if so I'd do better not to run away from it. O boy. Actually there's 2 of them, the other's coming along on the other side of a thin hedge next to me - they're both just casually coming forward, no facial expressions, no indication of what they're about, but they're so strange. As the near one gets closer, I doubt again if it's a cat. That mayn't make it less dangerous, though, and I decide my best course of action is to be invisible, so I step into a space in this hedge and pretend to disappear. Next I meet a couple of little kids - a boy and a girl, brother and sister, 6, 7, 8? They have just been dropped off here and they're meant to be visiting somebody, but don't know which house it is. I'm taken aback by this - it looks very much as if these kids have just been abandoned. Well, I'd better see them taken care of, so we go back to Lloyd's house. As I'm going up to his house, the group next door is just coming out, and there's Lloyd with some other friends of his. (Interesting to see him in that setting.) At this point I notice that he has his beard still/again. That's also making him look different. I introduce the kids to the group and explain the situation. Lloyd actually looks embarrassed, as if he hadn't wanted to get his neighbors involved in something like this. Too bad; some of them get right on it, particularly one couple, and we march right into Lloyd's house and start handling things. The wife and I are in the back bedroom (which now looks different somehow, more furniture) and start making up extra beds for the kids. She goes out again, and I do some more. I've been picking at a pimple on my chin (left side), and it has come to the point where I've pulled the skin off the top and I want to squeeze it. I go into the bathroom - just to the right outside the bedroom - and lean into the mirror, squeezing away. I don't accomplish much. I think of something I want to tell the woman (or ask about), and I call out to her while I'm standing there. She comes in, and walks behind me, saying hello to her husband, and asking what we're both doing in there together. I'm startled, now that I turn to the right and see him in the bathtub - briefly, before I turn my eyes away. I hadn't even noticed him when I came in, and he'd been so quiet I didn't even notice he was there! Eeek! He's a bit self-conscious and she thinks it's funny.