I'm in a room and am going to get ready. I'll take my bath tonight so the room will be available for others at the peak time. I'm choosing my outfit and try to decide which one to wear. I look out the window and see a car drive by with Jack Palance in it. Perhaps he'd been working on a movie up the road. Then another one goes by with another movie star. I relate this to a man, and I can't remember Jack Palance's name and describe the movie he was in and so on, then I remember his name. The head knight comes into the room, which is an adjoining connecting room to the one I'm in and says, "The dragon is here. Quick shut the doors." I see a slithery, huge green boa constrictor-like thing that slithers into the connecting room. I slam the door shut. I struggle to lock it. The knights are called in to fight it. A small rectangular opening panel in the top portion of the door is open and the tentacles of the dragon start to reach through it. I slam it shut and try to hold it shut. It almost gets me. Then I get it shut. He's huge and breathing and in there. We wait. The knights now go down the hall to sleep. I am a princess now, and there is my queen mother. I pace. Now the door is open and the face of a huge green dragon is in the doorway. I pick up a golden bow and arrow and try to shoot it myself. The arrow is weak. It hits its mark, but has no power. He laughs at me. I try again. He says, "Only you can kill me and only with the golden arrow." I call out to the knights. I run down the hall, pounding on the doors of the bed chambers and yell, "Get up. The dragon is here." They stumble out sleepily. I run back into the room and look to see a huge golden and white dragon, the King Dragon, it is now transformed to. He somehow hands me some small golden and other colored round circles like sparkly confetti. I hold a small cross-shaped metal thing in one hand. I put the round circle on it and throw it at the advancing king dragon. His head is getting closer and closer. I throw and throw and finally I pick up the golden one, the One he gave me, and throw it. It hits, and falls off, but it is enough. The King dragon kind of smiles, and is very close to me, and then blows a breath right in my face. He laughs because I had slain him as I ought to have and he was making a joke about being a fire-breathing dragon, all dead now with not even a hot breath left to get me. He says, "Throw it in again." I pick up the thing and throw it at him again. He is stopped. Somewhere in there my mother the queen says something and I tell her to shut up.