I am in a wheelchair and at some tourist attraction. I want to go down the path to see it, but everyone says, "No way, you can't. You're in a wheelchair and it is inaccessible." I look. It does look bad, but I don't give up, I go on down the road and discover another path, one I think I can do. I head down it. It is hard, gravely and dirt and curvy and steep. I slip and slide, but make it. I feel quite victorious when I arrive at the bottom. Everyone kind of stares at me, and avoids me. I go to the boat dock. Many boats come up, one at a time, and get tourists to take them to the island. I want to get on, but they can't imagine how I could, with the wheelchair. I get in the way of a man looking for more tourists for his boat and force him to take me. I get in his tiny blue boat, but get back out because it would mean I'd travel alone. I go to a canoe shaped boat and see a seat where the invalids can lay down. I get in that, but remain seated. I think about how I'll have to leave my chair here and then decide I'll need it on the island and think it into the boat. A young Malaysian woman sits in front of me. We come by the side where the attraction is. It's hot springs, geysers and such where the people have built what look like window frames and the shapes of houses around the naturally occurring rocks and geysers. It's kind of Victorian garish. We come close to it and I reach out my hand to touch the water from the geyser. The Malaysian woman is terribly offended and grabs my hand back. I say"What?" She says, "It is for drinking, not touching!" I am surprised, but hey, I didn't know. She says, "I wasn't going to say anything, seeing as how it is cultural ignorance, but--." I say "It's OK." I feel caught and embarrassed, and yet, how was I to know? We go on. The canoe is skinny and shallow. I wonder if the ocean waves will slop into the boat. I hang on tightly. It's a smooth ride and I wonder why I don't feel the waves. We arrive at the island and I get out and into the chair. It's a museum and I wander around kind of disappointed because it looks very American -- nothing special and exotic, just American.