Uncle Joel and his young wife. Somehow I have had sexual relations with them both, and I am shocked, because that would be incest. He's an Uncle after all, a brother of my father. She is Marci energy. Now I'm holding a hamburger and offer to cook dinner. I plop it on a stove and decide to cook some rice. I search for the right sauce pan size and finally find some, but I have to wash it first and I start to do some dishes. A Mom-like woman says, "You don't have to do the dishes." I say, "It's OK, just the ones I need for now." I feel good standing. Now I go to a fair. I have a handful of quarters. I am going to pay for my admission and Caroline's dad (younger like late 20's) says, "No, I'll pay. You don't have to." I say, "No, I insist. It isn't much and I have it." Caroline demands her share and then decides to go to her room. I say, "You come back here now." She refuses. I insist. A classic power struggle. I get angry. She reluctantly returns. We go in to find our seats. Each event happens in a different room and the first event is in a small room. Then Ginny is around. We (Uncle Joel? and I) go to find the fantasy corner, because we were told to. I see it and lay down to peek down the corner. I see a young woman like a Vanna White to show what is in the corner. I look and see a pile of books. "Oh, the sci-fi ones I like...," and three copies of a hardbound red book with the title in black, "Minot." "I have that one but haven't read it," I say. A couple of books are in a different language and must be for the other person, possibly an alien, with me. Later, someone is gathering things and putting them in a display. A woman behind me, like Ginny, holds the rabbit balls I gave her. She offers them up to the man setting up the display. He looks at them and I feel embarrassed. This isn't much. They'll laugh or reject them. He opens one and a small fetal creature is in it and he asks, "What is it?" I say, "It's a rabbit. See the teeth?" They disagree until they look and see the teeth. I see them. They are even and nicely shaped human teeth, the only feature in this white mass of stuff. No one is pleased, and I look up to see a cloud where the lion god lives with his many young wives. He rolls over, unimpressed, and makes love to several of his nubile wives who are very pretty. I am stunned I am seeing this and also embarrassed. Then the wives are gathered together and very happy to hear about the rabbits because they can check and see if they are pregnant. One rubs her tummy and says she has had symptoms already.