I am in the teacher's lounge getting ready to do my Evangeline thing. I am choosing my scripts to do and getting them laid out. A male teacher likes me and he's kind of a drunk. I try to avoid him and he leans into me and I back away and so on. Then I notice it is nearly 1 o'clock, and someone is on stage talking. I was supposed to be first because I had a 1:30 appointment across town. I am flustered. Now I can't find the scripts that I had set aside and they are calling me to the stage. I'll be late, but I go on toward the stage, asking Bonnie to look for my scripts for me and bring them to me when she finds them. I then see my cute little girl with ringlets in her hair. She has a huge bag of barbeque potato chips. It is ripped open and she's snacking. I say to her, "Come here!" She walks away toward the auditorium, trying to avoid me. I say, "Don't you do that! Come here now." She does, resentfully. I say, "You went home and got these, didn't you?" (Apparently we lived next door to the school.) She nods yes. I say, "Don't do that again." She frowns. I take away the bag of chips. I go up on stage and I'm introduced. Only a few teachers are in the lunchroom audience. I am walking. I apologize and explain that the scripts are missing and are being looked for. I chat about how I started the Can Do show on cable TV and had to create a show every two weeks. We called it heart attack theatre, because we'd have two weeks to prepare for the show. Somehow at the beginning of the two weeks it seemed we had plenty of time, but then it would be Thursday night and I'd have to produce the show. I had no time to rehearse and memorize my lines, so I created a character who had her words on a piece of paper. Clever huh? I went on it in this realistic way. Bonnie comes in with the red notebook of original scripts. I search through it to find a script. I see computer docs. It is past 1:30 and I'm late, but oh well. Maybe Bonnie can call and tell them that I am going to be late. Things just aren't working out. Everyone seems OK with it all.