I'm in London, stopping over on my way somewhere further east (in Europe), and I've come to visit some friends at this school. It's a trade school or something like that, adult students, I may have gone here myself at one time, I'm quite familiar with it. I get out of the cab from the airport - it costs 20 pounds and change - at the front steps. This school is in a building in town, it's not off by itself anywhere; there are high steps up to it [the building reminds me a bit of A like a resturaunt]. It's quite overcast outside. I go on up and inside. Later, I'm coming out again as school's finishing up for the day. I'm talking to a young man, we'd been having a conversation inside and while I'm waiting for my friends I'm walking out with him. At the corner we get separated; there's quite a crowd of people, and I end up having to wait for the traffic light. I think he'll be waiting at the bus stop across the street, I'll catch up with him. But when I get there he's disappeared altogether. Hmm. Well, that's funny - I'm a little disappointed, he's a nice guy and I was enjoying talking to him. I suppose I'll go back across and wait for my friends. Rather than go back the way I came I cross to the other corner. It's pretty close here, narrow streets, but crowded with people and cars. There's a traffic cop [looks like your typical New York-style cop with a uniform jacket and white gloves] with a whistle and a strap across his chest, directing traffic. There's a little shop on this corner, and the street is blocked off with some road-works going this direction. I cross over again past the cop - since there's no cars coming this way, we don't need to wait for him to let us go. Now I'm talking to a woman on the opposite side of the street about a self-help book (either I have it with me and she sees it, or (this is a little shop) I've picked it up and am thumbing through it, and she remarks on it. She says it's really good, and recommends it highly. I say, thanks, that's good to know (and something about the library - can't remember exactly but may have been, "I can't get everything I want at the library all the time")...