I am preparing to write a play or something and the deadline is approaching. I am procrastinating. I sit at a table and Arthur sits on my left. I am at the head or end of the table. I am talking with him and pat his hand and he reaches and keeps hold of my hand in an affectionate gesture. I am surprised. This isn't usual for him to be demonstrative. It's a convenient part of the procrastination, but now it's nearly time to be on stage and I quickly come up with an outline. We get on stage and I look around at the few props and so on and we begin improving dialogue. Then I realize we are on the wrong stage. This is the backstage, behind the one where the audience is waiting. I can hear them. A crewman comes and I say, "How do we get up on that stage?" I see a crawl hole I might have to climb up, a tight fit and a tough climb. Then he helps me and I tell him go get the props and be sure to bring my power wheelchair. I'll use it in part of the play. Now I am seated in the wheelchair. I hold a microphone in my right hand, and light a cigarette (for the part), kind of surprised I allow myself to smoke. I kind of enjoy doing it again. My chair gets a bit caught up in the fringe of the curtain and I struggle with the mike cord, but get on stage and begin the play. I circle around the stage examining where the props are so I know what I have to work with. I see two pianos, and one has ink pens on it for the survey bit and another has matchbooks on it. I notice that the grand piano can't be played from the position it is in and decide it doesn't matter. A woman comes in and she sits and gets a massage. I create dialogue with her as we go. I say, "Are you here for a nice massage?" She says, "Yes." I suggest after the massage, she start filling out the survey (seeing as that's the structure of the play, that survey about relationships). We doing OK when I realize the audience is far away; there are not very many of them. I see a row in the front of seven or eight women and then lots of empty seats and some more people scattered in the back. The curtain isn't fully open and blocks us from the audience view. I wheel over to where the curtain is partly open, more at the center of the stage, and send my dialogue at them, but must return to the side of the stage where we are doing the play. It is uncomfortable, not working well.