We've caught a woman agent and are transporting her back to (Russia? not named but I have a picture of this place being eastern Europe and we're taking her north). (I don't know what my role in this is, but) Sharon Gless seems to be in charge, and she marches this woman around to a truck - it's dark and there are street lights on, or parking-lot lights maybe. Sharon's wearing a trench coat, and has a gun. This truck is a special prisoner truck. One side is clear plastic, or vinyl, flexible, and the back end, too - it makes a kind of see-through cage to transport prisoners in so that people can see they're okay, and who they really are. There are no openings except for the "door" slit, which is underneath a metal frame-thing on the left side. When you do some latches and things it folds down and you can slide through the slit and get inside. We're getting it all set up for the woman to go in. Everybody's calm and purposeful, somewhat grim, businesslike. Not much is being said. Sharon goes in first to check things out, then the woman goes in. (Now there's a blank space, and the next thing I see is) Sharon Gless is sitting in the chair, alone, the truck is moving, travelling through the dark streets; apparently the woman has overcome and outwitted her and escaped, leaving Sharon in her place to be delivered right into the middle of enemy territory. She looks like this is all just dawning on her, very concerned. Credits start to roll over what I see, as though for a movie. Before: "We" (unidentified others) have stopped somewhere on a journey, driving, through some open country in a foreign land. There's a break in what had been mostly trees and hills, to a bit of plain, sandy earth with scattered little trees, very short. Someone tells me why they grow like that, it's very strange, there are these rabbits that live here, and they stay under these trees - I'm not sure if they eat off of them or just take shelter there, but the sun is too hot for them and they scamper from tree to tree. The seeds get on them and then drop off elsewhere so they don't ever grow close together. I find this fascinating, and the plants are quite nice, there are several kinds of little flowers. I take a walk a little way into this, looking at the plants, and I see (and hear) there are also little birds sitting in the scrubby trees. That's cute. I look closely into one and see what I think is a chick, a fluffy little yellow bird. It's just sitting there, I guess it can't fly, and as I look, it moves a few inches to the end of the branch and falls down. It's only a little way to the ground, maybe it's not hurt - I wonder if I should pick it up but decide I'd better let it do whatever it can normally - let nature take its course.