I am at a bar and am attracted to this man. He asks me to dance, and it seems promising. I have some concern that he is just a jerk and I don't see it. I go into the restroom to ask my girlfriend who has dated him what she thinks. She says he's not perfect and has his faults, but he's OK. I decide to take him home with me and see what happens. I am attracted and he to me. Then for some reason, I am supposed to have the hair on my legs permanently removed. I am in a hospital-like room and the nurse has me lie down on my tummy on some surface like an ironing board. I ask, "Will it hurt?" The nurse laughs and says, "Of course it will." I tense up and flinch every time I think they are going to start. The nurse says, "We have to take you to the other place." I get on a bus. We drive and the bus stops, parked. The bus driver gets out, then the bus starts back up. I say, "Are we moving?" and look out the window. We are slowly moving and the speed is increasing. People start to get upset. Another woman gets up to go to the seat to try and stop the bus. I push her aside and do it myself. I say, "I can do it." I steer and push on the brakes, and get us back to our parking space safely, carefully trying to avoid running over the tea cups sitting all over the area. Now we go inside, a woman "witch doctor" type takes me into a room, a round room with lots of windows. My man friend is there. She hypnotizes me and I float up and smile pleasantly at the man. She says, "I'll try it now and see if she feels it." She does my legs and I feel no pain. Now it's the next day and I see strange men in a line outside the window. It's flashbacks from the trance. Two men come in, a short one and a tall one. I ask for their names. The short one says his name. I say, "Did you say your name was Violent?" He says, "No, I said my name was Violet." "Oh, that's better," I say. Now I am home and doing dishes and thinking about that nice man I danced with. He comes in the door and we smile. We dance and kiss; it's very pleasant.