I'm in an apartment, fancy place in a high-rise, occupied by an Hispanic gangster and his wife - a tall, gorgeous airhead with big hair and flashy clothes. The place is decorated in mobster chic, but rich. He's not home, and I'm not supposed to be here - she's not supposed to have visitors. She's a nice person, though, and she wants me to be here, I'm telling her something or teaching her something, we're just getting to know each other. Her husband shows up, however, and I have to hide. Eventually I can sneak out. She gets him distracted, and I'm pretty good at this, so I get on back to where I live. Where I live is a sort of group place, an organization. The building has offices and meeting rooms, a lounge, a kitchen, etc. Open, light oak everywhere, glass doors, big windows. I say hi to various people on the way in, and go into a little office-room near the front. While there, I see this black guy (large, tough, in a suit) coming in - total stranger, looking around like he's hunting somebody, and I'm worried. Maybe the gangster's found me out and had me followed here, and I'm in trouble. I lay low till he passes out of sight and go into the lounge where some of my friends are and warn them. While we're standing there talking, suddenly I hear a loud - really loud - "bang" and feel a blow to my head. For a minute everything goes very vague, and I don't know at all what's happened. My head feels as if something's hit the front of it and gone out the back, I have the idea it made a big hole in the back of my head - I can feel the pressure. I'm sure I've been shot. Nobody else seems to have heard anything - they're just the same as they were a minute ago. Maybe I'm dead and they just haven't noticed. I think, if I'm dead maybe I can move out of my body and look at it, that would tell me what's going on. But it doesn't work. I'm still right here, not dead, no bullet holes, and my friends haven't heard anything happen at all... Well, still, we have to go back. Linda and I are gonna go back into the apartment - she's got to measure some curtains. Actually, we've done this before more than once, and I keep on having to hide behind furniture - frankly it's getting harder, too. If this keeps up I'm gonna get caught. But we go, driving in Linda's Mercedes. She parks it in front, under the awning and we get out - there's 3 of us, me, Linda, and another girl, shorter, blonde. I've got something in my hands: left hand, a sort of handbag of Linda's, a sort of green-flowered fabric roll; right hand a folder or papers of some kind. I figure I'd better ditch 'em, they could get in my way. I've only gone a little way toward the front door, so I let them go ahead while I go back to the driver's side of the car. We've left the doors ajar so we can get in fast and make a quick exit if we need to. This makes me nervous in the first place, and now here I am putting something inside that could get stolen. I lean in the back door, thinking to put the handbag under the front seat on the passenger side, but I can see how easy it would be to spot if someone looked. I push it as far forward as I can but boy I'm uncomfortable with it. But nuts, I've got to get on inside and I can't draw any more attention to myself either. Geez. So I get on out of the car, debating whether I should at least shut the doors, but the others are expecting them to be open, and we may really need to hustle. More dilemma. I'm out, I straighten up. I see a man in front of me with a gun. Oops. Not good. I look around. I see plenty of people about, and I figure that's helpful, I'll just back up and mingle, he can't shoot with all these people here. Except that another guy, behind me, an old man in a suit, also pulls a gun and points it at me. I'm taken aback. Then a little girl with pigtails next to him does the same thing. I'm really worried now, and I stand real still for a minute. Until I somehow manage to get away and start running - I run behind the building and climb over fences, getting away through peoples' back yards and around houses. I've been doing this a lot lately, I'm pretty likely to make it.