A married couple. The woman is a doctor and I tell her I'm glad she's going to do the blood work on me. I can get sed rates from my regular doctor, but he doesn't do the RA (RH?) factor and he doesn't do a chemistry scan for what nutrients my body handles well and which ones it doesn't use well, so I'll know what to eat to be healthier. I am visiting their home. There are three men: one the husband, one his good friend and another friend who is visiting at the same time I am a Vietnam vet who is crazy. The woman wants to know if I've seen the meadow yet. I say, "I don't think so. I've been out to the pasture when we rode horses, and you showed me the side yard." I look out and see a garden, isn't it? I see cabbages and lettuce. Then I see something beyond it which is ugly and not kept up. "I don't know what that is," I say. She'd really like me to see the meadow, it's so pretty and quiet and restful. Now I am getting into a small car-like vehicle, like a bumper car or sports car, convertible. I am going to drive it on the sandy course built for this. People are concerned. I might crash. I take the challenge in stride. I speed up for the corner and the audience gasps. I feel very confident and free. I can do this well and enjoy doing it. I swirl around and around, spraying up sand and racing over bumps and hills that everyone thinks will tip me over. I do it all well and come to a spectacular finish and the audience applause is stupendous. They are thrilled and give me an ovation. The husband comes to me and hugs me and we embrace lovingly. He says, "I love you. You've been living in my basement and growing and growing and I'll always love you, but I love my wife and she's pregnant and growing in that way, but it's not the same. I love you." I say I love him. He says, "But you're not a romantic, right?" meaning I'll love him and accept the fact that he will remain with his wife. I agree. He's not happy with her, but he is committed to her and will stay. His good friend wants to hug me too, but is blocked by the husband and my mutual love. He stands behind the husband trying to enfold us both in the hug, because that's the only way he can get to me. Later, as he and I are talking, he says, "We did pretty well when the Vietnam vet came to visit for three days. We all managed. it was hard, but we did it well. We can do it again, now."