My brother Dwight and I are working in Dr. A's office doing odd jobs. I am attempting to do a graphics thing on a portable computer I borrowed from some woman. I can't get it to sit up right and she shows me. Dwight is in charge of taking care of Dr. A's cat. Dwight says, "Let's go to a movie." I say, "OK." Dr. A then comes in and suggests we go to a movie with him. He asks if Jake is responsible enough. I say, "Well, he is 20 years old." I then pause and remember, no, he's 40 years old. Dr. A is laying on the ground, sort of in a gutter- like thing in the room. He goes over to talk to Dwight. Dwight tells me that the cat he'd been taking care of died. I look out the window and see a tiger striped cat and say, "No, he's right out there in the garden." Dwight says, "That's a different cat." The cat turns and looks at me and I see the face is different. I give up working on the graphics thing, because I can't get the screen part to stand up at the right angle. I place a ruler under it to hold the angle, but it doesn't work. We go out with Dr. A. I whisper to Dwight, "Is it OK?" (meaning not to go to the movie he requested, but go to Dr. A's movie) He says, "It's OK." We go down the hall. I see a sign that says, "Negative Hypnotists" or something like that. I think this means this is where patients are taken when the prognosis is negative, to see how they will cope. We go in and I immediately realize this is a psychological testing area (not paper and pencil test, but experimental). The room is huge, long and narrow. A long, long table runs the length of the center of the room. I look around and see Dr. A has chosen a chair in the corner, facing the wall, with his back to us. I say, "Do you have to sit in the corner?" (a joke). He doesn't respond and I know that is because he must be a neutral observer and not influence me. I look around and see three or four tiny kindergarten chairs and the examiner seated in one of them. I choose my chair, across the table from him and Dwight sits on my right. Lots of people then enter the room, crazy or depressed or strange people. They wander around the room. I watch. Then a large, muscular, fat woman with short hair comes over really close to me and leans into me. I turn and say to her, "Get back from me." She is belligerent and leans even further into me and says, "Does this bother you?" I say, "Yes, it bothers me." I shove her away. She comes back. I say, "Barb, move back." I shove her again. She's hard to move, but I am strong and surer of myself. She repeats this a number of times and finally I manage to push her to the floor and she gets up and leaves. Now everyone leaves. I am alone in this huge room and the doors and windows are shut and bars slam down so it's very obvious I'm being locked in all alone. I feel confident. I know this is a test. I'm not concerned. I even smile a bit at the dramatic flair they do this with. I go to one window where the bars are coming down. They are wooden slats with pointed ends. These ones malfunction and kind of fall softly down and don't completely lock me in. I smirk. Then I walk the length of the room just looking around. As I approach two doors, I see they are partially open and then across the room a white wooden door is slammed shut like someone has just run through and left. I know it is unlocked and they expect me to be desperate and try the door to connect with someone, but I don't feel desperate or curious. I 'd rather explore the two open doors. I go to the first one and push it all the way open. The title of this room is "Fighting Woman" room. I go in and see feminist books and hear a recording of feminist books. It's a nice enough room. I go out. I've heard all this before and I go to the next room, the support room. It's a support group therapy room. A body is laying on the couch, covered by a blanket. He starts moving like he's waking up. I see another body on the floor, perpendicular to the couch, her head between the couch and the wall. She was sleeping and is waking up. I step over her to the door. I don't want to stay here and deal with them. It's boring. I am back out in the big room and see the door marked "employment" and feel some regret that it is locked, but I'm still in that secure, confident place, knowing this is just a test.