I'm at a big the Festival. The part where I am is near some water, and in between is a long pole stretched between 2 trees, being used to hang clothes on. These belong to several of us girls who work here, it's our costumes and regular clothes too - a lot of them. The pole is really weighted down. I'm going past it to go down towards the water, and I notice and hear the pole slip. It's just wedged against the tree and it's finally given way. It hasn't slipped too far yet, and I try to push it back up but it's just too hard for me. (This is a tree branch maybe 4"-5" around - must be 30' long.) I'm worried it's going to slip all the way, so I figure I'll tell the maintenance man - maybe he can help. He's around here somewhere, an older guy, with a tool belt and all, stereotype. I go on a little way to where there's a kind of shed next to the water and it's for photography. We have a staff photographer and I'm her assistant - which doesn't mean much, just that I have to take over when she's gone. But what they tell me when I get down there is that she is gone - sick, I think, whatever it is it's temporary, but I'm in charge now. This is not good. The fact is I know very little about photography, just learning, and I'm sure I can't handle it. But everybody says, "You'll be fine, there's not that much to do." Oh, boy. I start back up the rise again. I see the maintenance man, he's been talking to the landlady. I hadn't wanted her to know about the pole falling down in case she'd think it was my fault. So I wait till they're apart and I tell him what I saw, come look. As we get up there, though, I see that it has come loose and fallen off. There was a cap of some gold-color metal on the end which was fixed to the tree, and the pole's just come right out of it. [It wasn't like this earlier - just the end of the tree branch wedged tight.] Now he's got to fix the whole thing. I hope he doesn't think it was anything I did. I walk up the hill a bit further, where there's a sort of LT going on - there's the team area setup in back, with something behind it - a rise, a fence of hedges, something. We can sit on some rocks that are here, and hummocks, as well as chairs. Before I get settled, though, I think, "You know, I haven't been down to that area by the front gate that goes off to the right - I'd like to go take a stroll down there and see what's there." I remember how it looks, and that there were some cute things in a shop there before. Also: I'm sewing a button (or something) on a shirt I'm wearing, and at the same time taking a few stitches in my face where I've been cut. [I don't know how that happened.] There's a pretty bad gash a couple of inches long right next to my lip (on the left side? Am I looking in a mirror?) and every so often I'll take a stitch there. When I'm finished I look, and see that the stitches (with that black thread) aren't very visible, and I can smile and open my mouth okay, it just stretches the last stitch a bit.