I am lying in bed and see a man I kind of am attracted to. I let him come to my bed to make love to me and suddenly realize it is Howard. I let him make love to me, but he ejaculates prematurely, I feel no sexual excitement. I am disgusted with him and he is ashamed. He apologizes and I shrug, barely politely accepting the apology. Now I am aware of his wife, who is jealous, and I spend some time in a crowd of people, trying to stay away from this man, now not Howard. He'd sit next to me and I'd look around to see where the wife was and then think up excuses to move away. Now it's time to go see my play. I am waiting for Corinne, who is going to go to the play with me; I have bought both our tickets. She's late. I look for Bonnie and Mateo, who end up not showing up. I decide to go in and leave Corinne's ticket at the box office in case she makes it. I am led in and I announce to the usher, "I am the playwright," so she'd give me the special seating. We go around to the side wings area so I'd see the play from the wings. The entire area is graveled and I notice there are no chairs for the audience. The usher, a woman, sets a chair for me and I tell her I need one for my friend, should she come. She gets it. Now the audience comes in and there are folding chairs set up. A large crowd is in the next room area and then just as the play is to start, they walk across the audience area, to leave. They are some other group. The video cameras and lights go with them. Now the play starts and it is a series of scenes involving kings, magicians and puppets. I am impressed with how well the actors are doing with only a few rehearsals. They are off book and have done some nice things with puppets to augment their small numbers. Some audience members chuckle at my humorous lines. It isn't an overwhelming success, but it is an OK play. The king announces, "I am the King," several times. I notice the actor who is about to enter and exit from my side of the wings is pulling the curtain closed so I won't be able to see. I say to him, "Psst. I am the playwright." He is annoyed, but complies and pushes the curtain open so I can see. He'd rather have closed it for the convenience of the actors and the production.