I'm in a friend's house - a fairly big place, she has more than 1 brother or sister (though I can't say how many). I've come here last night late, or early in the morning, I was with somebody else and we got put to bed - I slept in the living room on the couch, there are actually several of us girls here as guests and the place is filling up. I've waked up after everybody else - they wanted to go out early and I stayed, so I've got the place to myself. It looks like morning - yellow light, sun coming through the windows, it has that early-morning feel. I poke around some, looking at the house (a nice but fairly typical suburban house - nice decor, they're pretty well-to-do) and I go into the kitchen, think about breakfast, etc. I also go down the hall - my luggage is in one of the bedrooms somewhere - and suddenly discover my friend's dad is still here in bed. He's rolled over, with the sheet pulled tight around him, and I'm really startled, I thought I was alone and here I am moving around, maybe making noise and waking him up. O dear. I quietly go back to the living room. Shortly the others come bustling back in. They're all bubbly and chatty (like typical teenage girls), and we're making some sort of plans for something else later. The dad gets up and comes out, all dressed. One of the other girls comes in, going on about her car - she has parked it under the house, and now there's no way to get it back out again, she says we have to cut a hole in the floor (this floor - the living room, where we're sitting). I'm sitting facing her, listening to this (there are other conversations going on in the room), and I find it amusing - ha, ha, look what you've gotten yourself into - I say, "Are you crazy?" and go over to get the dad to come and talk to her about this. I explain it to him sarcastically, and he gets pissed at me. He turns and looks at me over his shoulder as he's facing her, a look of big-time disapproval, and says [something to tell me to go away - not mean, but diplomatically forceful, he means it], and I'm crushed. I didn't think I was behaving so badly, and I sure didn't mean to make fun of her - I think maybe he thinks I was making fun of her because she's black (she's the only black person here). I wasn't. And I'm really hurt. I want to get away, and I go down the hall to the girls' bedroom, where there are several beds (including a bunk bed next to the window). I sit down on the bed next to the window, which has a lot of large pillows all over it. I move a couple so I can lay down somewhat, and get sort of wedged next to some of them, but I don't care, I can't be bothered to move them all. Actually, it's quite comfortable this way. I feel a little better. Some of the other girls come in, still talking about what we're supposed to do, and they gather around me, as if to be sympathetic and let me know I'm okay. I'm still feeling isolated, and I appreciate them for being nice.