I am cooking a great special dinner for a man I like. It's sort of a first date. He is very handsome and charming. I am putting things in the oven. He comes to the door and I invite him in. There is exciting tension and anticipation in the air. I set up a table in the other room, which also has a made up double bed with a blue bedspread on it. It's my roommate's room. I take out three pies from the oven and take them in to the table, with my oven mitts on. He is impressed; I am happy. I set the table, with his plate at one end and mine at the other and a third plate on the side between us. I realize I didn't give him the biggest baked potato as I had planned and exchange it. He demurs, but is pleased. He sits and I sit. He says, "This is too far away from you." He moves his plate to the side close to me. Now Ellie and "I" come in to visit and "she" pulls us aside to explain she wants a night alone with this man (she's now sort of like Judy P). We giggle and leave to go to our house. We walk across the unkempt, wild yard to our house. Our third roommate is watching TV and I tell her of the date. She recognizes the man and says, "He's not a doctor, he's an actor." I realize he's a fraud trying to con her. So we rush over and pound on the bedroom door and look in the window. It's too late, he's in bed, maybe they already had sex. We sneak around to where he's left his coat and bags. I search for his car keys. I find them and hurry to take his precious car for a ride to pay him back. He's coming toward me so I rush, I drive out and he chases me calling stop! Stop! I want the car to be a sporty car and have trouble getting it to appear so. I drive down a bumpy gravel road and see a road block up ahead. I slow down and the men working the construction let me through. I take a sharp hairpin curve up a side road up a hill, slowly. I go up to a promontory and peek over, watching for him. He arrives huffing and looking all around for me. He's very handsome. The men point to the road I took and he's running up the hill and I slowly drive down the road, luring him on. I know this switchback will take me almost back to the house, but he doesn't. He's lost and upset. This is a great joke. I feel very satisfied I've taught him a good lesson he'll never forget. I stop, get out with his flashlight and wait in a tree as he retrieves his car. He hesitates and calls out he'll give me a ride back, he doesn't feel right about leaving me alone in the woods, but I don't respond and he finally drives away.