I'm in an old house kind of in the country (we're sleeping over like at Lorren's - she's here, not sure who else). The place belongs to somebody's family. They've moved out, maybe somebody died - it's been a long time and everything was just left here, or some of it anyway; and there's going to be a garage sale or some such thing with the rest. Lorren's here partly to clean things up. There's a lot of bits of furniture, rather a jumble. We're just getting up in the morning, poking around. A guy has come to visit Lorren, she's showing him around, he's English. I am in a position in the living room very like in Lorren's apartment, and I get up and look at this piece of furniture near this corner of the room (where there are 2 doors - one's the front door, don't know about the other - one's open a bit). I think it's a desk, this thing, with a typing stand sitting loose next to it. An old piece, maybe antique. I sort of clamber past it, giving the stand a spray of some wax-cleaner, and since I haven't got a cloth I rub it with my hand - all very casual, sort of by-the-way. As I finish, I say to this other woman who's in the room, "There! If that isn't a hand-rubbed finish, I don't know what is!" Looks kinda nice. I'm curious how it would have been attached to the desk, since it doesn't have an open end. As I look closer, I see that each piece has a little ring-catch toward the bottom (looks like the ring half of a hook-and-eye latch). So I figure you hook them up with some kind of little hardware piece. Looking at the "desk", I realize it has some odd pieces inset into the top. I examine these, and underneath and discover, by George, this isn't a desk, it's a sewing machine! Golly! Upon getting it open, I find there's not actually one in it, but still it's pretty cool - nice little dark wood piece. I remark upon it and say that this is very interesting because actually I have a sewing machine - I'm thinking maybe I'll take this thing home. I wonder how much it would be selling for. I think I want to get out from behind this, and the corner is kind of blocked off - I consider if I can get out the front door, maybe I can go around to the side, but figure that won't work. (I had shut the door.) While I'm here, Lorren comes back into the room with the Englishman - he's all bubbly, making fun comments about decorating the place, and he says here's Lorren all fixed up now to put things to rights, have a look - she's found something in the other room and put it on, but I can't see because I don't have my glasses on. I don't know quite where they are, and hunt around, saying well, hell, where are they? And I find an earpiece, put them on my face, and still can't see - by this time I realize she's got some sort of wings on her back, like fairy wings, but I can't see them clearly. I complain, say, wait, wait, these aren't the right ones (they're my reading glasses) - and I look some more for the right ones, they should be nearby someplace.