I am a woman teacher in a prison. The orphan boys were brought in to get a taste of what it feels like to be prisoners so they'll think twice about being criminals. They are called pre-prisoners. I write, "Good morning" on the blackboard with a maroon colored chalk and step back to see if it is readable. It's not too good as other stuff is on the board and it blends in. I write my name, Barb Sanders. I then go to a boy and question him to see what kind of innate intelligence he as. I ask him if Nanu the whale was born with three different colors and it was dark when you saw him, would you see the black color part? It was a trick question. The boy had some ability. Now its break time and I walk around and see a group of women prisoners seated together talking. I try to join them, but they don't want me there, so I go to find a place to lie down and soak up the warm sun. The row of cars parked in the lot leave and there is a line of logs or boards left. I want to lie on one of the sections, but other people are sitting or lying on them. I find the end section empty. I lie down. I have a hard time balancing the plastic different colored glasses and dishes in the drawer, which is sort of me. A good-looking prisoner comes over and kisses me and moves the white bowl to another spot. Now I am more unbalanced and he moved the rows of colored glasses to the end of the section where my feet are. He is attractive and I don't know if I can trust him. He says he's going to meet me tomorrow morning. I go to my room and sleep. The next morning, I have a phone message from him. He can't make it. I am disappointed and concerned he's playing me for a sucker. He says to go ask the prison priest about him. I put on a fur parka and notice a cobweb with a spider hanging off my sleeve. I try to shake it off but I can't. Finally I ask a woman to help me get it off. It's a bit creepy not knowing where it is. Now I go to the priest to check out the man and the priest tells me the story of the man's life. He is the son of an evil multi-millionaire who the son turned in because the son is honest and good, and the father set him up. I am glad he is innocent because I am attracted to him.