I sit at a table in a cafe and see some earrings and jewelry that someone left. They are pretty. I ask the woman at the table if they are hers. She says no, she doesn't know who they belong to. I start picking them up to keep. I feel some guilt, because they do belong to someone and I didn't try very hard to find the owners. I feel like I'm stealing. I pick up a blue one and some woman says, "That's an owl feather one. That's bad luck if you wear it." I hold it up, close my eyes and try to feel the vibes. I ask my inner self if this is safe to wear. I decide it feels fine and I put it on. There is only one. Now a young woman actress is having auditions. I go in and read. It's a weird part, about a woman and spies and a super man or something, a long, involved story line. She gives me the lead part. I accept after asking if this is just a staged reading. So I go to her house, which she shares with many roommates. It's a large and busy house. She begins the rehearsal and it becomes clear to me that she intends for it to be a full production where I sing songs and am off book, memorizing all the lines, all with one week of rehearsal. I say to her, "Then I can't do this. Sorry, but you said it was just a staged reading." She glares at me and says, "I did not. I told you it would be the whole thing, but now you are waffling and letting me down." I say, "No, I remember you saying"--and we argued like that for a while. I was adamant and needed to protect myself and not do it. My throat couldn't take the pressure of singing and my mind couldn't take the pressure of memorization. I am relieved I am not doing it. She's pissed and ridicules me. Her roomies also look down on me. I leave. Now a man and myself are visiting a house, a sort of cult runs it. We decide to leave. Jerry Lewis is on the front porch talking to a woman and I recognize him but don't acknowledge him because I want to respect his right to privacy. Now we are walking down a road. Maybe the man is Ellie, and not a man. I look up and see a huge lake and say somewhat jokingly, "Are we going t walk across the lake??" She says, "No, but I guess I miscalculated and the water here in the road is too deep." I see puddles almost covering the road. I say, "Wait and see." I try to pick my way across and manage to do it, with a cute hop from one place to another. Ellie thinks I'm very clever and votes to do it that way. We keep walking, then we realize we left the little girl behind at the house. How embarrassing and what a bad thing to do! We look back and see a long line of people parading and she is in the line, in a cute bunny suit with a curly wig on. We are relieved she is coming to find us and a bit concerned how she's getting sucked into the cult's activities. We circle around to go back to meet her and lose her in the crowd. The cult leaders see us and are moving in to entrap us too. We keep moving. Now we enter a town and try to find a building to go into to hide. We don't and then I see another huge body of water where crocodiles are swimming and snapping. We decide it is safer to stay on land; there are still crocodiles but we can see them coming. They come and one bites my leg. I peel him off and use a piece of wood to stick in the jaws of oncoming crocodiles. The place is infested.