I'm in the kitchen at (Peggy and James' house - although the sink faces the outside wall of the wrong side of the house) with Jenny and also Roger Daltrey, who's wearing a tight white T-shirt and looking very fit. There are other people in the house, we're having some kind of get-together, and I'm helping with the dishes. Jenny's on my left, we've been talking, and Roger comes up behind me. He has a bag of foodstuffs to be put away - leftovers from something, and I take an interest in them as I take them out. There's some soup in a plastic container - he says I should try that, how about he fixes it up for me? (I haven't eaten - haven't been here long.) Oh, yes, that would be great! I remark how good he looks - he's put on some weight, yes, but he's fitter, more developed, and he looks taller - this surprises and amuses him. Jenny's never seen him before, so she doesn't know if he looks taller or not, she's at a loss there. We're having some trouble hearing each other, there's apparently some noise, we have to repeat things and shout, missing a lot of what's said. Roger asks me for something for the soup, I think he said fat, but I'm not sure so I ask him to repeat - he says fat again, and I don't know why, but okay - I ask Jenny if she's seen any and she says try one of those bags in the refrigerator - all the group food's packed up in there. I pull one out and look in, remarking on a couple of things in the top [one of which I've forgotten - it slipped down toward the bottom of the bag]. I say, What? well, what do you know? Look at this, little tiny chocolate-chip - no I mean chocolate - oh, like - chocolate-sandwich cookies! [They look like Oreos, actually] How neat! But no - they're not cookies, I guess - they're marked "Tylenol" and they're in a Tylenol bottle. How weird. Oh, well. [Whatever else is in the bag, I remark on it to Jenny, saying there must have been a LT event, look at all this stuff.] She says it's not hers, actually it belongs to _____, she has a date with him later and he's going to fix her a meal. Oho - so Jenny's seeing a new man. Hmm. Meanwhile there's been no fat turn up, and Roger's gone on cooking without it. He's produced a couple of fried eggs that he's somewhat dubious about (so that's what he wanted the fat for), but I think it's swell of him to be doing this for me.