I am at some huge gym where there are lots of bleachers, and Marianne Fabray sees me and she says, "Come sit where I am," and we walk to the corner and go up. She helps me walk up the bleachers and we sit. I'm not going to be able to see well from there when others sit, and then I sit on something that raises me up so it will be OK. Now it is announced that there is a team driving course and a man named Andy, kind of round faced and wimpy, has a car and we decide to do it. The first run through he's the driver and I'm the passenger. I watch as he drives and try to remember the curves. We come around one and he says they didn't let us know it was so steep a curve before. He's slow and cautious. He passes two slow cars on the right. I am urging him to go faster and thinking I'll really go fast when I drive, and wish I had time to practice with the clutch so I can feel it right. We get to the finish and have to return to our place in the bleachers and then return for my driving part. I somehow get lost or decide to skip that part and I show up without the car or Andy and realize he won't know I'm there and we only have 5 minutes till start time. I tell this official woman who suggests we page the bleachers. She turns on a microphone and says for Andy to meet me there. He does come and I apologize several times for not being at the right place, and thank goodness this is working out. Now we are in a line, only where I am standing is in a small, cold freezer chest for food. I realize this is where they keep the food and back up out of it. Andy goes to the head of the line at the counter to get our fees paid and so on. Two military navy men are behind me and talking. One says loudly, "Look at the son of a bitch," meaning me. I turn and say scathingly and angrily, "Oh yeah? who's the son of a bitch?" We stare at each other confrontationally. I feel powerful. No one is going to mess with me. Then I notice the man at the counter is giving Andy trouble and asking for 10 dollars instead of the 7 dollars. I push my way up there and lean on the counter and chew the man out. I yell like a drill sergeant and say, "Either you straighten this out or let me speak to your supervisor, ass hole" He is arrogant but the woman supervisor hears me and comes forward and fixes things. She gives us our tokens we have to place at particular curves and the necklaces we have to wear. I ask her two or three times for clarification on whether a specific token must go at a specific curve and if I have to wear the specified necklace, because I saw one metal round one with two blue herons carved in black wrought iron on it and want to wear that one. She agrees it doesn't matter. Now we are finally ready to do the drive. I am ready to put my foot to the metal and speed; I test the clutch and we are off.