I am awakened by Corinne. I am grumpy and exhausted and sleepy but she says it's important because Darcy and her husband are upset and might leave the reunion, and it's uncomfortable and everyone is having a hard time talking, not knowing what to say. I get up and find Darcy and her husband. I say, "I hear you two had a hard time." Darcy looks very serious. She explains that her husband drew up blueprint plans and made an error and now they may lose this job because he made an error. I soothe them and ask questions about the man who hired them. I assure them he probably would feel confident when they correct the error and show him how they can stick to it and fix things. I suddenly realize the man seated with us is the client they are worried about. I begin talking to him and realize he is a very nice man. He plays baseball for a living. I say, "Let's go jogging, but I have to go to the bathroom first." He agrees. He follows me, talking, and we are having a great time getting to know each other. I come out of the bathroom and he is seated and I ask him something and then I see he's crying. All the tears are streaming down from the right eye as I face him. I say, "Let's talk." He sits at a table. He hesitates, but I am such a good listener that he talks of his troubles and pain. He says, "You are very good at this." I say, "I am a professional." He says, "Then I must pay you." I say, "Oh no, because I offered it as a friend." I feel very tender and like this man a lot. Now we go out to do a jog only we find Dovre and we are going to visit her home. Se step on a conveyor belt thing and are whisked around and then Dovre says, "You aren't going to like this part." I look and see we are going straight up and then straight down in a tight tube. I feel claustrophobic and scared but we get through. Dovre reminds me to step off and walk normally when the green fake grass like belt ends. I do so and now we go into the house. Dovre says something to the man, who doesn't respond. I say, "He's hard of hearing, repeat it." Then we go in and I am going to introduce him to my parents and my "brother" and my "Uncle Bob." I debate if I should announce he is hard of hearing and decide to trust that he can take care of it himself. I say, "This is my parents," and so on. When we get to Uncle Bob, seated with "my brother" on the couch, the man says, "He sure looks like you" (or your father) and I say, "Yes." Then my "brother" says, "I sure like him. Maybe I'll become a hairdresser and really like him." It was a joke. My mother says, "Don't joke like that, people will think things." I say as a joke to her, "Mom, please, try to be more PC," politically correct. I sure do like this man.