I'm in a large hotel with a group - mostly LT people - and the place is quite crowded, I think we're here unexpectedly too, so we're sort of camping out in a balcony - maybe even with sleeping bags. My bed is next to the balcony edge, and I'm looking out over it with a couple of other women (one of whom is Linda T., I think). The one behind me has something the other wants to see - I'm actually sitting on the ledge with my feet up on it - and the one beside me reaches very awkwardly across me for it, I'm afraid she's going to knock me off. Actually I wouldn't fall all the way down, I guess (this is higher than 1 floor, maybe) - there are other structures at different levels around - but I don't know. Below you can see a large open space, lots of people milling around (it's more like a mall), bright light - up here it's dim, we're getting ready to go to bed. Sandra McLean comes in, she sits near us, and somebody says we should do something, like have a game, and I remember I've got some Mah-Jongg tiles in my bag - I think they came with it, and I've just left them there. I get them out and have a look at them - none of us are particularly interested in that, so I'm going to put them back, when I discover a little pocket in the bag. It's a kind of duffel, colorful, and there's already a zipper pocket at the end of it, but now I see there's another, small pocket, on the top, close to the end, just the right size for little things. I'm quite pleased. About this time a boy comes in, one of our group who's been in an altercation with somebody downstairs. Whatever it was about, I don't know, but I do know this guy sometimes does shoot his mouth off a bit, and apparently he just said the wrong thing to this other guy, who's a bit of a bully, and he shoved him, or maybe even knocked him down, and now he's hurt - sort of banged up around the shoulders, he's carrying them funny and he looks so sad and hurt. I feel terribly sorry for him and want to comfort him, partly because he's so hurt and I know guys often hold that stuff in and it hurts worse when you do that; and partly because when holding on to that pain, you can hold on to your physical pain too, and I want him to have comfort for that. [At first I had him looking like Johnny Depp, and then later he seems to be Tim Matheson and I have this idea that Depp is the bully.] I'm a little shy because I do have a little bit of a crush on him, and I don't want him to think I'm taking advantage - also because I don't know him especially well and he might not want a hug from somebody not close to him. But I go and tell him how sorry I am and make a move to hug him, and he hugs me back. I'm very careful with his shoulders, so as not to hurt him, and I try to let my energy come through and help relax him. He cries a bit and lets his pain show*. (I'm still holding the Mah-Jongg tiles in my left hand.)