Next, I'm starting to set up a sort of doll camp (is it for kitties?) next to the house. I live in this brick suburban house with a lot of people - I think of them as family, so there should be a daddy somewhere, but all I know about right now is grown women. One of them, my friend (or sister?) is setting this up with me between the fence and the garage wall. She's pretty much finished hers, but I got delayed and am just starting. We've got these bamboo stakes and some cloth, to make a little pavilion (each) with, and some dolly-furniture. There's other junk piled up around here too. I start to set up my tent/pavilion-thing, copying hers, but don't do it very well. Even as I get it worked out, the light is starting to fade, it's late in the afternoon and I should be putting these things away for the night; I'll start again tomorrow. I'm considering, though, which of these things could be left out overnight - maybe the stakes - but no, a dog might dig them up and take them, or it might rain and they'd be sunk in the mud. So I pull them up. There's a little 3- or 4-shelf rack-thing on the wall, it's wood, maybe it would be ok to leave it and put things on it - maybe not. About this time, here comes a little parade from the back, there's a little fenced yard just off the house's corner, and Marilyn, Linda (or Phyllis?), and Bonnie are bringing some junk in a cart up to the front. Marilyn's pushing it (it's either a wheelbarrow or a grocery cart) and there's something big in the front like a piece of plywood, that blocks visibility. And the whole cart is really crowding the space, I'm afraid she's gonna run over our stuff. I tell her to look out, please be careful, but she's rather oblivious. Linda/Phyllis tells me don't worry, it'll be okay, she's always like this. A little beyond where my stuff is, there's a frame with glass in it (or a mirror) on top of something, and it's broken so that a long, pointed piece of glass is leaning out of it. I'm concerned about it, especially since it makes me think of that part in The Stand where a woman deliberately cuts her throat and sticks a piece of glass in her eye so her head and face would be mutilated. Of course, that was intentional, but this particular piece of glass is about eye level, and I don't want anybody to run into it. I think I can tape it up, but Marilyn's still coming and I don't have time, so I just hold it up, very carefully out of the way as they pass. Then I go back and find some tape - I thought I had that brown tape but all there is, is masking tape - and then I put some on the edges, meaning to cover them all up so I can handle it, then tape the whole piece flat in so it won't stick out. Bonnie tells me I'd better be nice to Nick - he's especially miffed because his "place" has been disturbed. [I don't know if that's something they did - I think he likes to sleep in the garage - or if this little play-camp for kitties is for him.