I am on an arduous journey, a difficult time where I am with enemies, captured, enslaved. Our people come home, finally, we escape. The man, native American, that I worked with, is nearby. I slowly realize that this is our group's last moments together, the last night before we all break away and go on our own ways. I start feeling sad and nostalgic. He watches me. I step to the side and want to walk around outside. I see a place I might go to the bathroom, a hilly knoll. I get there and see an old gnome woman and a line of cute animals in a row. I say, "Oh, I didn't realize there were people here." She says, "Stay, if you want." I am embarrassed. I say, "Oh I just saw the cute animals and was curious." Actually, I needed to pee and walked off. It isn't appropriate to just sit on anything around and pee, copiously, anymore: couches, the ground. It creates a terrible stink for others. I go back and sit, holding the red leather wallet of the man gently in my hands. I stand up and walk to the open wall and look out at a huge movie screen in the rich house across the way. A love scene is on the screen and I feel sad. He wonders what I am looking at and walks near to see. I am embarrassed because it would be better if I was looking at mother nature, but I am looking at a TV or movie screen. I turn and walk back in. I hold this document journal book from the trip and then sigh and put it back where he had it. I replace the wallet. I hold a packet of photos and Ellie suggests she take them and get them developed tomorrow. I don't want to trust her with them. I don't want them misplaced or stolen. I hold on to them. I then see flashes of his face when we had been on trips or camp outs before and I realize he is the injured one I had taken for granted and not noticed much. I see his scarred and injured face. I realize he's been through some surgeries and now he is sweet and good-looking. I want to touch the scars on his face lovingly. He now realizes I am waking up to my feelings about him. He comes softly to me and suggests we debrief our travels. I look around the room to see what other group members he meant and see I am practically the only one there. He meant me. I agree shyly. Now I touch his face softly. I feel wonderment and sadness and love. I had been so blind, so numb, I had not given a moment's thought or feeling to what I had with me all this time. I am very touched. He is happy I finally have connected with him in a loving way.