I'm with this man. We like each other. There's something about Jamaican music. Then we go to a seaside viewpoint and he and a woman are showing me a beautiful view. I am entranced. It makes a semicircle, the waves and the shapes of the rocks under the water. I say, "Oh, it's beautiful. I must get a picture or two." The man smiles. I get out my camera and start to look in the view finder. I open the lens for the widest possible shot to get the full sweep of the circle, but a rock outcropping on the bottom left corner is in the way and messes up the beauty of the shot. I squirm for a better position but can't get around the rock thing. The man asks what's the problem and I explain about how the rock blocks the picture, or unbalances it or mars it. He says, "Well, then, I wanted you to take a picture of the cheerleader girl." I say, "The what?" I look out and see some rock formations that look like mermaids, sort of. I am not enthused about this angle, because it isn't as artistic, but I start to snap one for him. One of the rocks is now alive and is a little girl who wants her picture taken. She bounces around right in front of me and I try to focus, getting a head and shoulders shot and then a closeup of her face. Then I notice some wiggly boxes in different colors coming up on the view finder screen and realize something isn't right with the camera. I hadn't got the little color squares in it and all the pictures will turn out bad. I open my camera case and see that all my squares of colors have fallen out of their black metal frames. What a job this will be to get it all put back right! I start. The little girl is eager to help me. I open the book of instructions. The words are written like they were in a base of stone and spaces are used for punctuation. It describes what color goes at what point in the story. Now I look up and the man is laying about in a spa or hot water hole with an Evangeline hat and silly Evangeline glasses, narrow and to a point on the sides and on a beaded chain thing. He looks cute and silly. I laugh. I know he wants my attention and is impatient. I get done with all this fiddling around. I smile and say something that means, "This is just like when you were working (maybe a musician or actor) and I waited for you." He acknowledges the hit. I say, "I'll try to hurry." I get to the next part of the story. It doesn't seem to apply to the colors thing.