I am someplace where there are many rooms, sort of a house hotel. I carry a bag with a donut in it in my left hand. I really look forward to eating it as a treat. I open it and discover it is a sugar-glazed donut and feel real upset. I want to eat it but am afraid, because of the sugar. I almost decide to eat it but then give it away to the tall, large-chested man who seems to be enamored of me. I look for some other treat. I see a display of baby food jars and think about that, but decide that's too bland. I decide to return to another room where there are fruit-sweetened treats. He follows me. I can feel he really loves me and wants me. I seem to be drawn to him as well. We go into the room and he is showing me a special house he built that is earthquake proof. There is no roof and hardly any walls. I say, "I guess about the only place you can live in a house like this is the Southwest." He agrees. I sigh. I guess I'll have to learn to want to live in the Southwest. We go outside the room and suddenly he kisses me. His big rounded chest is very prominent, and he has to bend forward to be able to get around the chest to kiss me. He starts taking off his jeans. I say, "Please," I feel rushed. He is gently pushing me into the room. He lays down on the bed and asks me to take off my dress. He wants very badly to see my breasts. It is a passion for him that the breasts be the way he likes them. I feel embarrassed, rushed, and also feel his desperate, warm need. So I let him take the dress off as I sit on the bed with him. He pauses to say in a strangled voice of how terrible it is to be afflicted with such a strong need and not know why. I remember then, that he had told me his father had died in his arms, and right after that a large, buxom woman came into the room and comforted him. I realize this is why my breasts are so important to him. I say, "What happens if my breasts aren't right?" He says, "Then I'll love you anyway." He then gently sucks on my breast like a baby. I kiss his arm gently. It is sexually exciting.