A man is attracted to me and is trying to get my attention by hanging from a light fixture over a stairwell by his hands and doing tricks. I try to ignore him as I go to my apartment, but he is irresistible and I join him up there. We drop down in an embrace and I look up and say just in time as the square metal box was pulled apart and holding by one screw. We now go up to my apartment. He has moved his things in and a huge black and white bed takes up the entire room with maybe a dozen pillows across it. he turns down the comforter and we get in. He also has maybe four teenage boys. One wants to sleep with us. We laugh and send him on to his room. He goes in and there is bedlam going on in there as they noisily fight. One teen daughter is in there. She's the only nice one. I guess his kids didn't turn out well. Even though he's a wonderful man, his children are ruined. We cuddle up lovingly in the bed. Later, I am coming back to the apartment and a woman stops me and says, "I'm so glad I met up with you. I have the address of a place where you can write. It's one big room, the owner keeps fifty books there in a stack and the rest of the space is all open. If he moves in more books, he'll prorate the rent." She writes down the address, maybe like 219 Ausilaudes. "You don't have to live there," she says. "Just go there each day and write." I agree I need to do that and thank her for the address. Now I'm walking across a porch where small open boxes are displaying segments of a mystery story. I'd been curious to know how this story went, so I walk and look in each box which depicts a scene. "The battery," I say. It was a foreshadowing at the beginning. Now I understand why. My man is being attacked by horrible round organisms that are just a circle of color. They voraciously eat everything. and if he stops emitting this high-pitched noise like a scream, they will close in on him and eat him alive; me too. I am swimming in a lake and they are under the surface, coming at me. I scream and scream. This is an endless struggle. Finally his noise-emitting thing's battery runs out and he is trying to get a new one in. In the seconds while it's changing, they eat him up. I keep screaming and screaming. Finally I am exhausted and simply give up. They decide I shall die slowly and painfully, and I see myself bruised and battered and exhausted, waiting only for the agony to end with death.