I am having my hair done for an interview on TV. It's a strange hairdo I am given. My hair is black with gray streaks in it, like H's. It is teased up into two big crescent-shaped rolls (not food), sort of 1940's. I am uncertain about whether I like it. I go to the TV station and the man interviews me, taking a lot of the time to comment on my strange hairdo. I am embarrassed, but can't do much about it. After the interview, Hasani and I are going somewhere and I pause at the counter and ask if I'd gotten any mail. Hasani is annoyed and says, Do it later, we have to hurry." (We have a second interview to go to, this is the next morning.) But the woman finds my mail and gives it to me and I am happy to see lots of Christmas cards and letters, lots of them from Amber. She must have given me lots of little things and separately wrapped them, like photos of her kids and so on. I gather the pile up and go to a room where I try to adjust the hairdo to a mere moderate and normal-looking one. I succeed. It's a normal French twist now and a brown color. My three girls are around. Dovre and Ellie sit on my left. Paulina walks outside and I see her face framed in the window by the pretty curtain. There are carolers out there and she joins in. The song is Silent night. It is sweet. Dovre's face is pensive as she listens to Paulina. Now Paulina is inside with us as I am separating the mail into piles on the bed: books here, new books there, letters, coins (lots of them) to the right. I ask Paulina to help me. I say, "Open the letters and put the envelopes here and the letter right next to it in another pile." Then I change my mind and say, "No, it will be easier to find things if you lay the letter on top of the envelope in one pile." She does so, and as she does it, she is trying to sing along with the carolers but sings the wrong words and I correct her. When they sang "mother and child," she sang "mother and mother." When they sang "eternal voice" she sang "voice." It should have been "eternal."