I am moving to Alaska to collect my inheritance. Some old woman relative died and left her estate to me. A lieutenant, tall, good-looking and muscular, comes to take me there. He is helpful, safe and strong. We are in a taxi and I am tired, having been traveling for some time. We go to a place, a counter where I can pick up my belongings, like a post office or airline place. I see my things are out of their package, and I ask the clerk if she has a large garbage bag I can use to put the loose things in. She doesn't understand at first, then gives me a padded one. I tiredly ask what the return address is on the baggage, so if any of my stuff got lost, it would be sent there. She says some long strange name with lots of "W's" in it. I am upset. That is my ex-husband's address. How tricky of him; now he'll get my things. How unfair. I drag my stuff to the taxi and sit in the back seat with the lieutenant. I cry on his shoulder; he likes me and is sympathetic, but a bit distant. Perhaps he's afraid to be clear about his feelings, it might make me more upset. We get to the town and I say, "You won't like this, but I've forgotten to get my suitcases. They're at the bus depot. I only have the clothes on my back." We get out. The estate looks kind of small and tacky. There are a line of small, tacky cabins on the front part of the property, facing back to the one on the hill, a steep, dirty hill. I want it to be better and will it to be better. Now we go in and I see room after room, all of them in the wrong places. A bathroom first, a kitchen and the living room off in the back of the house. I want it to all look spacious and rich, and manage some ornate furniture. I go out to the back where a curtain is across the back full wall window. The corner of the curtain falls a bit and I see a beautiful view. I go out on the patio, a wooden deck and admire the mountains in the background. Unfortunately, right next to my property is a wire fence and a bunch of large construction trucks and tacky, bare dirt. Behind a wall is a small, covered swimming pool. I say to the lieutenant, "Oh, this must be the one warm day of the year. I suppose (it's September) that that cold season (I couldn't remember the name for Fall) is starting tomorrow. His back is to me as he's looking out over the vista. He says, "This is Juneau, it's warmer here." I say "Oh, I forgot, this IS Juneau." We go back inside. A cold, well-dressed woman comes in; she likes the lieutenant and doesn't like me. She hands me a book that will tell me about the woman who left me the estate. I see a 1920's cupie doll kind of face, on the book cover. There is some mystery here, some sadness, she got used somehow. Now an old butler speaks, but I don't see him. He introduces himself as the old retainer and will be happy to stay on and with his wife the cook and so on. I hesitate, it sure would help, but I ask, "How much do you charge." The woman implies I shouldn't worry about it, I've got a pretty good deal here, with the estate. Maybe it's all paid for.