Maren and Ellie and the younger set are there. They believe in fundamental religion and the Bible and I am going to debate them about reincarnation. I am walking around a large house with lots of interesting floors and no walls that I am aware of. There is a dirty water channel around the house like a moat. Dangerous fish monsters are in there and if you swim in it to get to the other side, you are eaten alive. As I am walking from room to room, I pass two young, leather-jacketed men, teens really, and I am exclaiming how wondrously beautiful the world is, shimmering, sparkly beauty. They approve of me. Not many people notice. I walk up a path and see a large green lake on the left. A man is laying down on the edge of it looking at it and saying, "How pretty." I say, "But cold. It is fed by glaciers." He doesn't believe me. I say, "Stick your hand in, you'll see." He does and it is very cold, like ice. Someone remarks, "This lake has been many places," and I ask, "How can you move a lake around?" I go back into the house area. Maren has returned and is interested in debating me about reincarnation. Then I realize she means to quote to me from the Bible to argue against me. A man comes to me and says, "I want you to see the new water." I am impatient but follow him. He takes me to the dangerous channel. He wants us to cross it and see the new water over there on the other side as well. I look at the channel and see it is blue and solid, with a thin water layer over the blue solid "floor" laid over the channel. He says to the keeper of the gate, "We want to cross." The gate keeper is nervous. The man says, "I'll hold back the bear." I watch as the gatekeeper is trying to open the valve to let the crossing be safe as a huge bear is trying to eat him. The man is wrestling with the bear, holding him at his huge, gaping mouth. The bear has stretched his neck out long like a dinosaur's neck. It is overwhelming, but the man barely manages. Now a couple walks across the channel and I, in a prom dress, nervously step across. I am worried it will give in and I'll fall in with the monsters. We get across. The couple goes to the meadow and walks away; the meadow has that same thin film of water over it. The man says, "We'll go up higher. Push that button." "What button?" I ask. "That one," he says. I see two. "Which one?" I ask. He laughs and says, "This one, right in front of me." I look over and see a button he is looking at. I step over and push the button and a small square platform I am standing on begins to go up and the man steps off. "Aren't you coming?" I ask. "No," he says, "the platform isn't stable enough for two. Sit down, he says. "What?" I say. He says "Sit down, it's safer." Now it's going very high up and I sit, facing the mountain cliff we are rising up, very aware there are no walls and I am afraid of heights. I concentrate on looking at the solid cliff and not to look down. I get to the top, but the fun has gone out of this as I am alone and the man isn't there. I look around and then return back down. Now I see the water has returned to its original brown, murky dangerous way and realize I can't get back home. The man is over there. I ask, "What happened?" He says, "We couldn't hold it. It disintegrated." I am very distraught. Now a woman, sort of me, but I am watching, dives in and desperately swims to the other side hoping she makes it before the monster fish get her. She almost makes it, but a huge brown fish comes out from under the bank and pulls her back under by the feet. She is dead and gone and eaten. I stand on the bank, knowing I can't go home and wanting to. Somehow I do manage to cross and return. Now as I am walking on the floors, I step hesitantly, half expecting the floors to have soft watery spots I can sink into and be eaten alive by the fish monsters.