I am at a V. family reunion. It seems odd, because I thought we just had one and now it's next year already. My Aunt Esther is there, as young and pretty as in her prime, maybe early 20's. Her hair style is very 1940's and luxuriant. I remark how pretty she is. I want to tape things good this year and go get my video camera. I find the camera and the cord, but no batteries and no tapes. I desperately search and find other kinds of tapes, but not for the camera. The aunties are seated around an old oak dining table and are starting. The room is empty except for them and the table. The kids are playing in another room. I try to remember what they say and how they talk. Now I am very sleepy and lay down on the foot of a bed, apparently in another room. Katrina is laying on the bed and I move my head so I don't lay on her feet, but she gently replaces my head on her feet so I'll be more comfortable. I am so sleepy that I continue to not respond and she takes a pillow and places behind my knees and gently moves my legs so they will be straight, as it is bad for me to sleep all curled up. My joints will stiffen that way. I start to slip and I slide right off the bed and onto the floor. Then I get up. I'm hungry and go to find the cookies in the kitchen. I see lots of different kinds of cookies but not the kind I like (chocolate chip). I also see a chest of drawers and I rummage around and see jewelry and books and things. I try to organize them. Now I go outside. I've apparently been exercising and gaining strength and now I go down a ladder, wearing sneakers and a jogging suit and attempt to walk on the beach. I am elated. It's a dream come true. I see the waves at the surf's edge, the foamy white little waves and happily walk in them, feeling strong and vigorous. I look out to the sea and notice a breakwall with the ocean beyond it and then a wave about hip deep sweeps over me and I enjoy that, but am now a little concerned. I look again and realize a tidal wave is coming and I turn and run for higher ground. It roars over me and I am dragged and then deposited on a wooden fence-like thing. I hang on and look again to see even a bigger wave crashing over me. I hold my breath and go under. It recedes and then I see bird like dinosaurs, huge and non-thinking, eating the running and screaming people. I hide down behind a wooden fence, in the grasses, between rocks. My little girl is with me and I hug her to me. The dinosaurs pass over me and sniff, they kind of know I'm there and can't find me, but are getting very close. Another wave comes over. I hang on, hoping desperately we'll be safe. They eat more people. Now I peek out at the ocean and see it is running sideways. The current is like a river and huge plumes of exploding water funnels come up and dissipate. Something is very wrong. A dinosaur reaches his head over where I hide and is sniffing very close.