I think I'm in England, on a sort of "field" trip with a group of friends - we're sort of camping out in a nearly-empty storefront that I think is being used as an antiques warehouse. We have sleeping bags and all, scattered around on the floor. There may be 8 or 10 of us, including Johanna. We're sort of lounging around, there's no particular plans, and some of us go out for a walk. There's a fair number of people about, it's a nice friendly place, and cute little shops up and down the street. A little further down there's a sort of square, with flowers and seats, where people sit. As we stroll along that way, I pass by a guy who doesn't look nice at all - scruffy, sinister, dirty - and he says something to me (he's also black) - I don't want to encourage him, so I just nod or something and go on. He gets up and follows. I walk a little faster, but he's still there. [He sticks with me for a bit, but I do some clever maneuver that loses him, which I've forgotten now.] So I carry on back to the storefront in a hurry. We're having a good time, sitting around joking. Somebody comes up with what's left of a bag of bagel chips and passes it around. Johanna and I leap on it, we're hungry. I get one, pass it, then grab it back and get another, Johanna does too. It's evening, the light is dimming. A man comes along to take us somewhere. He has a "flivver" - it's really quite neat, a black horse and buggy, the spidery kind with a folding top, and this one has a sort of high rumble seat. He (the man) talks to our leader, who gets us all organized and our luggage gathered, and we pile in. I get put in the rumble seat, and I'm really doubtful about this - it's really high, and bouncy, I can see right over the canvas top of the carriage and it's precarious up here. But they tell me I'll be fine (there's someone else up here too). We go off. It's a nice ride, off out of town through some lovely green woods and little hills. It's night now, all quiet and rich and exotic-seeming. We arrive at the man's house. It's a farm or an estate, I guess - big place. We stop at what I guess is a barn or carriage-house and get out. His daughter comes to greet us, she's maybe 14, long dark hair, pretty. Some of us go off to the house with her. While I'm still here looking at something, the man's son comes by the side of the building, leading a pony on a rope. The pony is being frisky, and the boy is getting pulled along now. There's a big mud patch right at the corner, and - whoops! pony slips and goes down, right over, legs up, and of course the boy gets pulled right down too, on his face. His dad laughs, so do we. I notice it's daylight, and I'm amazed. [There's a scene fragment about getting ready to go home, and I'm aware that in another dream I was talking about, and intending to practice, lucid dreaming.]