The actor John Ritter is now sort of the Alan Alda/Ernie guy. He's in love with his woman and there is a short, pudgy, sensitive woman friend. The woman he is in love with and he are very attracted to each other but there some things in the way, maybe other relationships or something, so they are drawn to each other but aren't quite connecting. He touches her face lovingly. They talk. Somehow they are teaching each other by example how to be like the other. The woman teaches John to be more loving and John teaches her how to be more direct and sure and centered. I am with John at a football game. I watch as a play is made on the field. John is calling the shots. He says, "OK, OK, throw a 32." I watch as they throw the ball and John yells, "Low, really low!" Then the ball is thrown up and into a square marked 32. The crowd roars. I say, "Is that a good thing?" He says, "Yeah, it was strategy." Then one of the football players grabs another one and physically picks him up by his feet and his hair and carries him to the referee who sits on a high seat by the goal posts. The guy had cheated or done something unsportsmanlike and he's being taken to the ref for a fine or a reprimand or something. I laugh and say, "Football! Can't they just play the game? What's all this macho stuff?" The crowd shifts uncomfortably, a bit ready to heckle me for having a negative attitude about football. I feel that keenly and snort a bit more sarcastically. They respond one notch more, grumbling and hostile. I say to John, "They do that one more time, I'll do it. I'll just say it." We are on the edge of them booing me and calling me names for being a stupid lady and I'm on the edge of calling them stupid and so on. John grabs my arm and says, "Let's go." We start to leave. Now I am the pudgy woman friend. John's woman tells him his wife/girlfriend is in the hospital. The babies are seriously in trouble. John says, "That's terrible, but what can I do?" She soothes him and assures him it would make no sense to go to the hospital and be there. The pudgy woman is in the elevator and John and the woman are waiting for the elevator. She says to him, "You know, you are too rough on her. You criticize everything she does. Her ass is too big, she doesn't talk right, she should do this and that. It's a wonder she isn't having suicidal thoughts. She just loves you, you know." "I know, "says John, "I wish I could be more like her. She's so caring and sensitive." Now the pudgy woman gets out of the elevator. John somehow shows her the newspaper headlines about the babies being seriously in trouble and she sees this and starts crying and sobbing and running. She must get to the hospital and do whatever is possible to do. She's running down the hall to another elevator, sobbing her heart out. John is filled with guilt and remorse. Why can't he be like that? She is so giving of her love and he is so selfish and self-centered.