I'm in a (place like a movie theater) with friends, and I have to go to the bathroom - it's around a wall and down a corridor. There's 1 or 2 people in here to start with, and I find the catch on the door has to be just-so before it will hold. [Somehow the scene changes, and there are 2-3 other girls in here with me - the space is wider and the wall doesn't go all the way across - it's open on the right. Around the wall it's an office - Andrea H. is at a desk with someone else, and she's telling me she has an assignment for me when I get through. I duck back around the wall; now I'm wondering how I can pee with all these people around. [I do something, which results in a puddle of pee that I need to pick up and dump out, and I get my feet and legs splashed - it's not a whole lot, but I'm annoyed. Some even got on my skirt. I go over to Andrea - we walk outside while she tells me something (it's either about what I'm to do when I'm gone from here, or while she's gone somewhere). We stop by a short open bookcase with various things on it, including a shoe - it has no mate, and I pick it up out of idle curiosity. She says it was left by one of the branch managers. [I'm thinking a black one.] It's black fabric, high-heeled, and actually open down the front, with scalloped edges. It's big too, and I put it on for the fun of it, considering I've got on flats and this will make me quite off-balance. It sure is big - it's almost big enough that my foot would fall straight out of the opening on top. I find this very amusing - I expect Andrea to remark on it, but she doesn't, and so I call to a friend nearby and show her. (There are several people about, doing things.) Now I need to go, and I walk around to the front of the house where my car is, and I stop and say hello to the cats, especially Alleycat, who I haven't seen for a while - they're perched up on a very low roof or wall where the driveway stops. I get in my car [or somebody's anyway] and drive a little way down the street - it's a very nice street with tall green trees, a roof of leaves, sunlight showing through. [There's some reason I have to turn around - I pull into a driveway, back out, and go the other way. I have trouble adjusting the mirror, and I'm afraid I'm going to hit a man or his car with the outside mirror on mine - it's quite large. But it turns out okay.