I am at a man's house. It's Derek and yet not quite Derek. It is a potluck. Carlene and Pat are there, Brian and Megan, and perhaps some others. Brian says it's time to go and offers to give Carlene and Pat a ride, as I had brought them. They all leave and Derek and I are alone. It feels very exciting and promising. Derek is showing me around his house. He has a photo album open on the floor and I easily lay down on the floor to see what's in it. Derek is standing and walking into the kitchen and back to where I am. I am aware that both my being on the floor and his walking are not really possible. I look at the photos and say with some respect and awe, "Hey, these are like Steven Spielberg's special effects." "Yes," he says. "Did you use special equipment or machines?" "No," he said, "I did it with perspective." And he points out how something in the foreground and something in the background are sized to make a unique perspective. I am very impressed and then realize these are far better than any of my photos. I say, "Maybe I shouldn't show you any of my photos." He agrees. I feel a bit hurt. I need to go to the bathroom and he says, upstairs. I walk up a long flight of stairs, realizing this should be difficult to impossible, but I'm doing fine. I find the bathroom. As I come back out the bathroom into a hall, I see an older woman and several younger women talking, perhaps about me, in whispers. I now am passing the open bedroom door of Derek's bedroom, on the left at the top of the stairs. I can't resist looking in and am specifically looking to see what kind of bed he has. It is an ordinary double bed and I am glad. It looks inviting. I go fast down the stairs, which are lined with books along the wall. I go so fast I almost skip stairs and trip myself up. Derek walks toward me, his sexy eyes clearly indicating he is sexually interested. I feel warm and responsive. But somehow, we are taking things to the kitchen and we go down another flight of stairs to a big open space. I look again for a bathroom and find a huge public bathroom and can't find the toilets. I ask a clerk at a window and he points to a room. I go in and it's a communal bathroom. I pee, somewhat self-consciously as the door is open and people are wandering through. I come back out and now am back in the living room and lying on the floor again. Derek walks over and lies down beside me and pulls out a condom and just shows it to me. I look at it and then at him and he smiles like a clown and makes shapes out of the condom, a mushroom shape and other things like a balloon clown would. I feel shy and sexually excited and he looks over at the stairs invitingly. I go to the stairs. At the bottom of the stairs, I sit down and he comes over and kisses me, lying down on top of me saying, "If you don't want to do this, now is the time to tell me." I want to do this and kiss him passionately, sexually aroused.