I'm at Peggy and James' house (at least it's supposed to be, but doesn't look like the real one). I've just stopped in here around noon, lunch-hour, to visit for a while but nobody's here. (It's a sort of homey place, white, black trim, probably 30's or 40's, modest, a front porch with a corner and 2 doors.) I go to check the mail - there's a long mailbox [like their real one only longer], and I fumble somewhat getting the mail out - I pull it away from the wall. It's been stuck up there with double-sided tape, which I've twisted somewhat and I'm afraid I don't get it back on very well, but it looks ok, sort of. While I'm here on the porch I see that there are 4 people - kids, looking a little hoodlum-ish (at least one's got a black leather jacket on), one's a girl with long blonde hair, one guy has black "greaser"-style hair, etc. - hanging around near the yard, on bicycles. It's all open here, no fences, and the house faces a corner of a wide business street - plenty of visibility, but not many people about. They're looking at the house, and now I see they have guns, actually pointed this way. I am very disturbed, but I think the thing to do is casually go to the car and lock myself in. I think I'll be safer there. (It's my mom's car, I think, and the house has also become hers now.) I get into the back seat and start locking the doors, but they're too fast for me - one jumps into the front passenger seat and leans over, pointing his gun at me, grinning. I freeze up. One or 2 have gone into the house too, and I'm suddenly horrified I've left it open - somebody holds up a bundle of money that was somewhere, I'm mortified that I've let them steal from my own mother. They all get in the car and one says we're going on a little trip, you just sit back and take it easy (or something like that). All very standard cop-show hoodlum stuff. [Next scene:] We're in a police station - all of them are here, and a policeman (detective? plain clothes, I think) and my mother are here. They're talking, and from what I can gather they meant to give themselves up. Maybe all along, I don't understand if this whole thing was some sort of ruse or not. I'm still terrified, pulled in on myself, won't say anything, in shock. I look from one to the other and don't quite believe what I hear. I want to cry but I can't. My mom says something. I get up and go out of the room (did somebody suggest it?), through a bit of corridor to a waiting room where there's a couch, chair, end table, lamp, etc. Finally I break down and sob hysterically, falling to my knees and huddling over the chair. I think somebody comes to comfort me, I think it's my mom.