I'm at a place that resembles the yoga studio. This is a house, fairly big, and long - with various doors down the side. I'm with some other people and Fred, who's got to feed the pets for the owners of the house, they're on vacation, and he's gone on in. It's rather dark, like a very dark day, or dusk, but that's normal. The house may be old or not, but it's kind of clumsy-looking, not exactly ramshackle but tired, neglected, something like that, and that's normal too. Some men show up looking for the residents, or at least the wife, and we tell them they're not there. They ask [something we can't answer; either where they've gone or can they - the men - come into the house for some reason] and we (or at least I) say we can ask Fred about it, he's the only one who knows anything. So we go down to the door where the kitchen is. I thought it was one in particular and then realized it was the next one instead, so I open that one and here's Fred, behind the refrigerator door, which opens across the space of the outside door. It's also up a step, so all I see of Fred is the top of his head. I start to ask him our question, but he waves me away with his arm - I start again, "But...", and he does it again, very vehemently, so I just shrug and say okay, and close the door. I assume that maybe the dogs are very touchy and might get vicious if there's some interruption, or something's going on in there that he shouldn't be distracted from. The door is metal, and rather flimsy - it doesn't close very well and I fiddle with it for a bit. [Next scene: this is directly connected, but I'm pretty sure doesn't happen in the same place.] There's this girl who's staying in this apartment that's part of high-rise combination office/residential/shopping conglomeration. She's young, blonde, short hair, nice-looking - I don't know if she lives here or is staying with a friend, but she's alone for now. She goes down the hall to this copy office, a kind of self-serve place that also has files in it, and a couple of secretarial types who work at desks. Our girl is looking for a file in some sort of drawer - the files are left of the door, and there's a table in the center of this end of the room, so to look in the lower files you're rather crowded between it and the table. One of the "secretaries" comes over to the same area and in order to get where she wants, she has to reach around the girl. This is pretty close in, and the girl is very uncomfortable. She gets up as soon as she can. Back in the apartment, some men come in. They're all wearing suits and seem a bit on the tough side, and apparently this is some sort of a kidnapping. The leader forces the girl to tie up the other guys (they're part of the gang, but still this the plan) and then he ties her up, and then himself. Now, you can't actually tie yourself up too well of course, and this is rather perfunctory, but then he can still do the next thing which is to set the place on fire. Actually there is a fire, but the whole place doesn't burn up - there's a lot of smoke and it's very murky but the fire goes out. It appears this is intentional, it's something akin to a suicide pact, but more into S &amp; M. Later [presumably the previous episode is past] she's come back to the copy room again, but this time she's nervous, looking very uptight about something. She stands for a bit on the other side of the table as if she were waiting for something. Then she goes to the file again, and the same thing happens - the secretary comes over and practically has her arms around our girl to get at some files. This time she freaks out, though, and fights back, struggling, kicking, screaming. The secretary tries to subdue her, which makes it worse, and they knock around some more, and then the girl gets away. She runs down the hall, which is where I see her. I start to chase her - there's a reason for this, I'm some sort of law enforcement - and she gets away down the turns. She's frantic - pretty mussed, and her knees are all scratched up, pantyhose (or whatever she's wearing) all torn, she's bleeding a bit, so she's quite noticeable. We've come out into this very large mall, multilevel, lots of people about, bright lights. She runs to an escalator in the middle, and takes off down it. We (someone is with me) follow, and I hesitate for a second at the top, seeing that there's not many people up here but it's crowded at the bottom - the escalator is very wide - and I'm afraid I'm not sure-footed enough to run down this thing. But, I think, I've got on good running shoes and I can do this. So off we go, at top speed, taking 2 or 3 steps at a time, and down toward the bottom. I realize that it's not as crowded as it had looked from the top, there's enough room. We dash on across the floor after her, to a door that leads to the underground parking garage. It's a garage, all right, there's cars here, but boy is it grungy. We're up a bit, you go down a half-flight of concrete steps to the parking floor. Everything here is covered with grime, and to our left a car is being picked up by a filthy tow truck - it looks like they've been working on it, and have had to give up, so they're towing it. The mechanics are all black, dressed in sweaty, greasy dark-blue short-sleeved mechanic shirts and pants. All their stuff has pounds of that thick black grease mixed with dirt on it that you could scrape off like mud. (This is all normal too - in this world, there are thousands of mechanics, they're like the central figures in society, rather the way doctors, lawyers, or policemen or politicians are here - one defers to them, and there are always mechanics working on broken-down cars everywhere you go.) We dash down the stairs, following the girl around the center rows of cars, to the left, then right again to the back wall, where there's a concrete walk up some steps, with a rail, and it turns around to more steps descending into a pit. There's a door down there, and she's making for that - I gather that this is the passage to the "gang's" secret hideout, how they've been getting to places they break into. The girl pauses on the steps, looks up at us still on the walkway, and she's wilder than ever. She's got dark circles around her eyes like a 30's Dracula movie, and a maniacal grin. She flings some taunt at us, like, "We'll be back - we'll get you" or "You'll get yours, you'll see", something like that.