I am in a living room. Derek is there, as well as Charla and other relatives. Derek and I had done half of a script I'd written. We'd taped it, maybe radio or audio tape, I don't know. Charla was in it. Now at 2:00, we'll go in and tape the second half. I'm checking the script to see if Charla is still in it. Some woman relative says, "...But Dovre is so angry at Derek. If he has to go pick Charla up, she'll be mad at him." I say, "Then I'll go get her." I see Charla isn't in the script in the second half and notice there are only long monologues for Derek and me. I see Derek sitting in an easy chair and I hop happily into his lap. I realize that's a bit intimate, so I scoot up on the arm of the chair. I alternate being in his lap and getting up on the arm of the chair. I tell Charla she can stay here with the relatives for a while, as she's not in the script. I am relieved she takes it well and is happy to stay. I see two young men come in and I think one is just like Tony Curtis. Is he a cousin or an Uncle? I am trying to remember. It seems he used to be a relative many years ago. He says hello to me and I realize he is perhaps a son of the old one I remember. He doesn't remember me. I go to Aunt Naomi and ask her if that was Tony, not the Dressel one, but the one that I might have know many years ago. She is surprised and tells me a story of a young man she loved long ago. I say, "But have I met him?" She says, "No." I realize she thought I was being psychic and clicking in on her past love. She is very tall. Now I go into another room. Derek is there holding an oblong box with lots of buttons in it, a musical instrument of some kind. Uncle Joel is there. Derek also has some golf clubs. I teasingly take one and we tease back and forth about how I don't know how to play golf. I say, "Sure I do. You take this club and you..." I look at the ends. No hitting part. So I tickle Uncle Joel's nose with it and we laugh. Then I take the box and try to play a song. At first it is random notes and then I start to get the hang of it and play a nice rhythmic rumba kind of music and end on three bass notes. Everyone is laughing happily and applauding. It is very joyful and I feel good about having figured out how to do it and do it well. I then look at the buttons in the box and realize I've mushed them all up until they are a messy mass of what looks like rubber eraser bits. I say, "Oops, hope you can put it back together" (to Uncle Joel). I then realize it's almost 2:00. I get up to go change my clothes to go to the taping. Uncle Joel is seated on a stool and is sad. He tells me how he used to be good at things and now he can't do them any more. He just tried to read for five hours and on the short reading tests he did OK, but on the longer ones he couldn't remember what he'd read. I am very sympathetic and tell him how I've had to go on and learn new things and give myself grace and time to get good at the new thing. I sort of am aware I'm lecturing, even though I am genuinely sympathetic and loving. I look over at Derek to see if he noticed. Now I'm holding Uncle Joel's hand and I'm walking away to go change. I still have his hand in mine and turn to see that Derek had exchanged Joel's hand for his own and is walking behind me. We go into the bedroom and I see it is 2:00 now. "Oh," I say, "We're late...." I rush around getting the clothes. Derek is very mad at himself for being late again and slaps himself on the legs. I say, "...but first I really got to go pee." I rush for the bathroom.