I have returned to work at the community college. I am advising the new students. A man comes up and asks about a lot of different things, like classes in legal aid and religious studies and so on. I ask if he intends to get a degree, either a 2-year or a 4-year one. He doesn't know. He just wants the classes. I get the catalogue and start trying to get the information. I am aware I've been gone for a long time and don't know the new information or the new format it is in. I find a section on Oceanography. Leafing backwards in the catalogue, I find Science. Then, I go forward in the catalogue and find Spiritual, or Religious Studies. I say, "Oh, of course, it would be in alphabetical order." The man is quite happy with me and keeps kissing me on the neck and cheek. I am annoyed with him and finally tell him firmly to stop that. He goes away. Now, I walk toward another section of school. I am outside and walking toward a wooden bridge. Now there is a dream sequence in the dream, where I give up and say to my female partner who I've been living with for some time (like Theresa and Christie of Rochelle's friends), that I give up. We can make love. It's OK now. I wake from that dream and wonder if I really did that and made love, or if it was only a dream. I try to notice how my body feels and decide that it was a dream and we didn't actually make love. I am relieved. I now walk toward the bridge and see Theresa/Christie on a truck. I smile tentatively, thinking she must think I'm really strange to just announce it's OK to make love after so long ignoring her. She smiles at me and says, "It's still a marriage even though I've been in the deep freeze for so long." She chats about things and asks me how it went at work yesterday. I say, "It was a long day, 8 to 10 hours, but I started getting the hang of it after awhile. The hardest part and the most tiring was working with the new students." The feeling is that we will get together later. I walk on across the bridge and see I'm in a fruit/produce section of a grocery store and pause to choose some snacks, fruits. I choose a banana, think about the apple or the pear, and eat the banana. Dickie stops by to get some too. Then, we'll head on over to where we'll be working.