I live in a house. Katrina and Derek are there to visit. I give them a tour. I live in the older part, which is equivalent to a 2-bedroom small house. The back bedroom was a remodeled add-on. Derek says, "There's one bedroom that isn't being used." I say, "Not only that, but there is more to this house. I like it better. It's bigger and the rooms are more interesting." I go down the hall and pass through two kitchens, each one fully equipped. The one in the hall has two refrigerators. I open the French-doors with glass squares to the spacious living room. There are big windows on the far wall, very nice. We look in. It is fairly empty. I wonder why I don't live here, and not in the small older square room I currently live in. I go on down the hall and show a bedroom, and at the end of the hall is a double connecting door. I try it to make sure and the inner door is locked, meaning the other side of this house is occupied with other people. I remember that last year I lived for a while in this side and had a hospital bed in the bedroom. I can't remember why I moved back to the older part. Now I want to go into the spacious living room and show Derek. We go in. I notice a hilly knoll of grass that needs to be tended to on the floor. I see two fireplaces and a kerosene heater, and a small electric heater. I see bookshelves on the wall, only it is all covered with knickknacks and clocks. Derek says, "You've got some really weird stuff in here." I say, "It's not mine." I look around. Lots of the clocks have seashells on them for decoration. One clock has two small secondhand circles. The hands are going around very fast. Derek asks me if I ever go to the coast to write. I say yes, I'd been to N City. He asks if I liked it. I say yes. I keep looking around and see a lawyer's glassed bookcase with weird knickknacks and wine bottles in it. I want the case, but not what's in it. Now we go to the bedroom and look around. A woman is there. Paulina at about 5 or 6 years is there. Derek and I had left our wheelchairs in the hall. He walked with a limp and a cane. I got back into my chair so he wouldn't feel bad. Now see Derek is seated in the wicker chair at a small wicker dining table. I choose to remain in my wheelchair and bump the table several times. I know it would be more comfortable if I transferred also, but I stubbornly don't. Paulina and I are talking about last year. We're playing a card game. (I wake up for a few moments and go right back into the dream. I am aware that I've dreamt this house before.) Now Derek and I are in another room and Paulina mentions a bunny. "Oh," says Derek, "I want to see the bunnies." I sit where I am and Derek goes into another part of the store and returns with a towel. He puts it in my lap. I know by this that he's decided he wants a bunny. He goes back to pick out one. I say, after he's out of the room, "I want to help choose. Paulina had a bunny last year. I want one of the round cute fuzzy ones." He goes upstairs and comes back with a flat kind of bunny. Now I have a lap full of six baby bunnies and a mother bunny, maybe the one from last year comes in and nests with them, like a mama bird. Another white one comes in. I pet it and it meows. I am surprised it is a cat and still wants to nurture the baby bunnies.