I am in bed asleep. Nate comes in. He wants to make love, so he starts his charming patter. He kisses me and I say, "Ummmm." He says, "What does a woman mean when she says "ummmm," and I lie and say, "It means, 'Oh, how interesting,'" but what it really means is "God that feels good. I want it." I ask him to leave. I get up. He follows me and holds me close. He puts his penis in as we are standing. I say, "No, not here, someone could walk by and see." We are in front of the open screen door (same place as first dream). So we're walking around clinging and he's kissing me. We go into another bedroom and start to lay down on the floor. I'm sitting on him. Then a young crazy man comes in and stands near us. He's talking to himself and has papers and shirts and they fall on the floor. Nate and I ask him to leave. He mumbles incoherently as he tries to gather up his stuff. Nate and I sit there, still coupled sexually, waiting. I help the young man hang up a shirt (white office work shirt) on a wire hanger. The hook is crooked. He hangs it up in his mouth, stretching his mouth out very wide. We uncouple and stand up, trying to herd the young man out. He asks if he can keep something. We get him to the porch. Now he and Nate have words and start to fist fight. I say, "Don't please." A woman comes up, a homeless woman looking for the ame place the young man was looking for. It is obviously the wrong address. There's a Styrofoam cooler with something rotten in it, and the man wants to know if he can have some. I say "Yes." He takes some. Now I see there is some strange metal ramp enclosed thing on the porch screwed into the railing. I see an elaborate (articulated sections) iron lung gadget next to it. The young man starts tinkering with the iron lung thing. I say, "It will get broken." Nate says, "Whose is it?" I say, "The government wanted to keep it here for awhile. I'm responsible." Nate says, "Did you agree to watch over it?" I said, "No." Then, he says, "You aren't responsible." I notice I am trying to unscrew the other thing and stop that. I would like these things gone, but somehow they'd been foisted on to me. So as Nate and I are watching, the man dismantles parts of the iron lung thing. I'm wishing that they'd go away so I could finish making love to Nate. Nate says, "Well, hope they hurry because I'm getting married tomorrow." I say, "What did you say?" He realizes he's blown it. He makes something else up and I say, "No, you said getting married tomorrow." I swing open the screen door. He looks at me like a naughty boy and steps out. "Sure you won't change your mind," he wheedles. I say sadly, "No." I really would like to make love to him but, oh, well. He blew it.