I'm in England, visiting I think - or maybe I'm supposed to get married. I've been visiting with some people and a man came - he's somebody we knew and like, but he's rather shy and retiring. Lives in the country, and I'm supposed to go visit him. He has to leave right away, and I'll follow on my motor scooter shortly. He tells me where he lives and how to get there - when I get to the town he'll meet me. He leaves, and I finish up, say goodbye to my friends, and putter off. Rouse is with me, and it's quite a challenge to hold on to her and drive. We leave the city and drive through suburbs, buildings getting smaller and farther apart, more and more green trees and grass. It's very pretty here - the road becomes a lane, winding through tall trees, little hills. It gets to be harder to hold Rouse - she's getting restless. part of me is observing, and wonders if I don't have any more luggage than this (there's a small bag somewhere on the scooter). I think of ways I could be carrying more, like a knapsack or a carrier. I begin to be concerned about how to get where I'm going. I think I stay on this road until I come to the town, but he mentioned 3 towns and I seem to have forgotten which one is the right one. I've been relying on my memory - nothing written down - and that's probably a mistake, now I'm having doubts. We keep on until we come to a place that has some people milling around - some event is going on - and I figure I can go and ask for some help. It turns out to be a dog show, or trials, and these people are rather upper-class, with expensive outdoors-y clothes, a woman wearing jodhpurs, all that. Having dogs around is also pretty tricky with Rouse here. (Part of me wonders why I don't have a carrier for her, and also, how can she be with me instead of in quarantine? - actually that's a little later, after I've left again.) The woman wants to help out but isn't really sure how, since she doesn't know the man I'm going to see and I don't have much information. The men (2 or 3 of them) aren't interested, and wander off. My brother (who's younger than me here) is in a side room of the house, a sort of den/workroom, he's sitting on a couch and a couple of other guys are sitting nearby, one perched on a desk - he's older than my brother, sort of a mentor, and they're having a sort of heart-to-heart talk, very emotional for my brother, he's working through something. I come in and sit down next to him, just becoming aware of what's going on. I feel an empathy for him - I really am fond of him, though we're not usually affectionate - and put my hand up to pat his neck. I rub my hand on the back of his head - he's got a buzz cut, it's real short - and lean over close to him. He puts his arm around me and we hug. I'm pleased to be able to offer him support. I'm supposed to be getting married - I've got on a wedding dress and there are a number of people about, all dressed nice. We're outdoors, at a place where you travel from - either a marina or an airport. There's a plane or boat here, that I'm going to go away on, and I'm up on its top or hull, and it's in sunlight. Most of the others are in shade under the canopy/roof. I'm climbing across the hull - there are clusters of ribbons with streamers decorating the top, in a row, sort of, and I'm collecting some of them. There are big bows, firmly attached, I'm leaving those, they're meant to stay, but I'm picking up smaller ones, that are just stuck down with Scotch tape.