I am marrying a man. We are sweet on each other. His mom finds out and is very jealous and pushes me away. She doesn't want me near her boy. I watch, as the story unfolds that for years she's been abusing him in horrible, torturing ways, handcuffing him to the wrong place on a trailer and then driving, him being drug on the dirt road, the wheels just barely missing running over him. He cries and begs for her to stop, but she just laughs crazy like Sybil's mom. Finally, the pain of being drug is so bad he tries to get himself situated so that when the handcuffs release, he's in the path of the wheels and he'd be run over, killed, and put out of his misery. I feel painful empathy for him. Now she's in a house telling him to get ready for bed, she's got his medicine ready for him. She goes into the bathroom and pees and has a bowel movement into the water and then she's going to put it in his medicine. I am repulsed by what I see. She sees me watching and screams at me to get out. "Get out." Now there's a dad too, a retired military man who works at a boy's school. (He describes how careful you have to be and not be in the bathroom with a boy alone.) He's usually gone, but occasionally comes home and has violent sex with her and with a woman friend of mine. The dad and mom love/hate each other very much. He has some white cream in a tube he puts in her vagina or on his penis. He wants her to eat some. She refuses. I take a small bit into my mouth, like being nice and helping him to feel better and not rejected. My woman friend also takes a taste on her tongue. Then he says, quite chattily, that he's had syphilis for 20 years. He starts to describe the symptoms. I am sick and ask permission, "If you don't mind, I'd like to rinse out my mouth." I try to rinse and spit to get it all out. It's a bit foamy now like shaving cream. I hope I got it all out before I swallowed any so I don't get diseased. Now some fat secretary woman is describing how he'd lock her in the bathroom, her in her black slip, and take a whip. (He'd be in full military uniform. I'm amazed because I thought he was just a psycho security guard or something, but it's a real military uniform.) "He cracks a mean whip," says the woman, "and it really hurts." I feel the pain on my butt in sympathy of her real pain. I flinch. This is a sick and crazy man. Then he insists I make love to him and twists my nipples to stimulate me. I feel sexual excitement and do it.