I am driving a car and am following a truck. I see that it is a flatbed truck and a couple of horses are on it. And as I watch, the horses have loosened themselves from their stalls and are slowly drifting or sliding over to the back edge. They are going to fall off and hit the road and I'll be killed and so will they. I slam on my brakes to get some distance between the upcoming accident and me. As a result, an eight-car collision occurs. Now we are stopped, and on the side of the road. I am dazed. I look into the rear view mirror and see the cars all smooshed up, fender to fender. Everyone seems unhurt but angry. One of them marches up to my driver's side door, which is open, and starts to lecture me on being more careful. I am furious and tell him off, explaining that I probably saved our lives by doing it this way. Now another man comes up and asks me if I'm all right. He's very friendly and seems gentle and on my side. I suddenly get suspicious as he gets into the passenger side, that he is a doctor. He agrees. He is a doctor. That pisses me off because I hate it when some one is kind and caring because it's their profession or it is in general for everybody. I want that to be for me. He is suggesting we drive to the hospital. I ask if they (the police) are done with us, and then I am driving away, assuming that they are. I am flirting gently with the doctor. We drive to his house. He is married and has kids and yet it is clear he likes me very much. He says, "Can you manage to go over there?" "Where?" I ask. "To the barn." I go there, wondering what this is all about, and trusting it. He has a one-horse sleigh and we're going to take a ride. It is sweet and romantic. He helps me in and wraps a warm black fur blanket around me tightly, like you'd tuck in a blanket around a baby. I smile and then get worried he's pinning me down, my arms, and I'll be taken advantage of. But I calm down and trust him. He shows me there really is a horse in the barn, meaning we'll really go for a ride. I ask how we can do that with no snow on the ground, and he says it has special wheels on the skids. Now his teen boys come in and are very curious about who I am and why I'm here. They seem to understand that their father loves me and it's OK with them because they want their father to be happy. It is gentle and soft.