I am watching a young man who was a star athlete in high school. He's graduated now and doesn't know what to do. He's a nobody now. So he returns to high school to hang out and becomes a delinquent. He plays mean tricks on people and is insolent. A woman teacher (dark hair) is walking down the sidewalk. It's lunch break. The boy says to his cohort, "Hey, I'll pay you 75 cents to moon her with me." The other boy says, "Nah." The boy takes a pair of scissors and snips off a bit of his hair. He says, "OK, then a buck." "Nah," says the other boy as he snips off another bit of hair. The other boy says, "For 1.50, I'll do it." The boy is upset it is so much. He must be losing his control, but he agrees. So as the teacher walks past them, they pull down their pants. Her first initial automatic response is to gasp and get angry and righteous, but she realizes this is exactly what they want and so she just says, "Huh," like she's bored and walks on. She's quite please she figured out how to let the air out of their balloons! She is very upset and thinking hard, because she's on probation. She has stood up to a student (male) and people are upset with her. It isn't fair. As she walks, she sees an orange and white cat who she wants to pet. She stoops down to pet it and it loves being petted, laying down on it's side and purring as the teacher strokes its soft and sometimes matted fur. Suddenly she looks at her watch. It's 1 o'clock; she's late. She turns back and walks toward the school. She notices the houses on the left. One is a single room, empty, pretty, but too small. It has a step, but on the side is a ramp. "Good," thinks the teacher. The houses are older and nice. She now either recalls or receives a phone call from the mother of the male student who she stood up to. The mother is nasty and mean. She is saying that the teacher just isn't understanding enough. She misunderstood the student's intentions. Did he speak to you in a mean way? She sneers like that is going to prove the teacher wrong. The teacher tells her it's the mother's fault and this annoys the mother very much. She makes a sarcastic remark, thinking she has proven her point that she is right and the teacher is wrong and hangs up. She leaves her room as her husband is entering it. The husband says, "How are you?" She grumps, "Yep," well satisfied with herself. The husband shrugs and ignores her. Now the teacher is nearly to the school and decides to go in the side door and hopefully avoid the main office. She hopes that there was a fire drill so her lateness will not be noticed. She sees that along the wall of the high school are displays of different breakfast cereals: Wheaties, Cheerios, Men's____ (like study group) and on the left side of the sidewalk is a stack of cereals called "Misjudgments. 50 ways to count."