I am being encouraged to go to a river and cross the bridge so I can get a good look at the river. I come to the river's edge and look down. It is full of brown water and strong currents. I don't want to cross the bridge and look at the river. I see cars driving in the river and wonder how they can breathe in there, because the car looks like it is under the water. I look more closely and see the water is only up to their necks. Close enough, I think. I decide to go away from the river. I am going against traffic. It is hard and slow. I round a corner and see a glimpse of the ocean where the river runs into it. The waves are huge and white and foamy as they crash against the rocks. I want to go down on the beach. A man also wants to go there and we sort of go together. Now we are on the beach. We pass a room where it's a sort of a glassed-in museum and a 95-year-old grandma is inside telling the visitors whatever they want to know about the things in there. I am curious and sign up for my turn to go in. Now I have my girls and a young college age girl as part of my party to go in and see the woman. The man and I are friends now. As we wait, the woman, now an older spiritual guru type woman, comes in flustered and says somewhat shortly at her male partner/business manager/lover, "You're not sending in the right kind. I want only the ones that are willing to work." I feel a bit concerned. I sort of want to work and yet I am not completely trusting that she isn't just some fake guru and will lead me astray, and I'll be sincerely working only down the wrong path. Now she's ready for us and he calls us to come quickly for our time with her. I call out to the girls who are scattered by now. The man and I go sit down on the floor right in front of the couch barrier in front of her. I accidentally knock off a few unset gems (jewels) that were scattered across the top of the couch-like barrier as I try to get down on the floor. Now the man and I cuddle, my back into his front as I lean back into his comforting presence. She won't work with us until we are relaxed, deeply asleep and open. I am almost there, I am warmly asleep and yet I am fighting it. I don't know how to get to that feeling place I have to get to for her to do her work. The harder I try, the more awake I become. Now the session is over and we stumble back out to the beach, sleepy and yet we need to drive back home. The man and I will share driving one car and the girls will share driving another. We'll take turns when the other gets sleepy. The college student girl is concerned. She needs more information, but the woman is gone now. I say, "Well, we have her business card. Here's her phone number, but I think it will probably not work because she probably lives way out in the coast range and will be inaccessible to us." I try to encourage the girl to let go of needing the answer and come home to rest.