I am on an island and the enemy (Japan) is looking it over to see if anyone is there. I am concerned and tell Ernie and the boys to stay in the shadows and avoid the light. That way, they'll not know we're here and maybe the war won't start. We get in the light anyway, and now we're informed the war will start at noon on Monday. I am trying to get to a safe place. Others are as well. An Asian woman is rushing up the mountainside. Now I'm in a group of people. In fact, I'm at the head of a marching group and I realize I'm in the army. A nasty DI sergeant is harassing me. "Keep up! Do it right!" I'm falling a bit behind. I want to be in the lead, but I don't want all this army stuff. "Turn right," he screams. We pause. A presidential flag ceremony is going on. "Should we go over and honor that?" "No," he yells. "It's a decoy. We're needed at the front." Now an announcer man with a microphone is going to the edge of the front. He's saying he'll probably be the first one shot in the war. Musicians are racing toward the front for the beginning of the war ceremony. Now there are crowds. The disabled group can't be found. I see the one on the other side getting organized. "Oh, oh. Where's Ellie and Charla?" I go looking. The DI finds me and says horrible things. I'm pissed and pull back my fist. I'm about to hit him in the face. He's grinning, "Yeah. Make my day. Hit me, you putz. Were you just going to hit me? That's assault of an officer...etc." I back down because he can make serious trouble for me. I see Mirabelle. She returned early from New Zealand because of the war. We hug. She cries. She's afraid; so am I. I'm frantic to find Ellie and Charla. Then I find them, laying down and waiting. I go to them. I see my black, furry pouch. Thank God. It had been stolen and here it was. I grab up my things and then realize the good credit cards and the driver's license, the money and car keys are gone. We're on the brink of war and I have NO ID, no identity. I scramble around and find Bonnie at a counter. I'm asking how I get my ID copied. I can't be without my ID at this crucial moment. She tells me some things to do.