I am in a room, perhaps "my" room. It is my birthday. Two people sit on the couch. A Reynold-like man is seated on the floor across from me. I am in an easy chair. A woman is at my right. Derek/man is seated in the easy chair with me at my left. I can't really see him. I just sense his closeness. I am shy and afraid to look at him because I love him and he doesn't love me. Reynold puts on one of my hats with silk red flowers on it. He's laughing and looking silly. I smile, the hat starts to break up and a string of those red flowers goes from the hat toward me. It seems symbolic. There is an amazing abundance of those flowers. I am surprised. I only remembered two of them. Derek/man says to me -- I see him how seated a short ways from me on my left -- he says, "Just now, when I said this, what did you feel?" I look at him and smile gently and answer truthfully from the heart what I felt. Then I distract myself and pick up a small computer toy game. I idly start to fiddle with it, actually thinking of playing it while I sit here at my birthday party. Then Derek starts softly singing a sweet love song in an Elvis Presley type voice. It is something about I love you, but you don't know it. I feel such love for you, etc. I sigh and am touched and keep my face shyly averted from him because it is too heartbreaking to hear him say those words, knowing they aren't for me. A mentally retarded woman is standing to my right and she is saying something and I turn toward her slightly and listen, not wanting her to interrupt and letting her interrupt. She says she's leaving. I say goodbye. I notice a thick layer of dust on the computer games on the table to my right. He slowly moves around until he is more facing me and so close. I look up and he is in a kissing position. His eyes are filled with love and his voice soft and sexy. He kisses me tenderly and lovingly. I melt into it shyly. I am so happy. He does mean those words for me. Then he whispers, "But look at the dates! The 9th, the 22nd and now the 26th!!" (cousin Lenny's birthday, his birthday and our day of falling in love together). He says, "I've known you for a while, but I just fell in love with you two minutes ago." I reach over and kiss him again, being careful to make it a short kiss so he won't think I'm trying to be demanding or sexual. He asks me how I feel right this minute. I say, huskily, "Good. A minute ago, I felt bad and sad. And in a few minutes I will again. But right this moment, I feel good." I am flooded with a rising tide of loving feelings. I am suffused with love and sweetness and tenderness.