I am on a committee. A radical malcontent is on the committee and some conservative women. I am helping facilitate, trying to hear and working with and honor both sides. I am getting annoyed at the radical. He's kind of into his anger and not really ready to work through stuff. I am in love with this man. I go visit his place. I'm talking to him about the committee. I am laying on his bed, on top of the blue and white coverlet. Some young woman is there, maybe his daughter. It is innocent and loving. He and I are interested in relationship but are shy and concerned. We are flirting and courting and getting serious. Now it's time for another meeting. the big meeting. I go there; the man is coming a bit later. I get some info out of a drawer, some pictures of athletes as possible evidence. I get to the room; I'm a bit late. They say, "Oh, here, in here." I go in and the table is round and most everyone is already seated. I go around to the other side of the table and find a place to slide in. I'm wearing a dress and sit on the floor. I know that's A MISTAKE. It'll be uncomfortable soon. My man friend comes in and is nervous. He doesn't like committees and meetings, but he's willing to help out. I am seated between a suave, good-looking, vain man and his mother. They are gossiping about women and who he's dated. He sees a name (c:\sherial) on a car and takes it down. He'll call her,;maybe he already had a night with her, he can't remember. Now it's time for my man friend to start the meeting. He's going to sing and dance. He's wearing a woman's tap dance outfit and silly lipstick and wig. He taps and sings beautifully. He's built like Archie. I am smiling at him and winking encouragement. I think he's terrific. The good-looking man gets jealous and tries to grab me and kiss me. I slap him across the face just as my guy is tap dancing around to our side of the table. I know the suave man did that to get my guy jealous so he'd lose his step and ruin the presentation. My guy grabs me and dances with me like its part of the routine. He says, "What's going on?" I say, "Nothing, nothing. Don't worry about it. He just made a pass." He gets jealous and I insist he dance on. He finishes the dance. The suave guy says to me, "What do you see in him?" I say, "He's so talented and interesting and hey, he's got great boobies" (meaning the fake ones he's wearing). "Besides," I say, "you are boring. All you talked about for a half hour was gossip. He's got depth."