I am being pursued by two men who wish to marry me. I am taking my time, choosing which one is the right one for me. One man is dark-haired and nice, but not exciting and gorgeous. I am attracted, but not all that interested. I am thinking of rejecting him. I see a house near the ocean where the side yard literally is the ocean. The children of the family are swimming in it and playing on the rocks in the water. It seems so convenient and wonderful. I feel a bit envious. A young 12- or 13-year-old girl is in the water and someone asks her if they can look at her nose, because she'd had plastic surgery done on it. She is annoyed at their curiosity. Now I see the man I had rejected in the front seat of a car. The passenger side is open and I go to speak to him, to be comforting, as he is hurting from the rejections. A young girl, maybe the same one, comes up and wants to hug him and I hold her off, thinking it would be too teasing, as he can't have what he wants. Now his mother drives up and gets out, walking over to us. I say to him, hanging on to him so he won't run, "Here's your mother." I want him to face her. He feels very rejected and hurt by his mother. She is pretty, with bleached blonde hair and young-looking, but she is older, with wrinkles when you look closer. She's very egotistical and self-centered. She has a dress in her hand, one I used to wear, and is offering to sell it to me. I lay it out across him and me to look at it. He is sort of half laying, half sitting on the seat, diagonal, so his feet are toward the open door. I am seated on the edge of the front seat, facing the back seat, sort of. She points out the beaded strands and the young girl is looking closely at the weave so she can make one like it. I decide to defend the man and I grab her, the mother, and the dress and I am marching her back to her car. I start beating her up with the beaded dress, now big wooden beads, and it hurts her. It's like I'm flogging her. I am angry and selfrighteous. She abandoned the man as a boy and she has no business or right hurting him now. I drag her to her pickup truck and make her drive away. Now the scene shifts and I am married to the man. I had seen the errors of my ways and am being caring and committed to him. We run an inn or a restaurant and I have an apron on, I have dark hair and I am saying, "I need to take my husband his dessert now." I am very loving to him and so happy I had seen my mistake and changed. I had almost made a bad decision when I first chose not to marry him.