I am in a hospital bed. I am asleep and Dwight comes to my bedside. He is very drunk. I pretend to stay asleep as he tries to talk to me. His drinking buddies try to get him to leave me alone. Finally, he goes to another area. Now I'm playing a violin. I'm playing Christmas carols, "Away in the Manger," and "Oh, Holy Night." At first, it is a bit difficult because of my fingers, then as I continue and practice, I get better and better, not even trying to find the right note, just flinging my fingers and they hit the exact right spot and the most beautiful music comes out. It's sweet violin music. Now a group of interns and the doctor come and surround me on the bed. They are poking and talking and I demand that they stop. I say, "Stop this. Tell me what is going on." They ignore me and I get more insistent and loud. Finally, I get the attention of the doctor, a haughty man, who condescends to listen to me for a moment. I explain how demeaning it is to be ignored. It is my body and I have a right to know what is going on. Now that I got their attention, I let them do the tests, which ends up like a kind of surgery. They make a mistake and I am permanently brain damaged. I am innocent and pliable. Someone decides to marry me because I have great wealth and they want it for themselves. An older man and his son are arguing who will be my groom. I am on the arm of the father. I wear a beautiful, white bridal dress. I vacantly smile and I'm serene. Even though I have some consciousness, maybe my dream self feels worried I'll be hurt and taken advantage of. We are in a vehicle, where I and the two men are in the backseat. The father is on my left and the son is across facing me. I look out the window and see buildings and then see the hospital I had been in and get upset and don't want to see it. I get agitated. Now we are at the place the wedding will take place in. It's a big room. The dancing starts as I sit alone for a moment on a bench. I see three women decide to dance together to start the dancing. They do back flips and strange moves like that. They wear long dresses that are pretty, vibrant and sexy. A man asks his wife to dance and she says, "Not now, here let ____ substitute." It is a boy. The man and the boy dance. I decide I have to go to the bathroom. I get up and wander away. The dream conscious one knows I'll escape this way by getting lost and they can't find me, but the bride doesn't know anything. I go around the back around a building like a grown-over path through an old orchard of trees. I find the shit house, which is filthy and full of shit. I am disgusted by the idea of my white pristine dress being besmirched by all this shit. I go further and see a gate. It's an old wooden one. I open it and go inside. It is a dog kennel. There are lots of large, black dogs, maybe Labradors are being bred there, or housed there. I stand looking. Some men are at the far end. One man -- ugly, large, and mean -- has a double gauge shotgun. He begins to threaten me by pointing it at me and then begins to fire. Bullets hit the wall behind me very close. I am in danger and yet I am still very serene. I wait patiently with just a bit of alarm. Some men try to tell him not to shoot me. He fires the gun at them too, narrowly missing them. Now a beautiful hunk, the hero, in a tan leather jacket, good-looking and capable, comes around the corner. The dream consciousness knows he's the one that will rescue me and I will end up marrying him. He stops the mean guy from shooting at me and the dream fades out, with the dream consciousness knowing it will be a happy ending.