I now live in M City and trying to make it there in a new environment. I see two women; one makes some special blocks for the other. The other woman's name is Bette Davis. The woman follows her, trying to give her the blocks, saying, "I adore you." Bette Davis isn't accepting this. I wonder if this is lesbian and it doesn't feel like it. Now I am visiting Aunt Naomi who lives in a camper trailer behind my parents' house. Ellie comes in to talk to Aunt Naomi. I recognize she's here to do some dramatic storytelling and really doesn't want me around to spoil her fun. But I stay and listen in as Ellie whispers to her that she's a bit worried because she's been getting into weird practices again. I say, "Oh, you mean wanting to be Catholic." I am guessing, trying to appear as if I know what's up. I had noticed she's been wearing a big cross necklace. Now it is a metal Bible on a chain around her neck. I say, "Or maybe even wanting to be a nun." "No Mom," Ellie says, "I play at hanging myself." It's a ritual sort of fantasy thing. I am shocked and concerned. I say, "Honey, this is sick. Something is wrong with you that needs looking to." She listens, but goes on wanting to talk with Naomi. I pull Naomi aside and say, "Go ahead and listen to her; she needs support right now. I'll take care of doing something later." I then tell Naomi I've been living in M City, to be near the grandkids, but it's not working out. It occurs to me that I could move back to E City and I see my A. Street house and the white apartment as possible places where I could return. Then I say, "I could even move to Dover." Naomi thinks about this and says, "Probably not Dover, too much traffic." I am excited by the idea of moving and reconnecting with new people, new ideas, etc. I go outside to leave and find Aunt Rosalie, Darcy and Deirdre stopping by to visit Aunt Naomi. I ask them where they are headed. They won't tell me. It's like a secret. I am annoyed. They are here to wash their clothes and rest up and then they're on their way. I keep asking them where they're going and how come they won't tell me. Darcy sighs and says "Venita (or Venusian) near E City." It's an indirect hint, but it's the most she's going to say and she's annoyed I keep pressing her.