George and I are in his house. I am visiting. He wants to sketch me. I sit, half lie, on the couch in a restful pose. He sketches. He likes me very much. Now I am walking through the room drinking some milk out of a gallon glass jug. I am going to the refrigerator to put the milk back in. I feel a bit guilty about drinking right out of the jug. Now I walk back through the living room and watch his parents, or somebody's parents, arguing. The teen daughter is mad at them. The mother has her back to us and is telling the stepfather to leave. This makes the teen daughter happy. I walk past and am touring the house. I see a large room with lots of spacious windows. The river, brown and muddy is swirling in and rising. I am a bit concerned, but not too much. Perhaps it won't rise so high as to enter the rest of the house. I see an elephant swimming in the river, in the room, and two alligator/part human creatures wrestling each other. I walk on and see an adjourning room, George's brother's room. It too is semi-flooded. Now George is showing me his room. He opens the door and I see a narrow, long, empty closet. I try to see a bedroom. I pull back a cloth, perhaps tie-died, to peek behind it and only see the wall with old wallpaper on it. But now it opens up and is his bedroom. There are plants, a living tree, and huge sky windows in the ceiling. I look up and see huge piles of junk, mostly empty cardboard boxes, empty wine bottles and so on, hanging upside down. I say to George, "Hey, is that really up there above my head, or is this just a perspective, point of view thing" He says, "It's just the perspective." I am relieved. I now walk through back door, a lovely glass door, and see the outside. I see a pond, which is a continuation of the river, less muddy. There's a marker rope and then the pond widens out into a lake where recreation things are happening -- little paddle boats, swimmers, etc. I start to walk over there, but George comes out, perhaps in a wheelchair, and says to me,"Wait. Stay with me. I love you."