James has got some records and a toy piano for a woman who's coming to visit - an old friend or co-worker. He's very anxious that it should be a surprise, but she shows up (she's tall, good-looking and sophisticated) suddenly and the stuff is out in the open. I spring into action, grab the piano and duck down the hall to the "girls'" room, think about sticking it in the bathtub behind the curtain but put it in the closet. I run into Connie and (?) and try to get them to grab the other stuff but they don't in time, so I go get the records, hoping my dashing around isn't too obvious. She doesn't say anything about it, anyway. Later, I'm on my way to work downtown (I think I'm in a car right now) and I'm going to turn right toward downtown on a street in near Deep Ellum. There's a car in the right lane that I would be pulling in front of to make the turn, but I can see the potholes in that part of the block are very bad, so I stay in the middle lane to clear them before I pull over and turn. I hope the other driver doesn't think nasty things about me. I have to make a stop before I get to work - a police station where I'm dropping in on a detective who's working on a case (embezzlement or something like that) involving a woman who looks like me. He was trying to pin it on me at first, but he knows better now, although he wishes he could just get it solved even if it turns out that it was me. We have a pretty casual relationship, and I'm just checking in with him to see how he's coming along, if he needs me for anything. I see him at a desk in a sort of dark anteroom - there are a number of other inquiring, waiting-in-line types around, but I chat with him while he's doing paperwork. He says they've located her but she eluded them - something about being under something at the bottom of a boat. I wave bye-bye when we're done, he always tells me they may be calling me again, and I go on to work. I'm on a kind of tricycle (or a funny bicycle) - it's black, and I have some trouble getting up a good speed on it. I try standing up and pumping the pedals but it's hard to keep my feet on them. I wish I'd brought my regular bike. I don't want to get there after dark - it's late afternoon now, I'm going into the sunset.