Ellie is going away for a few days and I decide to go to N City for the day and then put myself in a foster care home for a few days until Ellie returns. I am curious what it would be like and it would be nice to be taken care of. Ellie warns me to take the back streets out of town because the main street is clogged with traffic because of a football game or something. I try to, but get all twisted around and find dead ends and odd corners and end up going out of town the wrong way, up over the mountains toward M City (I think I'm in M City). I try to find a place to turn around, but that will put me in the traffic jam. Then I realize the game is started because the traffic has freed up some. I stop by the foster home to check in. The helpers are very busy with the other patients. Two colorful cowboy hats (huge) with little short puppet like legs keep darting in and the helpers keep chasing them away playfully. They are dancers. Two of the helpers are choreographers of dance. I see a table with color pens and markers on it. I realize I'd forgotten to pick up Charla to take to N City with me. I decide to call her and then go back and get her. I try to get Ellie's number out of my electronic address book. I type in "B" and it keeps being mistyped with extra letters. I repeatedly try to do it and am unsuccessful. I finally realize I'm in the wrong search mode. I also realize this isn't the right place for me. They do too much help; they are used to patients with severe difficulties and I'm really quite self-sufficient. I am a bit embarrassed. As I am leaving, one woman has penciled in art work on her white smock or blouse. I comment on them. She has started to color them in. I comment on the brilliant purple and orange colors. I like them. If I stayed, I'd probably want to use those coloring pens and draw something. As the woman goes out ahead of me, she's saying she won't be here Monday night, and I know that I won't be coming back here. I'm going home after my N City visit. I feel good about this decision.