I am sitting on a rocking bench in a coffee house, cafe. Listening to a group of singers. The woman singer screws up and has to start the song over a number of times. it's OK. Nobody seems to mind. I sit there alone. A man, lean, skinny, a bit of a day growth of beard comes over and sits next to me. We'd met once before, he reminds me. We talk a bit and slowly he comes closer and I open to him and now I'm almost sitting in his lap, my arm around his neck and the feeling is tentative. I wonder if he's just making the moves, but I like him. We are rocking the bench. He says, "Look." I say, "At what?" He says, "Look," and looks over to the left side of the bench where a small disk drive from my computer is sitting. When we rock, it makes the disk drive lights come on and off (yellow and green). I chuckle. He then asks me if I want to go to Coffee Joe's or some other coffee bar. I am interested, but I say, "I don't like coffee, sorry." He says something like, "Well, I've been thinking of giving it up." We smile. He nibbles gently on my arm. We rock some more. Then he says, "Do you like your____?" I say "What? I couldn't get the word you said." He repeats the question at least three times because I'm not understanding the last word. He repeats it again. "Vidas," I say, "what's that?" He says, "Your tapes." I decide that means my writing. I shrug and think for a moment. I say, "Yeah, most of it, I do. Some of it is shitty, especially the earlier stuff. But I'm going to be rewriting it, making it better." I say to him gently, "And you? I'll bet you're the creative type." He closes his eyes and I see a look of pain and longing. I understand this. He is creative, but can't get to it, or doesn't do it, or doesn't believe in himself. I touch his face affectionately. Now we are interrupted by two young people, his friends. The scraggly teen boy makes sign language gestures. They are telling him it's time to go. The boy then says, "You always get the girls." The man smiles a bit sadly. It's true, he always gets the girls, but so what? He then kisses me and I return the kiss, but it is not all that pleasant. I am disappointed a bit, a kiss open-mouthed without much good response. Oh well. He's leaving now.