I am in the M City house. I am talking to Ellie and I suddenly remember that I have a pretty white cat with cocoa brown ears in a cage upstairs and I haven't remembered her for weeks. Perhaps she has died for lack of food and water. I feel horrible. I say to Ellie that usually my helpers fed her, but lately I haven't needed so much help and I just forgot about feeding the cat. I feel like a murderer. I go quickly upstairs and I'm suddenly surprised to remember that my parents had remodeled this upstairs bedroom area before they moved out and left the house to me. I go into the big bedroom and I'm surprised to see how changed it is and realize I've lived in the house for months and haven't even gone up here to look. Somehow, perhaps Ellie went up and got the cat or whatever, but now she is out of her cage and seems to be fine. Maybe her legs are a bit shaky from lack of exercise and the confinement of the cage. I am grateful she is alive. My other cats, a black fuzzy one and another white one, only with light brown paws and lower legs, are all playing together. I am happy they get along so well. Now, I look around the room. It's quite large, painted off-white and there's a fireplace on one wall. I try to remember what it looked like when I was a child and I lived there, thinking my bed used to be in that corner. I turn to the right and see the bed, a double bed, and two fireplaces and a gas stove-like thing in between. There are fires burning in them and I am again surprised and upset with myself. This has been untended for months. It could have burned the house down. I wonder how it kept going so well so long and decide they are gas fireplaces. I see a control box and try to read the instructions so I can turn off the fires. I wonder if I should let them continue to burn, because it must help heat up the house. I notice the ceiling, which is not finished. There are holes between the boards. This part of the remodel apparently never got finished. I see objects on the ceiling above the bed, and lay down to see what my parents wanted to see when they were lying down. An old musket rifle, another rifle, and a strange fox hunt horn like thing are on the ceiling. "That's weird," I think. Then my father comes into the room and asks if I want the air adjusted. I say, "Sure." He gets a stick (pole) and reaches up to a high shelf to manipulate something. I watch so I'll know how to do it. Then I see a mirror and see my mother reflected. She is painting a picture. I turn to see where she should have been from the reflected image, which would be the wall where the fireplaces are, only she's not there. I step closer to the mirror. This is really weird. She's in there, or maybe it's a window to another room, only now it's not my mother but some man painting. I turn back to look at the room and see several more people are there. I see my mother and suddenly with horror I realize it's not her, nor is that man my father. Aliens are there in human form. They start to surround me. I see a younger man coming closer. A woman is in front of me and they say, "Your face is changed too." I now have a hand mirror and see with horror it is not my face. The lips are pointed, like Patricia's. I'd rather have my own face back. I liked it better. I strike the approaching woman with the hand mirror across her face and this hurts her. She stumbles back. The man approaches and I hit him. I realize I can hurt them and in the confusion I run for the stairs. I managed to get to the living room, with the man right behind me. He nearly has me and I keep hitting him with the mirror, using the handle to poke him in the groin as well. I dash outside to the street, cross the street, still hitting at the man and screaming, "Help, help." Finally a bunch of cars and pickup trucks stop and people are getting out to help me. The man runs away. I realize I can't tell them the truth about what happened. They'll think I'm crazy and put me away. I also realize it's going to take some getting used to being this other person, with this other face. I wake up, hearing that cry for help, "Help, help," still echoing in my mind.