Making drinks for Ted's group at Oak Lawn Library while there's an adult librarians' meeting going on. I have no great aptitude for it but I do all right. After a great deal of setting up and getting organized, I get a round of drinks off and go elsewhere for a while. OL never looked like this - downtown, office-building front, big conference room, outdoor swimming pool, retail store (J'Ann Alvarado's running it today). I go outside - it's a pretty sleazy end of town, and as I turn left and walk a bit I see across the street a guy is holding another guy up off the ground and threatening him. I keep my eyes averted, studiously, but also keep a lookout as I walk. Shortly I decide this isn't what I want to do and turn back. There's another couple of black guys on the street now, and I aim to avoid them. I have to walk right into the street to do this, pretending I meant to do this. They keep maneuvering as though they're going to stand in my way but I get around them and back into the library. It's occurred to me that they might be wanting second drinks, and I've just walked off - after all, I am supposed to be the bartender. But I check in and nobody's called for anything - as a matter of fact the drink-stand has been mostly cleared off, the extra bottles are gone. There's a catering or custodial staff cleaning up their meal, and I hadn't meant for them to do mine as well, but as long as they're doing it, how nice! I mean to ask somebody a question, to ask if Ted's left or how I can find out if I'm done here, but the speaker's still going on at the adult librarians' meeting, and Barbara from the parking booth is in here sitting down - she's not feeling well again, looks awful. I chat for a bit, and actually my back has begun to hurt and is getting worse - lots worse. I complain of it and somebody sympathizes, asks what happened, I say I got it from sitting on my little squashy couch. One of the librarians I know, sitting on the back row, says Daniel here should give me a talk on how to take care of your back. I say I've heard it, thank you, plenty of it, I couldn't stand any more. I'm squatting right now to relieve it, and get up saying I'm gonna go do my back exercises. I'm due at my own branch after this (which is an overtime gig) and I've got to do something about this. Later, I'm retyping the draft of something I'm writing for work - I've made some revisions (with input from Ted) and I'm anxious to get it finished. I type for a while, and get up to do something. Linda takes over, and I realize she doesn't know about an insertion/revision I've made between where I left off and a separate section. I go back and check what she's done and I was right, she just went on typing even though I'd left off with a comma, she didn't even notice. I point out to her that I want this revision in here, she says o dear, I'm sorry. I take over again. Later I take a phone call when I get home - it's dusk. It's a phone company trying to sell me phone service. I tell her I'm satisfied with what I've got, only person here, there are no teenagers here, no, no, no, thank you.