I am now in a huge, enclosed place, like a mall, only the aliens are all over the place, killing and torturing people. One family of aliens in human form live in a house in this mall-like place. I and my husband, Michael Keaton, are their slaves. We watch their children for them. We are trying to think of ways to escape. I realize suddenly that maybe the reason they hurt us so easily without any care or concern is that they cannot feel pain and therefore do not know what they are doing to us, that they are causing us such suffering. We know that somehow we have to get them to feel the pain. I strike at the woman and Michael tries to hurt the man. Finally the woman feels some pain and starts to understand. She is upset now that they are hurting us and assures me I was a good caretaker for their children. Michael and I run. We see that there is sleet or hail falling outside and we know we must get these aliens out there to feel that, maybe slip and fall or feel it hitting them. We run through the mall halls and they all give chase. We duck into a series of rooms, and Michael comes out of one room with the alien woman saying in a dazed and stupidly happy way, "God, the sex was great." I realize he'd actually stopped in the middle of all this crisis and had sex with the alien. He says to her, "Now how about I rub your _____, a bony part of the back, which is how they have sex." I am not happy about all this, but it is more important to get these aliens outside, so I get Michael's attention and he comes out of his euphoria. We run more, get split up I signal to him, "I'm going down this hall," and he is blocked from me by aliens and he hand signals he understands and will meet me later. I run down a huge flight of stairs. I don't want to fall because then I'd feel the pain, not them. I get to the outside door only to see that there are gang thugs out there and the cops are not going to be helpful. I chance it and run through the alley, only to find myself in another enclosed mall space. I keep trying to get out to the open air.