I am traveling across the semi-desert badlands. I come upon a fighting circle of Indians. I am surrounded. It isn't my fight, but I am curious about the black feathers tied to the reins of a black horse. I recognize them and wonder if they belong to an Indian I know. I decide to steal the pony and leave the dangerous fighting area. An Indian, my friend, is mad at me for abandoning them there. I ride away and look out over the vista, miles and miles of,  and I look forward to a long hard ride to another mesa where a town is. It's exploring time, vacation. I ride hard and long. As I approach the town, I get a phone call from Archie. He is upset with me and wants to talk, but he won't come to the point. I get off the horse and walk with him into the Parks and Rec building where we've danced contact improv before. He is near tears, very intensely upset and emotional. I am calm and caring and also wanting him to say what he really thinks. I am also a bit smiling because I think he won't admit that he, as the director, is upset because we are branching out on our own. He says, "I've heard that some dancers are "_____" and uses a word, a special dance term, that means "moving the move" in contact improv language. I smile and say, "And what's so wrong?" He won't really say. I never help him out by saying, "Yes, we've decided to try some dancing on our own, but that doesn't mean we are betraying you." It feels like he feels betrayed and abandoned. He walks a circle around me and around me as he talks. The carpet is uneven and makes it hard for me to keep my balance. Some people come in and interrupt, so I say, "Let's go into the next room." We do; it has a gym floor. I am relieved and say so. I can keep on my feet more steadily that way. Now we're semi-reclining on a couch. I have my hand sympathetically on his arm. He talks around the issue, but I wait for him to say, "I feel hurt and betrayed and I love you and you went off without me and I'm the director and you shouldn't do that to me." He then says he's been thinking of cutting Emery and Bonnie off soon anyway. I know that's just a defensive move and try to gently argue with him that that's not fair.