I'm at an apartment house, I seem to be moving into a new apartment on the left side of the building upstairs, with Rouse, and a couple of people are helping me out. One of them, a young woman in pants, is going to sit with her for a while downstairs, and I tell her to be very careful, hold on to her tight outside. We go down and around the corner (someone else - another woman - is with us) to a place at the back of the building that's an entrance to [I guess] another apartment. It's a sort of low bubble-thing in a pool with little low bushes and plants around it. It's locked, and the girl with Rouse can't open it. I have keys that the [person whose apartment it is?] gave me, 2 keys on a ring, and I step over to open the "door", but fumble with them and drop them through the bush into the pool. Now somebody's going to have to fish for them... Back upstairs, I'm just getting started with what I'm doing when there's a commotion outside, someone's calling for Rouse, and I know she's got loose after all. Oh, hell - I told her to be careful. I go to the door and open it, and there's Mousie, she dashes right in. Wow. Well, okay, that's great. I step out and shut the door, leaning over the open railing to call downstairs that Rouse is in, and behind me I hear someone say, oh, good, that's a relief, etc. I turn and see a black couple - he's wearing a military uniform - and it seems they've been pressed into service to find Rouse. Shortly other people line up behind them until the stairs are crowded and I can't get down. Next: I'm in a theater in the balcony, just getting to my seat, it looks a lot like the Majestic used to. The Christmas Revels is about to start. There's a woman here, nice-looking, well-groomed, she's a kind of usher but more. A woman onstage sings a song, a really nice bouncy song - she has long blonde hair, wears a conservative ladylike knee-length dress - and after she sings some verses, and we're singing the chorus, she invites the audience to sing verses they know. (I didn't hear her do this, but various people start to sing, including a couple from our section of the balcony.) I think this is why the woman/usher is here, to be a kind of secondary ringmaster and encourage us to join in. A lady across from me offers a comment, she turns out to be English, and I wonder if there are a lot of English people here. I'm on the aisle, and I've set my purse down on the floor next to me. A couple of black women come down close to me - apparently they're looking for their seats, but rather than go any further they sit down on the aisle steps, close to my purse, which I'm not comfortable with. The usher-lady comes over to tell them they can't sit there, they have to go to their seats. [By the way, I'm very excited and thrilled to be here, fairly buzzing inside.]