I am going back to school to take a class. I can't seem to find the class I want to take. I wander around the buildings. Now I am in a class, a sort of business class. Another student, a woman, and I are a team. She is to place a box on the floor in the exact position as in the book. I notice that no matter where we place it, it's not quite right on the bottom side. I try adjusting my position to see if it makes a difference. Someone says I have excellent spatial perception. I am surprised because I don't, usually. I decide this is a boring class and wander around noticing other classes. I pass the animal biology classes and don't like them. I find myself in the film media classes, big classes lots of students, cute instructors. I am interested. I decide I'll get into one of those. Now I want to go home, but I can't find an exit door that works. Two men students follow me upstairs and try to open conversation. I ask them how to get out. They take me back downstairs, which is hard in my manual wheelchair. They are impressed with me and say they have a room I could rent in their boarding house. I say, "I've already got one, thanks." I finally get out and head home. A piano tuner is tuning the old square like piano I had found in the basement for me and it has been moved up to the living room. The landlady gives me and my male friend a lecture about being always late for meals and we will get cold meals if we keep this up. I look outside and see my small brother, maybe 5 years old, wandering away toward the big lake. I am concerned and run after him to retrieve him. I see him get into a rowboat with several other boys and head out for deep water. I tell my younger sister she must go back and tell my father and get help. She cries that she is afraid she will lose her way and not know the turns. I grab her by the shoulders and say with confidence, "You are a smart girl. You will know the right way." She goes. I run across the rice paddy-like area, then over the beach sand and then into the water. Just then I see the small plastic rowboat and yank my brother out of it after some confusion about which one was my brother. I give him what for, lecturing him at how surprised I was that he would not heed our dead mother's words about always being honest. Other people come to retrieve their little boys and I learn they had been going around begging for money and collecting some. I am handed some plastic spoons as his share of the take. I want to return it to the rightful owners, but have no way to do so so. I walk my brother back toward home, continuing to say I am so surprised at him. He cries and I hug him saying, "But now you learned a lesson and won't do it again.