I'm in my apartment [similar to this one] - there's a new guy moving in next door, he seems to be rather well off and sophisticated. Dapper-looking; I've been watching him through the window. I'm moving around, doing various chores, and I'm at the right front window, which has blinds on it, but they're partly open, so I can see part of the deck. As I take a look through, I see a man's face looking back at me. I'm shocked, terrified. When I find my voice, I shout, "Go away!" at him, and it comes out strangled. I shout it again, several times. In the back of my mind I'm observing that he doesn't look dangerous - he may have been just crashing out there and not planning to do anything harmful. [I'm not sure what time it is - it's either early morning or twilight, the light's like that.] But still I'm completely thrown, grasping for control, trying to shout loud but can't do it. I yell I'm gonna call 911, and even get the phone, holding it up where he can see. He looks concerned - like this is a disturbing wrinkle. He gets up and moves out of sight. I've punched the numbers, and I hear a voice, but I realize I'm hearing a recording. At the same time I'm moving over toward the door and I see it's unlocked, which is horrifying - how on earth did that happen? The door opens and he comes in. I'm still shouting as loud as I can, which sounds weak and tight and unsatisfying to my ears. I'm still hearing nothing on the phone. He moves toward me and I hit him with something I've picked up. I hit him again and again, he was surprised, and now he's got his arms out defending himself. I put the one thing down and hit him with the phone too. He sits on the floor and slumps over - I think he's unconscious. I go to the window on the side, hoping to call for the man next door. He's right there next to his car [which seems to be upstairs, right next to the window], he's maybe polishing something. He's dressed in a tan suit with a tie - just middleaged, intelligent face, wavy hair. He listens calmly with interest while I choke out my call for help, and he comes around. I'm still near complete hysteria. And still in the back of my mind I'm aware this guy may not have meant any harm - the only hostile thing he's done is come through the door uninvited. But I'm just not able to get back under control. The man comes, and somehow Jenny's there, too (and another woman friend, who's doing something to help but I'm not paying any attention) - maybe he called her, I don't know. I must have said something to her about being sorry I couldn't shout louder, choking up, I feel so helpless, but she says, "That was really pretty good... I bet you shouted half your moons out that time" (or words to that effect). She's referring to astrological moons, the implication being that I've stored/pent up a lot of emotional energy in my moons that needed to be discharged, and this has given me a chance to release some of it. I just barely understand her. I figure I'll ask her to talk about it more later when things are back to normal.