I'm going back to where I'm staying, along a freeway that's got businesses built up right next to it all the way down. There's no traffic. Nobody's around at all. I was driving, but now I'm walking along a sort of mall that follows the road, on the left side, and I'm stopping in a kind of delicatessen or bakery. The proprietor is a heavyset, swarthy man with a mustache, very friendly, we've been talking a bit and I'm eating a cookie. I'm in England, actually [or somewhere] and it's my last day. I'm on my way back to the house I'm staying in, having visited with some other people I know. Suddenly I feel terribly guilty when I realize I've spent hardly any time with them (the people I'm staying with), I've been off doing other things and we haven't even gotten to know each other. They must think I'm a terrible mooch. I start to leave. I've noticed a brown paper bag on the counter with a bit of grease stain on it - I thought a previous customer must have left it, and now that I'm leaving the man stops me to take it, he thinks it's mine. I tell him it isn't, etc., and he says take it anyway, your bonus, I'd only have to throw it out. I take it and set it on the counter to look in it, saying, maybe so, but it looks like there's a 6-pack of beer here, and I don't drink beer. But I pull the top things out and it's actually (what's left of) a 6-pack of Dr Pepper (little bottles). Then another couple cans of soft drink, and leftovers of something else, some food. Big deal. I don't know, I don't want it either. I'm arriving at a place next to where my group meeting will be - a very strange place, various levels of concrete, but a business, a number of people congregating, a young people's hangout. I park my car on the far side of a spot where you can maybe get 3 cars in, but there may not be room for Jenny's car, she's coming in right after me. I check my wheels and they're right on the edge. The other car is too far over, though. I consider moving mine so that the wheels are right over these brackets along the edge, but decide I can't do it by driving. Maybe I can push it another inch though, and even though the other car is a big heavy clunker, maybe we can all shove it against the wall and Jenny can get in... Upstairs, I meet up with some girls I know, some of whom are in our group, we're chatting. A couple of them are in their underwear. One asks me if she can use my dress for a while, and at first I say yes, and start unbuttoning it. It's a light-blue sort of flimsy cotton dress with a white collar and cuffs, and when I get it unbuttoned (I've moved away from the balcony rail to the back of the hallway, aiming for the ladies' room) I ask her, don't you have something I can put on while you have my dress? And how long will you be? I've got a group meeting in a few minutes. She acts as though I'm being selfish but doesn't give any direct answers, and I'm feeling very exposed. I don't want to stand around in my underwear - even though they are, I'm fatter than them and will be embarrassed. A group of guys we know come along and gather round, just verging on making fun. One of them is Bruce. [Kids are so cruel to each other - a thought I just had as I'm writing this.] I decide I'm not gonna give her my dress and start to button it back up.