I am in an airplane going home and am traveling with a disabled man. We somehow find or went to look at property that could be a nice place for him to live and an OK investment. Somehow the plane returns and we get off and agree and sign papers to buy this property, and now we are flying home. A man like Loren C. comes out of a room, sleepy like he just woke up and he is shivering. He greets a tall, sharp-faced man who looks like John, my therapist. He calls him "Omni" as in Omnipotent, the leader, a joke. Loren says he didn't realize the cabin they bought was so primitive and cold. He is unhappy with recent purchase. I am startled to realize I bought some property also. It is so isolated and out in the eastern Washington high desert. What was I thinking? "John" sits next to me and says, "Can you love me?" He is in love with me. I smile and say, "I like you." He has his shirt off and puts his arm around me. We kiss and then he says, "I see, you don't love me." The kiss was very uninteresting and neutral. He will wait, hoping. We arrive back. I am looking at a bunch of map- like papers he gave me. I decide I will visit him, since on the paper is a sort of puzzle where when you read the words he asks me to visit his home. But I can't figure out where it is, somewhere in Washington. Later, Loren won't talk to me as he's mad because he doesn't like the property. I am about to leave and he calls me over to smile and say it's not your fault I had different expectations. I thank him for telling me that. I feel relieved of my guilt. The scene shifts and I've built a beautiful home on the property, which has a river on it. My bedroom is partly submerged in the river, built with Plexiglas corner so I can see the river life underneath. I wake up, afraid for a moment because some huge-eyed thing is staring at me through the glass. After my fright, I appreciate the beauty of this view. John is in the other room and somehow I know we are a mere ten miles from a big city, even though I am out there in the boondocks.