I've just gotten married to this wonderful guy who lives in a (little?) suburban house (a sort of 50's-VA-ranch-style). He's got light brown hair, tallish, handsome, friendly, and very sweet. I've only just moved in and still feel very tentative, disoriented. The house has this one big room that he uses as a club on Saturday nights, all the young people come and dance. [We're talking about 20-35 really, age-wise.] We've been getting everything ready, actually he's been running around doing things and I've pitched in where I could. There's also a friend of his - a girl, old friend from school or the neighborhood - helping out, she's very nice, helped me feel welcome. Now people are arriving, quite a lot of them, and there's a lot to do, taking their coats, getting drinks, etc.At some point I've gone to the bathroom, and the door latch wouldn't catch, so I just have to hope nobody walks in. It's a long bathroom with some sort of partition in it, and a worktable. The girlfriend is sitting at it, and my husband apparently starts to come in, because she starts talking to him rather loudly, in such a way as to keep him outside the room, for my benefit. I'm not enjoying all this bustle a lot, and I go off into another part of the house to get away for a while. It's all very new, this place, this town, living with this man, being married - I haven't know him long, we just fell for each other like a ton of bricks and I wanted to be with him so much I'd do anything. Now I'm wondering if I can get used to it, if I fit in. Do I even want to be married? I go across the street and visit with some older neighbors, still feeling confused. After a bit, people start pouring out of the house - first a clump, then a clump, then a stream. They seem to be excited about something, all talking and hurrying. I can't see or hear what's going on so I go out front, and I hear bits of sentences, about fire, and my husband's name. Some of them see me and stop talking, but I also hear, "(he's) dead" [I don't know his name] a time or two. I'm dumbfounded. I look at the house, expecting to see flames burst out of the windows, but all there is, is a big plume of white smoke coming from one area of the house. Thoughts go through my head about how ironic it is to be only just married and now not be again, will everything just go back to normal? But I have to know what's happened - I rush into the house, stumbling through rooms, past overturned furniture, till I come to where he is, and he's alive - there are firemen around, they've got the fire out and a lot of things are wet, including my husband. He looks exhausted, and he's very cold, he's done something heroic that saved the day but now he's all wet and suffering somewhat from shock. The girlfriend has a trench coat over his shoulders that she's trying to keep around him, but it's wet too. When I see him I scream and rush to him - suddenly my doubts are all gone, I know I want to be with him whatever it takes, I love him so much. I pull the coat off of him [and either he's naked, or I get his other clothes off him] and hold him tight, wrapping myself around him tight to give him my body heat. He says something about the fire, how apparently it burned up this little wooden thing he'd bought for me, how ironic that was - we'd been talking about it earlier, we'd seen it in a shop or at a craft fair and I'd loved it - a little box of 2 exotic woods, how unusual it was, and it cost $275. That's very expensive, and of course we said we couldn't afford it, but he'd gotten it for me anyway on the sly. I look around to see what happened to it, but I don't spot it, even though I see some other little nice wood things.