Richard R is inviting me to a snazzy party and is giving me directions to get there. It's not far away, but the directions seem complicated: four right turns in a row. I say, "But that depends on where the right turns start. I notice M. Street is right outside my door. I am wearing a blouse and no bra and the nipple of one breast peeks out. I try to cover it up. Now he decides to show me how to get there and we go out. I would go straight on M. Street but he points out ugly construction. That is terrible to go through construction, so he says, "We'll take this turn and take the shortcut." We are on a gravel road and I realize we'd made a turn and I didn't note the name of the corner or a landmark. How will I find my way again? But we are there now, and lots of round tables are set up with place settings and name tags and little gifts for each person. He says, "Remember, your place is _______," something that starts with a C. I wander around the crowded area looking for my spot. I finally find it way in the back, where it's the hardest to get to. I smile at the irony. Of course it would be so. But I have several books there waiting for me, special gifts. A woman is jealous. Now I am home and a young woman named Theresa and Richard R (now a woman) have a heavy discussion. Richard is the woman's daughter that gave the party. The mother is gravely ill. Theresa was adopted when she was in the 7th grade and the mother and she really talk and understand each other well. It is a good loving relationship and Richard is jealous, as he is the real blood daughter, but it isn't as deep or loving for him. Now a man named Larry (like Raul) comes in all intense and jovial and charming. I like him and want him to stay. He sees Theresa (now called Amy) and the mother at my house and sighs. He'd rather avoid them because it is such an emotional drain on him as he takes the clown caring role to cheer them up. He goes in to do that, as their brother is ill with AIDS and they are worried about him. I say to Larry as he comes out, "Where are you going?" He says, "Off to a summer vacation spot to have fun." I tell him I feel sadness for him as I wonder whose shoulder he cries on. Who takes care of him? He keeps me at a emotional distance and rushes away quickly.