I am in a world where everyone else are aliens in human bodies like in the Body Snatchers. I can trust no one. Everyone else is emotionless and ready to get me. I run, driving my car. This goes on for a long time. Now I am staying at some man's house. I am sad and stoic, alone and getting on with it. My old lover comes by. I am in the back seat of a car. I think my mother is there too. The man is in the passenger side of the front seat. He is tall and lanky like Nate and like "Albert" of the movie, "Legends of the Fall" which I saw last night. He is sad and loving. He wants me back. I find it hard to resist, but I must. This is sweet and exquisite torture, to want to melt into his arms and yet feel compelled not to. He is looking around the car and trying to make small talk to keep me there, counting the number of paper cups there and so on. I smile saying, "There used to be more, before I cleaned up the car." He says, "Let me help you on with your coat." He does, and I let him. It is a poignant and slow motion move where he puts my arms into the coat like you would a child, and as I sit there with my arms out, letting him, my body and arms are in a gesture of opening up to embrace him. I feel great sadness and a desire to throw my arms around him, but I stoically hold still and let this moment pass. I get out of the car and walk back to the house. My "mother," a dark-haired woman is there standing on the sidewalk, being somehow derisive and putting me down. I walk past her. As I step up on the first step of the porch, I realize there is mud on my shoes, which are soled moccasins. I try to rub them on the indoor/outdoor carpet mat. My roommate, sort of a Bill R guy, comes out. I show him I am being a "good girl" and cleaning my feet off before coming in. He loves me too and smiles. The same feeling of sadness and stoic denial that love is impossible for me is there. As I scrape the mud off, I also accidentally scrape off the soles. He bends down gently to see the damage. He holds my foot and I see it is a small baby's foot in a silly sock, like the black one I have with red lip prints or kiss prints on it. He says he will get me some new shoes. I feel grateful, touched by his love for me. I fight to remain stoic and walk into the house.