I interview for a job as a secretary for this college professor who has a terrible reputation as a womanizer who "feeds" on the young college girls. I am a sophisticated, together woman in white high heels and a business suit. I am also beautiful and tailored. I step through a room that might have been an old gym room in PE filled with a jumble of boxes and crates. I get to his office, which is also crowded with furniture and so on. My desk area is in the far back of the room, to the left as I walk in the door and all his stuff is to the right of the door. But the door opens to the side of the room, so as I sit at my desk and see him at his, facing me at the other end of the room, the door is on my right. He says to me in a jeering tone that he has his ways and if I can't handle being around it, then I need to leave. I smile and say calmly, "No problem." He hires me, now very curious about my calm and content demeanor. I do not disapprove of him or put him down, even though I don't believe what he is doing is right, but it is his life and I make no thought or attempt to try and change him. He feels that and is intrigued. I come to work the next day and clean my desk area. It is spotless, organized and ready for work in strong contrast to his area of cluttered furniture and so on. I sit, ready to work. He now wants to reform his ways and is falling in love with me and must earn my respect. I see two ugly rugs on his floor. He says, "I want new rugs. Go buy me some." I laugh and say, "Sure. What colors do you like?" He says patterns or designs. I write this down with a marker pen on an old rug piece tacked to the wall. He loves this because it is so unconventional. He says, "Maybe dandelions." I say, "Cute and fuzzy, or botanical?" He loves the way I banter matter-of- factly with him, not arguing or persuading him to anything I might prefer. I then go walking out to find the store. I come to the "main street" of the university area. A slick brick pattern is in the raised center of the road. I start to haul myself over the four-foot high raised area, throwing one leg over and scrambling, then I think, "This isn't going to work," and walk an extra block out of my way to the stairs over it. I go into the store. It is a huge area with many cubicles or desks where beautiful merchandise sits. People go sit at the desk/cubicle and admire different pieces as they decide to buy or not, lots of people. I see some exquisite glass vases and realize this is an auction or estate sale of very expensive material. I go to the back of the room to ask a clerk where are the carpets. He points off to a central area where I see bits of color. I then am distracted by other fine things to see. I decide I'll go see the carpets later. I brush against a cello case and it nearly falls. I catch it and put it back. Then I see what looks like tall, thin, fine, dark wood cabinets. I go to look, touching one that tumbles against the others, almost causing a chain reaction. The once thin case opens, as is a bass fiddle case. I get it all put back and am attracted to a revolving set of walls which have pillows hanging on them. I look and then move on to a table where there are books and cameras and so on. I pick up a fat book with a thick cellophane plastic cover. I see it is a working script book for a classic movie called "My Dear ____" (maybe wife). I am intrigued because I had chosen this movie to dissect to learn how to do a movie. The added attraction to the book is that there are special insider notes about how the "real" directors do it. I look at the price. $15.00 seems a lot. Then I see I got mixed up and that is the price of a book called Wizard of Oz. I then see the right price is $11.95. I decide it's worth it and take the book. Then I see a camera, a Lieka small portable. I turn it over and try to see the back. It says Polaroid. It was $132.00 dollars when new, but I can buy it for $12.00. I choose it too. Then I find an intriguing pottery piece. It is like a small compact vase to put food in like a snack tray. The beauty of it is that it unfolds so that the main vase part holds bread sticks and dip. The other petals fold out to create a trail of platters, each a different colored pottery to hold the veggies. It is adorable. I take it too. Later I take all this back to the office and show the man, who is now like Derek. He looks at the pottery piece and says, "Well, you'll have trouble with Charla. She'll want to play with it all the time." I say, "Oh well, I'll keep it anyway. I'll put it away when she comes to visit." He chuckles at me for getting so many things I like when sent on the mission of getting him a carpet. (which I also did get).