I have (or some woman has) created a theatre or movie set. She puts on shows there, but this upsets a man and a woman in the next room/area. It's their stuff to do that and this upstart has taken over their space. They come after her. Then it's like the same story, but it's Warren Beatty that lives in a huge castle/mansion. He's very rich. He has a jealous sister. He buys out her upper stories part of the mansion to create a theatre. He's up in the big room when a jealous boyfriend type man comes up. Warren wants to hide, but the room is empty. A trap door opens on the ceiling and a bed comes down from the hidden sky roof room. It lands on him, unfolding like an accordion. It hides him. The man tries to drag him out and beat him up. Then as though the dream repeats the story, the bed thing comes down again and hides him, only there is a beautiful spirit woman that lives up there and Warren is in love with her and wants to join her. He resists. Then his other sister and her daughter, his niece, come to the castle to see him, I think at his request. She (the niece) is now the dream ego. I/she walks into the corridor of the castle and see a huge door roll open, like in a dungeon. I peek in to its dark depths. I make fun of the image of Warren being courted by that beautiful woman spirit. I "see" her coming toward him, beckoning to him. He feels unable to resist her force. Spooky, I think, "Maybe Death is there!" I then see a huge, dark black-robed figure of death come toward me. I feel fear and start backing up. He comes gliding right after me and grabs me by the arms. He starts forcing me back toward the other wall. Maybe there's another door there. I struggle and now he's behind me dragging me down the hall. I resist, saying to him, "But I'm not ready yet. I'm too young." He laughs. He makes a joke. I poke his bony leg at the knee with a fork. Like right, that's going to help. He feels no pain. This is DEATH! He has a death grip on me and I am afraid. There is no way out; he has me.