I am at some resort hotel or something, a conference. I am tired and want to lay down for a nap in my room before going to town to sightsee with my brothers. I can't find my room. I walk down a row of desks like in school, to a wall where I thought there was a door. There is no door. I go down another hall and see doors and open one and go in, but find myself in an enclosed corridor that leads to the fun house kiddie attraction. I say, "What the heck," and go for the ride, thinking when I get there I'll find the exit and go to my room. The rug is like a conveyer belt and then there's a steep set of stairs that is more like a ladder. We go down. My brother Jake is there. He introduces me to a young girl (maybe 19 years old) named Casey. "Humm," I think, "maybe his new girlfriend." We arrive at the place, but it's a big auditorium where a comedy writing contest is going on and being judged. One of my scripts is in the contest. A woman is tired and wants to go to her room because the conference starts again early tomorrow. Dwight is around, but he looks like Rock Hudson and I say, "We can go to town and sightsee later." He says he doesn't really want to go; the conference is too important to waste time on that. I still want to go, later. I convince the woman to wait for the results of the contest, by saying most earnestly that if we leave, we'd only have to make Dwight bring us back really early in the morning and that wastes more time. Now the judge comes over with his sheaf of papers. A man who runs the place is crazy for me and is bothering me by insisting we get together. I keep kindly but firmly repulsing him. He is a driven guy who won't accept no. He tries to hug me and pull me away and talks to get my attention. "What is it you want?" he asks. I say, "I want to get the results (the range of points from the different judges) so I can figure out what I did wrong and get better with my writing." The judge says, "You did pretty well, really." I'm sort of a runner up. I try to write down the scores, losing the page and searching for it again. I can't find them and the man says, "Here's the code on this page. You look for this symbol and it tells you what page." I try again. As I am looking, he walks across the gym floor, bossing his employees around arrogantly. I smile at him, because even though he is obnoxious, there is something endearing about his single-minded love for me. He comes back and tries to convince me to go to his room. I laugh and say, "No, but I will give you a kiss, like a ceremony to knight you, because I can see that somewhere under all that brashness is a real human being. You have to learn to let him out so we can enjoy him." He's all over me, taking advantage and I laugh, pushing him away and say, "Oh, beknighted one, arise and be a knight."