Ginny and I are on a weekend trip to the coast. We are going in an elevator up to some animal exhibit where monkeys are. Two or three teenaged, or young adult men, are behind us. One young man loves me and is standing right up against me. Then he maneuvers around until he is seated on my lap and turns around to nibble sexily on my neck. It is all very enticing, but I try to ignore him and go on. He follows me. I enter the large room where the animals exhibit is. If you stand at one of three stations and the animal likes you, it will come over so you can pet it. I go and stand at one station (in the middle). There is a very cute penguin there. He likes me and cuddles and does cute tricks. I look up at the large staged area and see very large gorilla type of animals, some of which have male human-like heads. They look scary and intimidating. As I watch, I realize they are escaping and coming out towards us to cause us harm. I begin to move rapidly toward the exit. Ginny and I and the young man run downstairs and out the door. The man is insistent in his love for me. Ginny goes to a car and I follow her. She says, "I want to get away alone for a while. I'm going to take off and I'll see you later." I sort of realize she is giving me and the man time to be alone together. She goes and now the man and I have spent a day or two as lovers. But I am married and on Tuesday I leave to go home. He is desperate to keep me. He follows me and says, "I hate Tuesday. I hate Monday because it is next to Tuesday. Please don't leave me." I am very attracted to him, but insist I must go. He is much younger than I, and I have my family to return to and I can't really believe this is a good thing to do because of our age difference. He tries and tries to convince me his love is real and forever, not a youthful whim or a passing fancy or lust. I don't let myself trust that and resist. In despair he walks away from me back into the animal exhibit building. I realize he is in bad danger and I rush in to distract and I yell something which alerts him. I had put myself in danger to save him. I turn and run out, and he escapes and runs out. Again he renews his pleas. I still say no. I am walking down the road and see a pile on beautiful conch. I pick one up and want more and then see pottery plates and bowls and realize a Native American person is selling their wares here. The man follows me. He says to me, "OK, if tell you I am rich, will that convince you to stay?" I say, "No, it wouldn't." I walk away. The man says with intense emotion to the Native American man, "Oh, I so want a Porsche to stop and pick me up." He means that I am driving a Porsche and he wants me to come back and accept him. The Native American man looks at me and says to the man, "I can't see what you see in her, but if that's what you want, then fine." Now he goes up a high cliff at the ocean's edge. I climb up to follow him, fearing he will jump or something, but as I reach him and he hugs me, I am the one that falls. He rushes down to where I lay, encircled with barbed wire that is black. I have been injured. He calls the medics and the doctor says, "She'll be wrinkled and weaker or something but she'll be OK." The doctor suggests we call the police. While we wait for the police to arrive, I ask him what the doctor said. He says, "The doctor says you'll be wrinkled and this and that, but I don't care. I still love you and always will." Now it is Tuesday and he's crying and begging me that his life will be empty and sad if I leave him. I feel tremendous push-pull, but still can't quite believe or trust he is authentic and sure. This will all pass for him soon. I leave, but I go home and divorce my husband, realizing that I don't love him. Months pass and I must try and reach him. He had given me his phone and address and every conceivable number he could be reached at. (NOTE: At this point, I think I wake up and finish the dream awake.) I go to his rich parents' large home and ask for him. He isn't there, but has an apartment in the city. The father sees me and realizes I'm the woman who his son loves and wants and says things like, "Whatever will make my son be happy and alive again, I want him to have." I go to the apartment to find him. He is with a young woman his age. I am carrying a stuffed monkey with a heart in his hands. I leave it at the door and don't even knock, but the man somehow senses me and opens the door just as the elevator door across the hall is shutting. He yells at me, "No, come back, please." He runs down the stairs and is there when the elevator door opens. He begs me to return. The girl means nothing. He was trying to get on with his life without me, but it wasn't working. He would give anything to just pick me up and take me to the apartment and hold on to me forever, but he knows I must come because I want to. He says, "If only you could come knock on the door and say to me, 'My dearest one, I love you and want to marry you forever.'" He walks away from me, leaving me to decide. He returns to the apartment. I then go up, knock on the door and say that sentence. We hug and live happily ever after.