I come to a family reunion. I am in a hotel room and I get up. The two young girls are playing very noisily so I can't sleep. I am looking for my hair and tooth brush but I realize I haven't packed them. How annoying. Well, I'll borrow my mother's. I see a pile of books I did pack. There's a Georgette Heyer book and many others some from my youth. I want to curl up and read them all, but there is no time. I will never have time to just read them, all the ones I like. Oh well. Now I go into the bathroom where the two girls are playing, being noisy and using other people's stuff. I tell them to stop it and find something to brush my teeth with. Now I return to my room and see the maid is there making up my bed, putting new sheets on it. She's a slovenly dressed, plump lady who sort of lays down as he works. I notice she has waxed the floor and it is slippery and there are thick iodine red or that Benodine stuff they use at the hospital, red puddles on the floor. I slip and slide my way precariously out the door. Now I have to get down the very steep (like a ladder) stairs without slipping and falling. I hold on hard to the wood post on the banister and carefully walk down. Then I start going faster and start skipping steps, and finally at the end step on a couch and hop over some things and jump the last flight of stairs and land unhurt on the ground floor. I see someone, a woman, watching me and I see I left some slipper marks on a step or two and the back of the couch. I am kind of surprised I didn't hurt myself on that last jump. So now I get to the room where the reunion is happening. I see Patricia and her husband Morton, and music is playing and people are in Halloween costumes except me. I didn't choose to wear a costume. Now I am dancing with Patricia's husband and I don't know the steps because it is a country dance, but he wraps his legs strongly with mine and I follow his lead very well. At the end of the dance he is surprised when I say I've never danced this kind of dance before. He is impressed. I go to find the relatives I like. As I walk through the room, I see Grandma Mildred there and am surprised because she's been dead for years. She looks years younger and rejuvenated. She is still an older woman, but she has cleavage and somewhat pretty breasts, long pretty hair and is in a sexy white negligee gown thing. Millie comes over and says, "Hey, I only want to talk to the ones I find interesting or that I like," meaning her mom and me. My mother is nearby, watching. Grandma is chatting and Millie wants to talk real and important things. I wander off and a band is being set up to entertain us and I say to the organizing woman, "Let me do a few things while the band is setting up." She at first is reluctant because usually my stuff has been boring or repetitive. I tell her, "I won't do the old stuff, like Evangeline; I'll do a new comedy routine and a dance number I learned." She hesitates, but since I agreed to do it while the band is setting up, it's OK, so I go out into the center of the room. The benches (like church pews) are placed in a theatre in the round style, but some of the benches face away from me. I start talking a comedy routine and at first it's pretty deadly quiet in terms of laughs. As I continue and build, they start becoming more interested and laughing until I have their attention and they enjoy my routine, which is improv and just me talking. Now I am going to dance and I call for my partner. Now the point of view shifts and I am in the audience watching this beautiful flighty woman and her partner dance. I am sitting on the floor in the gentle arms of some man. Now the male dance partner comes over and comedically opens his cape to reveal boxer shorts over tights. He wiggles his hips and the shorts fall down around his ankles, only there's another pair there and he repeats this two more times. The man I'm with gets a bit worried as this is a family audience and the children are there. Then the male dancer grabs his crotch and makes an obscene gesture. I am uncomfortable, but hoping everyone sees it's for comedic effect. Now the woman dancer with wonderful, curly long hair begins to dance and she steps on the back of a bench and twirls and dances around the room.