Leighanne, a man, and another woman and I have ordered some food from Taco Time. We get our order but it is all wrong. Who ordered the Enchilada, or the chicken nuggets and the burritos came with everything and so on. I ask the others if they are willing to accept the order. I see a few things I would be willing to eat and from lack of interest, we all decide to keep, or rather a decision is never actually made. We just didn't do anything about it. I am looking for the chicken nuggets, but the pretty woman ate them. She is wearing a beige, lacy, sexy dress and I wonder if the overdress is mine, but it's just her shawl. She is like Jessica Lange in "Blue Sky," very sexy. She is wondering where the costume department is. She goes off looking and I try to pack up the food stuff and my shoes and this and that. Then, John (a fellow teacher) is a black man and he is doing funny impersonations. He's doing one where he must walk backwards in front of a person (also a black man) who is walking toward him and as he does this, he is talking like he is threatening this person, like he has the power. This is very funny and he says it only is funny when he walks backwards at the same time he is trying to sound threatening. Then the black man asks him to do another impersonation. He does a famous important man, maybe Martin Luther King. He is very good and he is also still walking backwards as they go into the Theatre Department building. Now I go into a classroom and John is there, only now he looks like Robert Young, in "The Second Woman," about a man who might be paranoid and dangerous, but the woman loves him. A black man comes in and John and he are having an argument that is at an impasse. John teaches class on Tuesdays and Thursdays at 1:00 to 2:30 and the "Makeup Man" wants that room at that time. Neither is willing to budge. I take the role of fascinator or mediator. I write on a blackboard the headings "Makeup Man" in a purple/pink chalk, and on the right side of the board, I write "Instructor." We are going to list all the objections until we can come to some compromise. I notice the Instructor space is larger and more convenient to get to and say, "Oh, oh. I am not being fair. I'm already biased." I go to another board and try to make it equal.