I'm performing - more or less - in a small concert hall/club, it's got regular rows of seats but it's attached to a larger place, entered from a space that's probably a restaurant, regular nightclub, or hotel. In the back of the room there's a small counter with a cash register, and an abbreviated stage in the front. Rolly is going to play piano for the singer, who's black and resembles Catherine [from Preston Royal] (or Oprah Winfrey). She's got on a slinky spangled black dress with long sleeves. I'm in the back of the room; I'm part of the performance [but I don't know what it is I'm doing. Vocal accompaniment? An instrument?] It's almost time for the show to start, and there's some hostility between me and her. It comes down to something she said about my mother, and she thinks I'm prejudiced and I think she's prejudiced. I tell her I won't [do my bit] until she apologizes, and she says she won't sing if I don't. We're still standing there glaring at each other across the room when the crew comes in, and they're in a very good mood, they're playing catch with overgrown vegetables. The stage manager tosses something to me, and I toss it to someone else after a brief pause - I'm confused about the switch in attitudes. Then he brings this gigantic green pepper, that I can't even catch - I have to roll it to somebody, over to the right, and I move toward the right aisle. Then comes a wad of something that I think was spaghetti wrapped in a foil bag, long and rectangular, but it's come loose, and when I catch it I can't lift it up again and toss it, I just fling it but it doesn't go very far. I tell the next guy - a stage hand or somebody - to hold on a second, and I pick it up and wad it back together tighter so I can really throw it. But we have to stop because the audience is coming in and taking their seats. The singer has been just standing there, still pissed off, but now she's walked off. Rolly's been sitting at the piano (in a tux) the whole time, wondering what we're gonna do, and I have the thought that he expects me to handle this. I'm more or less twiddling my thumbs, knowing something's got to be done, but I don't know what. We can't just keep standing here.