I spent the day looking around and exploring a huge mall or market place, which feels like the Internet. A man and I become acquainted and we informally wander around together. That night I go home to my father's house, where I live. The man and I are discussing about maybe getting together again tomorrow and seeing something that we both are interested in, but there's an interruption. I go into my bathroom and notice the bathtub faucet is leaking. I turn it closed and give it one last turn for good measure, to help conserve water, but this starts a drip and then a stream of water from the shower, which is perpendicular to the bath tub. It can't be fixed by adjusting the knobs and now a lot of small jets of water are spraying out over the bathroom. I leave to go find my father in the living room to tell him to fix it or get a plumber. I walk at a fast trot for what seems like miles and finally reach the living room. I am amazed how big the house is. It's not very convenient. I remind myself to get everyone in the family's phone extension numbers. Next time I'll call. I find my father seated in a small coal bucket-like thing with two kids. He's reading them a story and I call to him, but he can't seem to hear me. I try several times and finally he looks up. I tell him about the problem, and we start walking back quickly to my bathroom. It is a long journey. I realize I'd left that poor man up in the air about tomorrow and wonder if he'll come back. I feel bad. We arrive to find the man in the bathroom and he's fixed the problem. He put in a few washers and some small plastic cups to shield the faucet in case it does it again. I thank him and he says, "It's nothing," but does manage to mention it cost him 20 dollars for the plastic things, but he needed some himself, so it's OK. I want to pay him back and I am unclear if this is my father's expense, as it's his house, or if it's mine, because I am an adult and I live here. I want to pay for it myself. I try to introduce the man to my mother but can't remember his name and apologize, making a small joke about no brain cells left after a long day at the mall. I remember his name is Martin.