It is Victorian times. I am one of four sisters who are having trouble getting a marriage partner. I find myself walking up a mountain road to a resort that is for people to meet future mates. The driveways are unfinished and only partially paved. There is rough dirt and gravel. I wonder why I chose such a low class (middle class) place to go to. I feel a bit embarrassed and ashamed I have to do this. I see the name of the hotel on the porch. Something Bachelor Beau____. I look again trying to commit the name to memory. The word "sin" is there followed by a goose and a gander, wooden carved thing. I chuckle at the reference to the sexes. I enter the main living room. I see several older gray-haired gentlemen and my heart sinks. A blind man, more my age, says to me cynically, "Are you here to get a rich husband?" I say, "No I am not." A door opens and several other men come in, one couple obviously gay. They are dressed in modern clothes. I am in a full length satin Victorian dress. I think to myself, "I would like this to be Victorian and I don't want the gay couple there." I am taken upstairs by a plumb maid. I don't want to be here. Now one of my sisters is here. We are both trying to get a husband, only we kept this secret from each other and both choose to be at this hotel. She is annoyed to find me there. We are to go down to dinner. We barely speak. At the dinner table is a sinister, black-haired typical villain of romance novels. He wants me. I despise him. He sits next to Lydia at the opposite end of the table. I now leave the dinner and go out for a stroll. He follows me and presses his suit. I am repelled and faint. He picks me up and carries me back to the hotel. My hero, William Shattner, is coming up the drive and sees me being carried by the villain. He, William, says, "What's this?" I am taken into a room to be examined by a doctor, but my spirit stays in the waiting/living room seated on a couch with the villain seated on my right. William gets on bended knee and is trying to hold my hand. I try to resist, but tenderly keep my hand in his. He leans forward to kiss me. I permit it without returning the kiss and then my feelings overtake me and I kiss him. He now knows I love him. I say to him, "I (meaning the sleeping me in the other room) won't remember this." William says, "But I will," meaning he will continue to pursue me, knowing now there is a chance. The villain's lips twitch. He is very unhappy.