I am at some office building, maybe the newspaper. I meet Mark H and a man and we are talking. They show me a newspaper clipping from years ago about me and all the good works I am doing in the disabled community. Mark is gentle and sweet but somewhat distant. I tell him congratulations for getting the handicapped coordinator job at the community college and tell him I used to be that. I tell him he can call on me any time if he needs help or has questions. I do that to leave an opening so we could get together, if he wanted. Now I am at home. Mark and his sister and his cat come to visit. We all chat. Mark is shy, but seems to like me. I like him too. I hold his cat and the cat is loving and cuddles gently in my arms. It's as though I am holding him (Mark). This is a good sign. This means the cat, who is fussy, likes me a lot. This is important to Mark and his sister. Now they are leaving and I walk them out to the porch. Only now Mark is seated, semi laying down on a porch seat. I sit down near him and we talk. I look past him and see a huge river with lots of people playing and swimming. He asks me to describe the scene to him. I tell him it is a pleasant Sunday afternoon where people are all out to enjoy the wonderful weather and have fun. I tell him about four fat men who each stand ten feet apart and at a signal all fall in backwards into the river; the kids swimming and playing. A sled that looks like a snow sleigh goes by, with red painted trim. I describe that. A convertible car with no engine or hood in the front goes by, crawling over the couches near the bank. The driver is concerned that water is splashing into the empty place where the engine would be. He wants his spiffy car to stay spiffy. I say to him, "I'm sorry," thinking I helped splash some water. Then I say to Mark, "I'm always telling people I'm sorry." Mark and I are getting physically closer, our arms brushing each other. It is gentle and loving and shy. We are very attracted to each other. Mark tells me of his house, which is his but it's his mother's and his family is very important to him. Then I notice the river level is dropping. All of a sudden, the entire water contents of the river drain away and everyone falls to the bottom, including us. A man tells us that the water will be gone for one or two hours. I look up and see the man on a high balcony by a metal railing. The sun is warm and bright. I am looking up at him but aware I am shyly avoiding looking into Mark's eyes. I have Mark, a quad, folded up in my arms and I stand up and start walking, carrying him. The way is rough, stones, debris and boulders. It makes walking hard, but I am managing well. I get back up near the house and Mark says, "My brother left a taped message in your van for you." I laugh and say, "Then let's go hear it." We go back toward the van.