I am up all night with some people. I am tired. Ellie calls me up. She's had some premonition about me dying. Possibly Aunt Millie is around and we talk about it. Then a man friend named Richard comes over. He is heartbroken. He's in love with a woman who won't have him. I am supportive. Richard goes to see his Doctor and I go with him. It is 3:00 am and as Richard talks to the good-looking doctor (like Deepak Chopra in looks), people come to the door, one at a time and hand him handwritten notes. He pauses, reads them, smiles appreciatively at them and continues with Richard. One of those people is a young, frail teenage runaway girl. She has a crush on him. He is gentle with her. The doctor now asks me out for a dinner date. I smile and say yes. I like him and he likes me. The next night I come to his office. I am dressed in a sexy black dress. I am young and good-looking with a trim, firm figure, and I am wearing a coat, like a trench coat, over it. I want to dazzle him later with the surprise of how nice I look. He says, "The car is over here." I look and see a tiny black sports car. It is very spiffy, but as we get to it, it is filled with rusty brown water. The top is down and perhaps it rained. I don't really care one way or the other. He is watching for my reaction. Then he says he has another car and opens a garage-like door. It is up a few feet (maybe 4 or 5 feet) from the ground level and covered with a car protection tarp. He unties the tarp and removes it and the car goes backwards like down a ramp and stops next to me. It is a plain brown station wagon. I cheerfully open the passenger side door and see three plants with red flowers on the floor on the passenger side and some cardboard boxes. While I am chatting with the doctor, I move the cardboard boxes to the back seat, asking his permission first, to clear a space for me to sit. He seems pleased that I take all this in pleasant nonchalance. Now he's driving and I am seated to his right and slowly we inch closer together. I'm still in my coat. Now we are close. I say, "I used to live in cities but I don't like cities. I love small towns." He agrees. He loves small towns also. He says, "There's hardly any more places left on earth that don't have a road coming to them." I turn my face toward him and his face is so close, I kiss his cheek tenderly. He smiles lovingly. We arrive somewhere and discover that my friend Richard has been arrested by some military man. Richard had fallen madly in love with another woman who is no good for him. I want to rescue Richard, so I approach the military officer and take my coat off slowly. The doctor is behind me so as I slowly drop my coat, the military man sees the front and the doctor sees the back. They are both mesmerized by my beauty. I have sufficiently distracted the military man and Richard runs for the small row boat. The doctor and I follow and the three of us shove out into this huge lake. I notice the tip of a brown creature's nose peeking out of the waves and feel a second of concern that it is a monster. We continue on. It is a bit difficult as the small boat bobbles in the waves.