I'm delivering a car to a man - something he's just bought, a Lincoln Town Car, very nice. I park it and go down the street to find him - he turns out to be an old guy, he's buying the car for nostalgia - it turns out to be an old one, too, but very nicely restored, in excellent condition. I think he's black, tall, friendly, maybe wearing overalls. I show him the car and he drives off. I'm with another girl who drove another car and we start back for it but I look into a shop first - it's got outdoor gear in it - we're on a sort of mall, outdoors but the shops face on a courtyard of bricks. I've got something from the shop just outside the doors, a quilt or something, like I'm trying it on, when it's time to go on for sure so I leave it on the bench. We go further, there's a group now, and we're looking at this office facade for the Honda headquarters. It's quite a large building, and in the center is a fancy door with panels next to it, all heavy wood, impressive. We're curious, so one of us goes up and opens the door and steps through. Then says, "What a joke! There's nothing over here at all, it's just a door to nothing!" See, the door isn't set in part of the building, as if multiple stories, it's just somewhat more than door-high, maybe 1 story, and then sky. But you can't see there's no roof. And there's a space nearby, a break in the wall, and the one who went through the door steps through that, showing it's just a facade. We all find this curious and funny, so we go through and find a big stadium-like space between office buildings. Hum. To the right we look into a place and find a church, a service going on (Catholic?). We sit down in the balcony and watch for a while, like an audience. I have a candy bar and I keep eating it. Somebody glares at me, and I feel sort of half-guilty, realizing that it's not really usual to be just watching a church service without taking part in it, and I try to pay attention for a while. But we go on, and eventually I'm with just one girl going back to my car; we pass by a lot of cheerleaders practicing on all sides of this "mall"-thing. Very strange, it's getting dark now and the stores are closing up, but here's these groups of 'em every so often, and for some reason spaced out so they sort of ring the place. Hum. Passing by the outdoors-shop again, I see they've closed up and left the "quilt" still on the bench. O dear. I'd like to do something about it, but there doesn't seem anything to do. We go on to the car./We're going to Jenny's house for a meeting. I can see her and her mother rearranging furniture in a little room to accommodate about 8 of us, they set up 2 couches across from each other./I see Jenny in bed with another woman, kissing - I'm surprised, I didn't know Jenny was bisexual./I see another room, full of tables and chairs (in Jenny's house?) and I remark to my friend, "Will you look at this furniture? Look at the legs - they're all alike." All the chairs and tables - it's a sort of parlor, with antiques and chintz, you know the type - have got Queen Anne legs [I didn't use the term till I was writing this], bowed out at the top, in at the bottom, with a foot. Interesting image. I wonder how it happened.