I am at Ginny's house, only I've never seen this house. It's big and nice, but configured all wrong for her real house. Ginny is throwing some special dinner party because I'd had some kind of experience with some people and she wanted to celebrate it. It's her way of being involved, only everything went wrong. She set up computer monitors at each table and each table had a "field" sign which indicated which people would sit at that table. I sit at one table which is more like a TV tray and start to eat, but she says I'm at the wrong table. I'm kind of glad because I don't like the people at that table. I look around for some people I would like to be around. She hands me a postcard from a mutual friend and I read it, sitting on the couch next to her. All the other guests are milling around, unsure of when things start and what to do. Ginny is confused and keeps saying it's ready and then it doesn't happen. The people at the party are odd. There's a young boy who annoyed me and his father who defends him; a young princess-like woman who is totally selfish and her mother that defends her; a deaf woman and Jackie McC and her husband. I am now in a small adjoining room with the mother and daughter. The daughter is very upset because her lovely evening gown has a big hole in it. I had watched the deaf woman using water to wash that spot and it shrunk up the material. The mother is irate. I tell them to their faces I don't like them and their attitudes. They are very upset with me. Then I see Jackie falling and hurting her head and laying down on a couch and her husband all concerned. I say to the mother, "That Jackie, always an actress." I then barge in to do a funny bit. I pretend to be a helpful, concerned person and end up making her very miserable. I stand over her and insist she drink this milk concoction which I force down her throat. She does, but she spills it back up. I see it coming and do a "funny" routine about, "Are you going to.. no, you wouldn't. You wouldn't dare...Oh, you did." I feel a bit uncertain, because I begin to realize she really is hurt and wasn't acting and I've just made it worse. Just like Ginny made a bad situation worse with her intense attempt to be included. Ernie is there and I look out a back window and see the garage floor down maybe a full story. I say, "Wow, that's a long drop" and feel vertigo. I back away from the edge.