I am in a car, driving. I look ahead and see the road is slathered with oil. I guess they are repaving the road. I hesitate, thinking I won't go because I'll ruin the car and besides, maybe the road doesn't go through and I'll get stuck. Then I see another car coming through from the other way and know I can get through. I see the oil is splattered in a thick layer on the front of the car from them going too fast and splashing it all over themselves. I decide to try it, but slower. I don't feel good about the decision, but decide to do it anyway. I start driving. It is slick. Now I am in the back seat of a limo with gangsters. I have been captured by the son of a gangster. They are going to kill me because my father, also a gangster, killed the son's father's brother. Now they seek revenge. He is pursuing me, but he is also attracted to me, and somewhere deep in me I am attracted to him, but I am running from him for my life. I also profess hatred of him. I am aloof and distant. Now I am told to sit in the front seat. I do so; there are maybe six gangster guys in the two back seats. I fall asleep. Now the car stops and he opens the passenger side door to wake me up, but he watches my sleeping face, falling in love with me. He leans down and slowly and sweetly kisses me. I respond to him lovingly and then wake up to realize what I've done and go back to my frozen, distant posture. But now he knows I love him too. We have arrived at a small shabby cabin by the beach. It is empty of any furnishings. I am standing in the living room, near a window that looks out to the beach front. The father is in the back bedroom. The son goes in there, walks into a closet and changes his clothes. The father says, "We are going to kill you, because your father killed my brother." I am watching the son in the closet and I say, "Maybe you should force me to be his maid (was thinking wife). I would hate that above all else." The father likes this idea. He pushes it up one more level and says, "You will be my son's wife," thinking that would be hell for me and a suitable revenge. Now the father is gone and I see the son approaching me. I back up, trying to stay away from his radiant charm because it is so hard to resist. I am backed literally into a corner of the room and I turn my back to him, my face into the corner. He walks sensually up to me, puts his hands on my shoulders and turns me back around to face him and slowly, like in the movies, kisses me. I try to resist but my true feelings leaks out into that kiss. He smiles down at me and whispers, "That's all I wanted to know."