I am staying over night at Ernie and Ginny's, although the house I've never seen before (in real life). I had been trying to sleep, but can't. I had been watching a TV program about a nine hundred and something pound man in a manual wheelchair. He used to be a football player. Now I get up and go downstairs. I am in my nightie, so I hope the front room curtains are pulled. Then it looks like they aren't; I rush up to close them. And I see it was an optical illusion, they really were closed. Now I turn on the TV again to continue watching the show about the fat, disabled man. He moves with grace, the blubber on him sort of bouncing and flowing around him. Someone thinks or the narrator says that it is kind of fascinating to watch. You gain some measure of respect or empathy when you get to know him. Now Ernie comes in from outside, he and Ricardo. He is surprised to see me up at 4:00 in the morning. I tell him I couldn't sleep so I got up for awhile. He asks how I'm doing on the dictionary. I say I'm still writing. He asks me why. I say because it's a way of talking out-loud to myself to hear what I'm thinking. Then I realize he said dictionary. I say, "Oh, I thought you meant journal." I then say, "The reason I'm still working on the dictionary is that I am a poor speller. It's just a disability I have. I have to check each word's spelling, the endings and if it's in the right nook." Ernie is a bit disdainful; that it takes me so long. He mentions he had a couple of accidents and hurt himself. He then had a quick vision. He said three things, one of which was an eagle and a feather. I am impressed with this powerful vision. I know he will look down on me for this, but I say, "It is similar to a dream, isn't it?" Ernie shrugs his shoulders and says nonchalantly, "Of course, you'd try and find meaning in it. It's just that in my family people die of this and it got me to thinking." I say, sympathetically, "Ah, well, in my family they die of stomach cancer. We each have our thing to die with." Ernie then wants to know if I can sleep single, meaning can I join a person on the couch hide-a-bed. He is concerned for me and wants me to get my sleep. I say, "No thanks. I'll stay up awhile and then go back to my bed upstairs." He asks again, a different way. I decline. He shrugs and says good night.