I am traveling down into the earth somehow. There are dangerous paths I must tread. Then one section would end at a white wall. I'd look for the beginning of the next segment. I look up at the ceiling and see a pull string. I pull it down and a small hatch hole appears with a pull down ladder which looks and sounds like a wooden toy with slats of wood on a string that cascade down into a different configuration. These slats then create a ladder. I walk up, pulling myself up the ladder. Now I am in a dangerous part where there are poisonous jungle snakes. I pull out a large knife. I see black shiny snakes coming out from under cups and dishes and statues on a shelf. I have to climb up on that shelf to go to the next level. A center statue is in the way and I decide I don't want that one anyway and choose another and then another. Someone says or I think, "Do they need an Elvis statue to get on with it?" Six snakes come out and I chop off their heads simultaneously. They are very beautiful with vibrant colors, turquoise and so on. Now I get to the next section. Each section is different. This one has people who are very aggressive and belligerent. I must out-bluster them to survive. I do so, easily. I have arrived. Now it is time to go back. I hold a sleeping bag-like thing and am zipping up the end, while it is still rolled up, making a spiral path for the zipper. Somehow this means I've discovered a faster, safer way through without taking those dangerous paths. But now a very noisy, aggressive boy whirls toward me. He wants my attention. He wants to go with me. A woman chuckles and said she found him at the site (setting) called Cathedral and his name is Daniel O'Flannery. We laugh at the irony of an obvious Irish Catholic boy being from a setting called the Cathedral. The boy has red hair and freckles and is cute and wholesome-looking. I tell him to leave me alone. His demanding, attention-getting behavior won't work with me. I then decide to go back through the paths. He follows me. I at first am concerned he'll be harmed, but then he asked for it. I warned him. So I decide this will be a lesson for him and go on, being aggressive and belligerent to the dangerous people on this path, in order to safely get through. I realize from his distant yelling he's scared and will get hurt. I call down the spiral to him, "Just be your fierce, aggressive self on this section. It will work for you." He does it and catches up to me. I turn to him and say, "This next section is the opposite. You have to be clever and quiet." He tries to do so. And we successfully return through all the different sections.