I am in a church, attending a small town service. I think I'm there because a movie crew is in town. A number of famous movie actors, men, are there. I am sitting in the back. I really have to go pee and I get up at the end of the first section and walk. I have the directions that you go to the Splash room and find the restroom. I see a cafeteria room where people are getting refreshments. I see a line of women in a room and correctly guess that's the women's room. I get in line. I really have to pee bad. The last booth opens up, they each have flowered curtains for doors. I go in and it's a white, tall plastic kitchen trash can under a counter. I squinch under the counter and sit and begin to pee. My bladder is very full. I hesitate and then I tell myself quite realistically, "I am awake, it's OK to pee." I pee and pee, trying not to slop any out of the round container. Finally I am done, but I feel uncomfortable, like I still need to pee and that maybe it wasn't OK to pee, maybe I wasn't awake. A woman is talking to me very friendly and we are chatting. I reach for a toilet tissue and she hands me one, I look to make sure it wasn't her lunch as she is standing there eating her refreshments on the top of the counter. I notice a ham slice in my hand and hand it back to her. Now I am stuffing my changes of clothes back into a white plastic sack. It's time to get back to the church service. Now an older woman approaches the woman I am talking to. She says she's been chosen as her sponsor. The woman is distressed because the older woman is tough and won't let her get away with anything. She is, I now realize, addicted to something. The older woman smiles and says knowingly, "Yes, that's why I've been chosen." I leave now, kind of escaping the woman's company after discovering she is addicted. Now I return, only it's a swim pool, not a church. I peel off my clothes. Jack Lemmon and other men are in the pool already. Jack Lemmon laughs and calls out a joke for me to hear about male chauvinists. I chuckle and check to see if my bikini halter swim top is covering me OK. I have very flat breasts like Angel. I dive in and begin to swim laps hard and fast like an athlete. The church congregation begins to chant numbers, counting the strokes to go across the pool. I work hard and make good time and the crowd cheers. I am pleased about my prowess.