I'm babysitting or some such for a well-to-do family in (some place like South Africa, at the bottom of a continent a long way from home). The folks have come home, and someone else is here to babysit, the person I was sitting in for. The mother, a middleaged, very prim, stuffy woman, sends me on a trip to the grocery store. It's a pretty fair piece, but easy enough to find, straight down the road, turn (left?) and then you come to the (village?). I set out walking, and Linda is going to come after me shortly on a bicycle. The road is black dirt, quite rutted, through open fields. Connie comes along too, and before long we have to dodge some riders on horseback coming up the road, joyriding, all togged out in habits. They're not exactly polite, blundering through, it's up to us to get out of the way on the side of the road. Way down at the end are some houses, and they're quite nice, though not large and mansion-like, like the house I'm visiting. There are lots of trees here, tropical-looking ones, making it seem quite dark, and it is approaching twilight. I'm thinking the road dead-ends and we'll have to go through people's yards if we go anywhere from here, but by George the road does turn (we go right) and continues to a sort of country general store. Inside there's a youngish guy who's also (the local preacher? schoolteacher?) - you give him your order and he packs it up. We're getting some meat, and there's some question of whether we want the good stuff or the not-so-good stuff. [I can't distinguish whether it's the family getting the first-quality and buying seconds for visitors and servants, or the shopkeeper gets all the good stuff for himself. Now I think it's the former.] I have to go to the bathroom, and I go around to it, a very simple place this is, white clapboard, plain countrified, white inside, like an old schoolroom. He comes in while I'm on the toilet, to get something, but he doesn't look, though I'm thinking this is a tacky and manipulative thing to do. He leaves, and someone (a man, but not necessarily the shopkeeper) just peeks in the door briefly right after. I'm having trouble getting started urinating because of all this. [Woke up here, actually needing to pee.]