I'm at the downtown library, visiting, looking around at some of my old haunts [it looks nothing like the real thing]. I greet a few people, notice how some things have changed. I run into Gail , and she's showing me some piece of equipment or furniture, and we're talking generally. (It's night, or getting there, not many people about, there's a subdued, quiet atmosphere.) We get to talking about animals, she says somebody we both know has a certain kind of pet, and I'm surprised. She says, oh yeah, and somebody else has this one, and somebody else has that one, etc. - but I don't know why I should tell you all this, you can read it yourself if you want to. She gives me a printout list from a drawer in this cabinet-thing we're looking at. Apparently this was made up for some charity project. I take it and put it in my purse to look at later. We continue talking, and she gives me another list or document, which is definitely not for general circulation. She says, "You know I never gave you this...", and I agree. A bit later, after I'm off on my own again, I'm squatting down by a cabinet and my purse is behind me. Both papers are in it, and I knock it over, and the one about pets falls out. Just then Marsha comes by, and she sees the paper. I say hi, picking up my purse and the paper, trying to make sure the other one isn't visible, without letting her see I'm hiding something. She does see the pets one, though, and takes it. (I think she asks for it and I hand it to her.) She turns away for a minute, and I stick the other one into the cabinet, thinking I'll retrieve it later. But Marsha's very serious when she turns back - she asks where I got this, and I tell her, wondering why she's so disturbed. But she tells me I can get into a lot of trouble for this, asks why I took it, I tell her we were just talking about pets, no big deal, what's the problem? She says this is private information. She thinks for a bit, says probably they'll have me buy pets for the children. I tell her I still don't understand what the problem is, and she opens the printout to show me the title - it says "Mi Panin" something something (the printout is all caps, of course) - it means nothing to me at all. At first I thought the word was "panic" but I can see it's not. I am still mystified by this whole thing - part of me is concerned that I shouldn't get caught with the other paper, I'd really be canned for that, I am really worried. But the pets one - I keep expecting I can just explain about that, but Marsha is really adamant.