I meet up with Dylan. We are talking but there is some tension between us. Perhaps I feel competition or we are arguing. As we are talking, we are in some big institutional building of some sort, a woman comes over and turns her face away from Dylan and practically whispers, "I'm pregnant." I hear her, but Dylan doesn't and he continues talking. I interrupt him and say, "Did you hear her?" I make her repeat it. Dylan looks at me like, "Can you take over with this client?" He wants my help. I reluctantly agree. I say, "Can we use your office?" He says yes. I start to enter a room but he says, "No, my office is moved now." We go around the corner to another room. I open the door and see it is a long l-shaped room with lots of wooden chairs and desks. Some women from another department are also working in there. I look over the situation and ask the client if it is OK with her that we work in here, because having other people around could be a confidentiality problem. She reluctantly agrees. I see another room, used as a classroom, and now the women have used it as a coat room. I pull her in there. I say we may be occasionally interrupted. So we sit and she starts doing all kinds of avoidance behaviors, walking around, chatting about other things, etc. I firmly say to her, "You have three (I was contemplating five but decided that was too long) minutes to quiet down and work or I will leave." She ignores me and continues but at precisely three minutes has managed to sit quietly. I start to work with her about being pregnant and she starts up again. This time I give her two minutes. She doesn't stop and I go get my coat and scarf and start to leave. Then I suddenly turn and get right up in her face and fix her with a knowing stare. Her eyes become big and scared. "Uh-huh," I say. "You just confirmed it. You are a lesbian and that is the issue you really want to work with." I feel quite proud, even a bit arrogant about this amazing bit of intuition. I start to leave and she tries to follow. I say to her, a bit harshly, "I want to make it clear. We are not counselor and client anymore. We are not, I repeated, relationship and client...I mean, counselor and client." I am saying this to her so she clearly understands I am not working with her professionally so she won't be confused if we talk about things informally.