I and my handicapped boyfriend are being ostracized because of our relationship. He is younger than me and handicapped, so I have been kicked out of school, all my money taken from me and no place to live. I do not give up my boyfriend though. I only have one privilege left. I can attend one class at school. I can't participate, but I can attend. I go there. No one speaks to me. I feel shame because I used to be quite popular and influential. I feel pride also in not backing down. I sit up in the highest row. The seats are like wooden, old theatre seats. The class is beginning. Down in the center is a group of students who are portraying judge and jury and lawyers. A young man is first to present his question or debate issue. He asks how come there aren't any pretty women for him to ask out in his small town and is this fair? I wonder to myself how fair is it that he isn't all that good-looking. How arrogant. Now a woman, like Mirabelle, reminds the group they haven't done the Bible thing and people pull out their Bibles. They begin to recite the Lord's Prayer. I start to do it from memory to be a part of the group, even though I think this is silly. A tiny disabled woman in a wheelchair behind me (maybe has osteoporosis) sarcastically uses silly words to the Lord's Prayer to show her defiance to this issue. I want to join her and would like for her to approve of me, and I want to join the group and have them approve of me. It's a dilemma. Now a young man walks up to a young woman next to me and wants to sit with her. He likes her. Then they change their seats and go down to a front row. I watch them as he tries to shyly move closer to her and she realizes he wants to hug and she moves closer to him and so on. Now one of the center group people calls on a woman on my right. She is a nun with short dark brown hair. In a pageboy kind of cut. She says she's not sure she can share her case because it isn't... and she can't remember the word. I supply it for her, "copyrighted." I am ignored.