I'm arriving at my grandparents' house on Vanderbilt - they're out, and I want to use their house for something, though I'm terrified they'll come home while I'm still here. (I haven't seen them or most of the rest of my family in years.) It's still just as it was, and frankly I'm surprised. You'd think they'd have remodelled a bit. I look around downstairs, going into the kitchen from the dining room, and on through, suddenly realizing I haven't seen a microwave - I'm looking for one, because I want to use it - surely they've gotten a microwave, wouldn't somebody at least have given them one by now? I go back through, looking carefully, going from the dining room into the room where the sink is - noticing I'd forgotten that the part where the stove, etc., is has no sink - you have to wash dishes in a separate room. Funny. [Note this is inaccurate from the real house; it's as if you'd put a wall in the real kitchen (and moved the refrigerator), but it was never like that.] But no microwave. Oh, well. I go toward the bathroom, and just as I'm crossing the den, the bathroom door opens and a naked girl starts to come out. She has a towel or something and covers herself up somewhat, very startled, and retreats inside the door. I ask who she is and she says she's a reporter or something, works for the newspaper (?), she's sorry, she was just taking a bath, didn't know anybody would be here, etc. - I notice she doesn't tell me exactly what she's supposed to be doing here. I'm a little afraid, because especially I don't know if she's alone. I start thinking about calling the police, and I try to see inside the bathroom beyond her, though she's holding the door as if to prevent it. I explain who I am, but she doesn't know I barely have a right to be here either, and I hope she doesn't ask. I have a bit of an upper hand but I'm worried that there's something potentially dangerous here, and I'm more and more suspicious that there's a man with her - which would make the situation worse. I jostle the door and make more of an effort to look in, and by George there is a man in there! He's naked, and just in the tub - I see him reflected in the bathroom mirror, trying to keep quiet and out of sight. I'll bet she notices me looking and figures I've seen. My apprehension escalates - I'm gonna go call the cops. I go through to the dining room where the phone is, hoping I can make the call before they come after me. I get the number dialled, and I hear sounds while it's ringing, and just as someone picks it up (I think - I'm not positive because I have one ear listening to the sounds at the door) the doorbell rings. I debate whether to answer it or make the call, and in frustration put the phone down. I answer the door, and it's a whole raft of people, some of whom I recognize, all dressed up in their Sunday-go-to-meetin' clothes. Apparently there's been a wedding or some similar celebration, and the reception/party's being held here. Oh swell. I'm greeted warmly, like I belong here - some of these people are distant relatives, and they're all on a kind of churchy-Sunday high. There are black people here too, and I talk to one woman in a springy flowery dress and hat, with her daughter, similarly dressed - I wonder if I should tell them what's been going on, or are these people somehow dangerous too? Maybe I should just sneak out. I'm feeling confused and frustrated.