Boomer, the cat, and I are walking to M City over the mountains. We are walking up a forested meadow hill when I see herds of sheep and deer and other animals running from the mountain down the hill past us. I am worried they will trample us, but we stand and the go around us. Some people too. I think there must be a forest fire. I look for smoke. I see a small puff but not enough to indicate danger. I hesitate making the decision should I go on or not. I decide to go on and continue as we crest the hill, I am startled and scared when I see a huge forest fire coming right at us. We turn and run as fast as we can back down the hill to find the creeks and rivers we had seen to jump into. We find one in the nick of time and dive in. I hold Boomer and we hold our breath until we must have oxygen and then gulp up some air and back under. It is touch and go. But finally the fire passes us, leaving charred remains and smoke, a close call. Now we decide we have to get to M City some other way. I see a dirt road and choose another one. I am driving a Volkswagen bus, an old one. I have two young adult mentally retarded people with me, a woman and a man. I ask the woman to drive the VW bus a ways and park it. I walk over and see with fear that she parked it so close to the edge of a cliff. One wrong move and we'd go over the edge. I realize what she did was try to park as best she could like to a curb. One wants to be as close as you can to the curb, right? I get in and very carefully pull away from the edge. Now I drive us down the steep hill and on. I say I wonder if this is the road to M City. It doesn't seem right. I see a small town, really just a cluster of buildings ahead. We'll ask directions. I get out and see a small store, but it is a ghost town and no one around. Then a car drives up. I am glad and walk over and ask the woman getting out of the passenger side if she can tell me how to get to M City. She is holding a rifle, I suddenly notice, and there are blood spots on her hands. She looks at me startled and mean. I get scared. I ask her again and she says, "I'll tell you but first you have to come up to the house." Well, there's no way I'm going to do that. She'll kill me, thinking I'm a witness to something. I agree, though and get in the VW bus and drive away. Only the man that was with her is in my way on a bicycle in the road. I follow him for a short distance. I see some highway signs and try to read them One says F. Ridge. Hwy. 50. There is a corner building and the man stops there and so do I. I walk up to a man and shake his hand. He introduces himself as Doug, the insurance man. I ask him where those roads lead to. He says to the coast. Now I realize I am going back to E City and after all this trouble, if I want to go to M City, I must start all over again. I am frustrated.