I live in a big busy apartment complex. My front door is at the top of a long steep ramp. I decide to go out for something, and as I get to the ground I realize I've left the door open. Uh-oh, the cats'll get out! I turn and look, and by George, there's Rouse on the ramp all right; I shoo her back up and she goes, but there's Alleycat down next to a tree. I call to him - he ducks around some, and I move as if to chase him, but I realize the door's still open. I'd better go on up. There's a guy speaking to me, he wants to ask me something or tell me something, I guess, and I tell him I've got to go in - he says he'll help me get my cat, I say no thanks, and he follows me up - inside the door I say again, I'll just wait, Alleycat will come in on his own, and, lo and behold, just as I turn to the door, there he is. I shut the door behind him. [This guy is somebody I know - and in real life he's somebody well known, like a TV personality, but I don't know him personally.] Later, I'm out in the complex on my way wherever I was going, and I'm walking along under the upstairs walkway. It's started to rain, and up ahead at the end of the walkway I see this heavy gush of dirty water come over the edge. I assume it's a torrential overflow, and don't want to get caught in it, so I wait. After a minute I realize that things haven't changed much up there, you can still see the dark water hanging over the edge - but that's silly, what's wrong here? I look closer, realizing it isn't making a sound any more either. It's stationary. Coming out past it - the rain had after all stopped - I can see - oh my word, it's a dog! This huge English sheepdog that lives upstairs is trying to escape from a bath - he's covered with muddy water and sort of wrapped up in a big brown plastic trash bag or something, and he's tried to jump over the edge and got caught, so he's just hanging there. He's trying to wriggle loose, and does, and hits the ground in a loud wet-bag sploosh. Not far in front of me, and he's wiggling and wagging his huge tail around to get out of the plastic. I get smacked with the tail - in the bag - just before he gets free, but I think I can try to help get him stopped before he runs off, and his owner comes up and is grabbing for him too. VK &amp; I have been at a woman's house on some errand - he needed to make some arrangements with her about a project she's doing with, or for, the library, and I came to help. That having been settled, we're on our way back in our mobile office cubicles. This thing is like 2 little desk-cubicles (like the downtown library has), one behind the other, opening to the left. I step into mine and sit down, then VK gets into his and he starts it up and we drive away like a motor scooter or something - he has a steering wheel. I need to ask him a question, and I step out, not thinking at first that it may go too fast for me to keep up with, but realizing quickly that if I just keep a lively step going, I can stay on a level with VK - I go ahead and check with him [on whatever it was I wanted to know].