I'm in some kind of storeroom or lower-level workroom, cinderblock walls, high ceiling, various things stacked in different places, a work-table or desk, maybe a file cabinet or something. I have come in here with a man for some legitimate reason, we work together (more or less - the relationship is not close). But now he's attacked me - another person has come in and they're talking about raping me, but something has to be done first - they're waiting for somebody else. They're very threatening, taunting, mean. Shortly the second one goes out and returns almost immediately with several more men - all of them looking tough and mean, like gangsters. They're engaged in some activity [though I can't identify it - not just a conversation, and while they're quite visible I just can't say what they're doing - the first guy is definitely the boss though, and they look to him rather than paying attention to me - my understanding is that they're all going to rape me] - but for the moment nobody is looking at me, and I see the door's been left open. I'm close enough to it that I can get out without going in front of any of them, so I seize the opportunity and slip out quick, then run as quiet as I can - I make it to the elevator just in time, I don't even know if they're chasing me yet, I just assume they are. I go up to the first floor and get out, running out the door, aiming more or less toward home, across the field. I'm not sure exactly where I'm going, though I think briefly about calling the police and where I can do that. In my path, however, I see the [train] where Rita is at the moment - that'll do it, I'll get her to help. Nobody's in sight chasing me at the moment, so I go around to the door and go in. Rita's there, and we talk. She says I should join her, and we'll go see somebody. After a while the train moves on, and we arrive soon at a place with a house and lots of trees where the owner lives and has invited us to dinner. Very friendly, I'm honored. [The previous incident might have been forgotten, or it's metamorphosed into this one.] It's twilight now, through the trees - a lovely place. I'm a policeman or security cop, rather new, working with my buddies, who I think include Lynn &amp; Peggy, in this little rustic-looking office in a small town or neighborhood. It's night, and not much to do, and we're messing around having fun. Somebody sees the guy who's bringing our paychecks coming down the street, and we quickly dash back in, giggling and joking - I suggest we all sit down on our benches very straight and upright, with straight faces, all in neat rows, so he'll think we're real serious. (We're all rookies, by the way.) We just barely make it, and I'm fumbling to turn on the tape player for the soothing music just as he comes in the door.