I am walking down a sidewalk and it is raining very hard. I have a black umbrella and I am enjoying this walk, even though I am dripping wet. An older woman walks with me for a while but she gives up and turns to return to her car or someplace dry. I keep on, loving the rain. Now I am walking in a lovely Swiss Alps country. I stop on the sidewalk and look around at the incredible beauty all around me: mountains, yellow Swiss houses, autumn-colored leaves on the many trees. I am in a small village. A good-looking man is in a red car in a parking lot nearby. He watches me and is entranced by my innocent appreciation of the beauty around me. I begin to walk up a very steep hillside sidewalk and he gets out of the car and follows me. It is hard to walk up this steep walkway, but I am enjoying the vigorous challenge. At the top is a huge tree, where you will not get wet. I go under the tree. The man strikes up a conversation with me and I like talking to him, but I don't really give him my full attention because everything around me is so interesting. The leaves of this tree are so thick, they make a wall. He shows me by taking my hand and rubbing it against the leaves. I am amazed. He watches me, liking the reactions I have, but wanting me to notice him. I look out a window, which is really an open square in the leaves. This tree is huge and really creates a long house. We walk on, the tree now a series of hallways with small rooms. It is a museum-like place. I peek in one room, a tiny one with a woman in it. She is conducting an experiment with magnetics or something. I am curious and go in. She tells me to lean my front against the wall. I do and the man is very close behind me. Other people come in and we are very crowded, so the man is right up against my back, pressing me into this odd feeling magnetic wall. It feels good. We go on. He asks me to join him at the Village Fair. I now realize he is interested in me and is courting me. I don't completely trust him, but we spend the afternoon at the Fair, laughing, talking, and walking around. I am attracted to him. Now it is evening. I return to where I had come from, some house or hotel. My man and another one I knew before are talking. I gather from the conversation that it was some kind of competition. The other man had dated me, so this one wanted to try and get me from him. I am deeply hurt and run from the building. The man who likes me runs after me. I run down steep hillsides, dashing around trees and I go for miles. He is in hot pursuit. I wade in a lake to cover my tracks and then swim. I am out of breath and exhausted, but keep on. I arrive at the other end of the lake and climb up a rope ladder to a second story window of my papa's house, calling out "Papa." I feel the man now climbing the rope ladder too. I desperately cry out, "NO!" and try to shake him off. He is determined to catch me to explain how I had misinterpreted the conversation. He truly does love me. I fall into my "mother's" arms gasping, "Don't let him catch me." The man gasps out, "" We had covered miles and I had kept the lead the whole way. I'd pushed myself beyond my capabilities.