I'm at the desk in the library, and it's very busy just as we're getting ready to close. The place is huge, and the desk is long - someone else is checking out, and I'm at the money box. There are tables spread out in front of me, people everywhere, sounds of people talking, and plenty of kids. The light is more like a nightclub or something, mostly dark but with spots of light - a sort of overhead darkness [like yoga at Moonslice]. Actually my sense of the place is chaotic. I have the money drawer open, and something is dropped on the floor. I try to catch it, but don't, and then bend or squat to reach it. At the same time a little girl who's been boosted up to sit on the counter is crawling over it and letting herself down on my side. She's definitely in my way, and I tell her not to do that, but here she comes anyway. I've got my right hand in the drawer still, pushing it in as far as I can without closing it, but trying to make it so nobody can reach across the counter into it. I signal to Jenny at the other end of the counter to come get this kid, and she does, trying to be nice, but I'm saying, this is not okay for you to be here, you have to stay on the floor on the other side of the counter. No fooling. As I stand up, feeling more frustrated, there are 3 heads in front of me, 2 or 3 hands reaching across the counter trying to get into the money drawer. Now I get very imperious, and tell these kids - all boys - in no uncertain terms, get off the counter, stand on the floor, and stay there. Jenny (and maybe some others) look at me like I'm being awfully bold, here we are supposed to be nice to all the patrons, but my attitude at the moment is that I'd better let people know who's in charge here. Things are getting out of hand. Actually, the "boy" in the middle turns out to be a man, and he's miffed, because he just wanted change. I tell him that's fine and start counting out some ones, but they're all bad. In fact, there don't seem to be any nice clean flat bills at all - my word, here's one that's positively white! No, it's blank on one side - damn, this has got to be a Xerox copy! Here's another one! This is awful! Who took such bills? I look at another stack - there's quite a lot here - and find a nice bill, but damn! It's from a foreign country! It doesn't look anything like our bills! How could this happen? Here's another one - from the "Bank of Habbakuk" or some such name. O dear. The man is getting impatient, and says he'll take anything - I'm terribly embarrassed to have to tell him I haven't found anything he could spend yet. There's still a lot else going on around me, and suddenly the lights flick on &amp; off, making me even more confused. It's one of our people over at the light switch down at the end of the counter, on the wall. He's just trying to get the patrons' attention, that it's time to leave. But with the light already the way it is, it's very disorienting. We tell him to stop. I'm just horrified at this situation with the money.