["The baby elephant types."] I am in a house and I am moving, or thinking of moving. I remember I have a whole wing of rooms I never go into. When I move, I'll just scoop up all the stuff and put them in boxes. They must not be needed stuff, because I never go in there. I try to remember now many miles I am from Dover. I figure out 50 miles until the interstate, then two or three hours south to Dover. I must be in the next state to the north. I figure I am about equidistant from M. and Dover. I go outside to get the mail. I walk up the lane. I see a large mailbox. Each neighbor has one too. And at each mailbox stands a large elephant. It is the elephant's job to bend the mailbox, open it and bring the mail to it's owner. I look again and our large elephant is a tiny baby one. Very cute. I wonder if he can manage the large mailbox. The mailman drives up and puts the mail in the mailbox. I watch as the tiny elephant wraps his trunk around the box and bends the pole so the box is down by the ground. He manages quite well. The mailman says and this mailbox is 5000 pounds. I am impressed. Now my sister Lydia wants to type a letter. She calls the elephant over. She types on his little side and then he goes over to the computer keyboard and using his trunk types it into the computer. But then he refuses to let me retrieve it. Now I am back in the house and Charla is preparing to go out. I ask her what she's going to do and she shrugs her shoulders. She doesn't know yet. A boy named Doug wants to meet her at 9:15 and go on the train to the zoo or someplace fun. I make the arrangements for her. Then I see Doug sitting in the living room waiting for Charla and Charla is leaving. I ask her where she's going and she says to summer camp. I'll be back in an hour. I decide to walk to Dover and then return here so I can go to M. I begin walking down the lane and then realize what a waste of energy and time that is. I'll go to M. and do the Dover thing later at a more convenient time. I walk around to the back yard.