["Where's the other kitties?"] I am in a house. I am preparing to pack a few things and go on a day outing. There are four sweet fuzzy kitties. One is white, one is yellow, calico and black. My three daughters are there, as children. I lose track of the kitties because of the preparations. Howard is there also. I pick up the white one. He looks like a fuzzy white slipper, All white fuzz except for the bottom which is a smooth leather with two plastic button eyes. I look around for the other kitties, suddenly concerned. I hadn't seen them for a few days. I ask the girls if they had seen them. They say no, they hadn't. Howard hadn't seen them, either. Now I am worried. I search for them hoping they haven't died from neglect. The phone rings. The university wants to make an appointment with Howard. I say OK, Thursday at 1:00. I hang up. Howard looks up at me and says, but I wanted to stay home with you, because I love you very much. And I wanted to be with the kids. He then realizes the little boy has wandered into another room and he goes to get him. He comes back out and the project he was working on falls apart, because he accidentally kicked it. It was a sort of pumpkin with glue on it in white drops where other melons had been attached. We never do find the other kitties. Now we are in a car going out to the country to find Howard and Jacquelyn Kennedy, in the white house. Howard has something for them. Recent floods caused the river to come out on the road and we are driving through it. Howard is driving sand I am worried it will be too deep and we will get stuck, but we successfully get through. We find a small house were we now live, only four houses down from the White House itself. Later we drive out into a field to have a picnic and I look back to see the white house which is oddly set among a series of old west type buildings. We get to the picnic and I open a huge package of hams. We put three on the grill. I wonder what we are going to do with all the other ones. I hope they don't go bad.