["Hiding again."] I am teaching a class of 5th graders or so. One uppity girl and two nearly delinquent boys. I like the boys. I work hard to help them. Then I leave. At the door, the boys hug me goodbye and one sticks his head under my shirt and is sucking on my skin just below my breasts. Now, I am walking with a girl, maybe Charla. I look ahead of us and see Yankee soldiers being chased into the woods. They are running through a shallow river. I and Charla are in a building, hiding and I make sure we are not able to be seen and I yell a warning to the soldier who used to be a student of mine. This attracts the attention of the other soldiers as I knew it would. Charla and I run up the stairs where it comes to a platform and a choice. Another flight of stairs going down and a ladder going up to a small ledge by the ceiling. I know it would be more likely I should go down the stairs which will lead to outside and I can run. But I choose to go up the ladder thinking that they will assume I went down the stairs and then I will be safe. I feel doubt about the wiseness of my decision. Nevertheless, we go up the ladder and lie down curled up and wait. The soldiers run up the stairs and others run up the other stairs. I hear them talking about whether they have seen me or not. Some look up and I think they see me, but they all go away. I go on now, alone. I had parked my van over night in some empty lot and I walk there to retrieve it. When I get there, I am upset to see that vandals have stolen things. At first, I think nothing is wrong and then slowly, I notice one thing and then another. Four flat tires, the steering wheel is gone, the front seat upholstery is gone. I see my mother's violin is there. I am relieved at that. The pretty rocks my two school boys found are gone. That saddens me. I see some things lined up under the wheel well on the rear of the van. Evidence. I begin to walk back to downtown to call the police. I feel stupid for leaving my van over night where a rock concert is held. Just asking for it. But I am glad that not any real valuables are missing. I walk and see the big city core of buildings across the huge river. I see the water is high and rapid. I walk along the edge of it, on the sidewalk, a bit worried I will fall in and be swept away. I continue on to the city, looking for Monroe street. Now I am back in the school room to tell the boys and the uppity girl about their rocks being stolen. I want them to know I am proud of them, because I can see they have made important changes She is less up tight and they are more responsible. I feel pleased.