I've come to the Business Office for a little visit with Michelle and to bring her a list of some stuff we want to get rid of from the branch. It's actually in the form of a "catalog", with pictures stuck to white pages and some kind of ring binder. I'm trying to interest Michelle casually in some of the stuff to keep, but we joke about it. I look at the rest of the office - it's been changed quite a lot by taking down some of the walls, and now Norma &amp; Marilyn can work together easier, everybody moves around, very open. I'm not going to stay long, so I don't want to get into any conversations with any of the others. [Note: the personnel are accurate, and the overall design of the office.] I go down the back hall to the bathroom and chat with some other folks along the way. There's a stray kitty here, and I think I'd better take him along and take care of him - maybe I'll see if Michelle wants him. But I decide to go back by way of the first floor, and when I get around to the front I realize, whoops, probably I shouldn't go across the public area with a cat, I'd better go back to the staff elevators. [This place is looking more like a hotel than a library - flowered carpet, fancy appointments, etc.] At the elevator we have to wait with some other folks for a while, and I examine the cat's stomach. I had noticed earlier a kind of rough spot, thinking it was a sticker or burr stuck to his fur. It's not, though, it's some kind of hard thing that's burrowed into his skin, and the top of it protrudes. Looks like he'll need to have that removed. The elevator comes, and we squeeze in - it has a glass wall, though there's not much to see outside - there's a person next to me, against the back wall, that looks like a homeless person, and smells a bit. He/she says something to me, but he/she looks and sounds rather sinister and I try to ignore it. By the time we get off, the kitty's missing (in the shuffle) and I have to look for it. ------scene shift------- I'm at Hope's house (Hope and her mom, actually) - they're out and I'm house-sitting; I'm stepping outside to look for the cat on the street (it's night now), and I walk up a bit, nearly out of the light from the sliding glass doors, and I see some movement. There's a cat, but not mine, and a man's shape is moving toward me. As he becomes visible, I see (having been nervous) that he's a neighbor - tall, black, greying, a nice man, though taciturn - and we say hello, I tell him what I'm doing. [I'm not sure about the next part, if my cat shows up or not, but I'm trying to get in the door, or let my cat in, and a number of other cats slip in while I have the door open a crack.] He offers to help me get the other cats out, so we go inside. There's a long table laid with food for guests, and some people start to show up and sit down. Some have brought others with them, and pretty soon the place is bustling with chatty people crowding in. I'm very much disconcerted - some of these are very colorful people, like we found them at a carnival. A few biker types, but all quite friendly. What am I going to do with all these people? Hope comes home and is surprised. [Maybe another scene, I'm fiddling with my tooth - the capped one - and convinced it's loose, I actually pull it loose, I'm horrified.]