My mother's recently married Patrick Duffy - he has an interfering ex-wife. We're sitting at dinner and he talks about her walking in from time to time. Oh, swell - she's probably my age and I have to contend with a stepmother. I'm visiting Jerry Seinfeld at his apartment, and we decide to get married. It's pretty casual - seems like a convenience thing, although underneath we really like each other, but we're both hesitant because we don't know each other very well. He takes my notebook and writes some information about himself on it, birthdate, parents' names, etc. There's someone else here, a friend of his, and he's kind of doubtful too but thinks it's fun. I need to leave, and go out to my car - the apartment is inside a building, the door is heavy. Crossing the courtyard, there's a lawn, like a park, people are playing on it - I pass some kids on my left, then have to skirt a pond. It doesn't have any edges, it soaks out of its perimeters gradually, and the grass around it is spongy and wet. I don't get far enough out because of the kids and my shoes get wet. [I either fall down or stumble] and drop this little mermaid that Jerry gave me into the pond. It's very shallow and clear, and there are a number of ornaments like this already in it - it crosses my mind I might pick up something else besides my own, but I want mine - they're gold, they float, some are like my mermaid in that they have no floating base, but a solid, curved extension with a ball on the end that keeps them balancing. I pick up my own and go on out. There's a glass door, then a bit of parking lot next to the street. My car is parked right next to the wall, and is nearly pinned in by the next car, parked at an angle, and some sort of rack-thing in front. I walk around the car, checking what I can do, taking off my red coat, and when I get back to the other side I decide I can move the rack - but I notice I don't have my coat. There's someone else with me, a sort of companion, and I ask her if she saw what I did with it - maybe I hung it on that rack. She doesn't see it at first, but then finds it.