["Swimming and my nodules are easing up."] I am in a swimming pool. It is crowded. A man, sort of Nate and sort of built like Michael, the German that Dovre likes. He is very friendly and we chat. I get out of the pool and we are standing. He comes up to me and we start to hug and kiss, it is getting sexual. Now the scene shifts and I am in an apartment, supposedly mine. I wake up and look around to discover that the landlords have been remodeling. I walk around and see to my surprise my bedroom is empty and gone, another tiny room has been added and an odd high platform I assumed would be the frame for a bed mattress, but it would be too high for me to use. I am annoyed and upset that they would come do this without even asking or telling me. I go outside. I walk down the street. No now I am in another house. I am sort of the house mother person. A man named Warren comes up to me and chats. I realize he and I had danced at some costumed ball and didn't at first recognize him. Now I see a TV film crew is setting up. They are doing a documentary on me and my family and how we do dreams together. I remember about my dream software and want to tell the director about it so we can talk about it when being filmed. I walk over to a small group of men who are busy talking about setups and shots and so on. I try to get their attention. They ignore me. I get more insistent. Finally I hear the director say to the others that they are not really interested in hearing from me. I see an outline of the topics and line after line says Law. They will do a quick sound bite about me and the kids sharing He then turns his brightly red scarfed head away from me. I say to him, "Fuck You." I turn and leave the room. I am very angry at them for ignoring me. A woman comes up to me, very close into my face and says that she wanted to interview me a bit for the 3:00 segment. I tell her about how the men treated me and how angry I am. She listens patiently and then says she will massage my left leg. I say oh no, please don't touch it. I have very painful nodules there Too painful to touch. She takes down my ugly green sock and pulls up my ugly pants leg. She begins to massage the area very gently. I am surprised it doesn't hurt but a little. She says. They are softening and going away. I am glad for that.