["Floods and counting my pills."] I am in a house. I look out the back window and I see the water, a vast body of it, lapping right up to the window sill. I remark to some woman that it is calming and pleasant to have the water up so close. I then wonder what would happen if it rose any higher. It is raining. I go to the kitchen to find my pills. I have found some but they are huge round chewable ones and I'm not sure which ones I should take. I am now trying to replace a bottle cap and can't find the right bottle. Someone says The water is rising. I hold a milk carton, a quart sized one, in one hand and I go to the room where the window is. I see the water pouring into the house from under the window sill. Someone says we have to go higher and we all grab for whatever belongings are near us and go up the stairs to the attic. I walk the length of the house going from room to room. I think to myself, Ah, one room for women and another room for men. I open an old closet cupboard and see old world war I uniforms there. Musty and dusty. I go to the other end of the house and see some dishes and a tiny sink. I look for a small refrigerator but don't see one. I guess the milk will go sour. I go to the back room. The windows are covered with brownish tan colored shades that are nailed shut. I then look out after finding a place to peek. A long ditch is being dug by the towns people. The water seems to have receded somewhat. I am encouraged. But then the waves swell and the people in the ditches are covered over and struggle to get above water. They do. I look around the small room and see a pipe with a stream of water coming out of it. This is not good. I call for the man who comes to, look at it. Now I realize the floods have taken the house off its foundation and we are floating out to sea. I look out the window and see that we are scraping over dry land to get there, but we are floating anyway. People on the sides are shouting encouragement. One man yells look at me and is shooting a shotgun at a bird to show us how to hunt for the right bird for food. I wonder how long we will be gone.