I'm with 3 friends, another girl and a couple of boys. We're out just sort of strolling around a park, noplace special to get to, but more or less aiming for the other side. There's lots of dense green stuff to poke through, little paths, rises, a creek. As we explore, one of the boys - he looks like Wil Wheaton - is telling us about this movie he was in, that this reminds him of. He'd been knocked out or something, and was face up floating in the creek as it went under a (culvert? is that right?), and leaves &amp; vines floated over him and tangled around his throat as he went under, and inside the culvert he woke up, choking. As he tells this, we all see it, as if in flashback, from overhead. He comes out the other side pulling the vines from his neck, struggling to survive. Very dramatic. He likes to tell us about his exploits. We come out of the woods and there's a building here, we go into it - it's a place we're familiar with but don't go into much. [It could be a library - there are aisles of some kind, very high, maybe floor-to-ceiling stacks, so that you can wander around in them.] We're looking around, together and separately, it's dim (the place is not open), and spooky enough to be fun. [Some event happens, but apparently not onstage, to produce the next bit.] The others are making their way toward the other exit, and I'm hanging back a bit, still exploring, and as I turn a corner I see something startling - the other boy is standing in one of the aisles behind our group [though actually he's looking like a man in a suit]. He stands still, looking away from me, and seems quite grim. There's something wrong here. Moving around quietly and carefully, I see more of them - replicas of my friend - and also some others. I realize that what must have happened is [this event I mentioned] and there are duplicates being created - but they're all replicas of the dark side of this person, none of the nice parts. This is very alarming. We've got to get out of here - I get back to the others as fast as I can and tell them, and we go out - I think if we get him out this thing that's happening will stop. We come out to a part of the park that's sculptured and open, a walkway and water running through a man-made concrete bed alongside, flower beds, etc. It's sunny out. [Out here, there's something about somebody - the boy? being in the water, but it's gone.]