I'm on my way somewhere, driving a car with a female passenger - she's not a friend, and I'm thinking she's not comfortable with my driving - this road has a lot of curves and the lanes aren't marked (there's no paving, though it's good and solid, and smooth - and it's through town, sorta like Oak town), and possibly I'm too close to the wall sometimes - there's a wall median divider, and we're driving on the left of it. I'm just waiting for her to bitch about it, but trying to stay out so she won't get nervous. I'm also looking around at the cute little houses that line the road, and thinking it would be nice to live in one of them - there's a grocery store right down the street, very convenient, there are lots of nice things about it - but it is a very busy street, hmm, why would I be thinking about that anyway? Not my kind of place... Later, I'm at a going-away party for a fellow employee, in a restaurant-bar. It's fairly dark, and there aren't many people I know here, and I don't feel like mingling much. I'm sitting at the bar looking at a magazine. There's an article in series about this young man who's had a number of turns in his life. The first piece is headed, "Jail 1", and chronicles what led up to him doing something that he went to prison for and how that affected him. The text goes down the left half of the page, picture on the right. He's nice-looking, dark hair, sort of a country-boy type, but apparently a very nice guy who made a few mistakes. The next piece, "Jail 2", comes after another article or 2, and tells the next story, and then the 3rd piece tells about him having a sex change. There are pictures here, too, but also there's a TV nearby - must be up behind the bar because I'm looking up - and there's her, and her girlfriend on TV, probably videotape. There's a closeup, and you can see it's him and all, and I'm thinking he doesn't make a very good-looking woman. Oh, well. There's a woman sitting next to me, middleaged, she's looking over my shoulder and making the occasional lame remark like, "Why would anybody do such a thing?" I decide it's time to mosey on off, and take a few steps toward the door, when I'm grabbed by this cheerful young woman with somebody else in tow, she says, "How are you? You really look good, come with me", dah dah dah. I think she must be somewhat drunk, as a number of people are getting. She grabs my waist and tugs me over to a seated group and proceeds to chat with them too - "Look who I found!" - the thing is, I don't know these people. I think she doesn't realize that, and the others must assume she does. Oh my. I'm trying to think of a way to extricate myself.