["Love My Daddy"]  My "Mother" and I live on and run a ranch. We have a good strong relationship. She is very protective of me. My "Daddy" comes home. He and my "Mother" love each other very much. She tells him about this man in the neighborhood that she's worried about. He's out to get me and she doesn't want me to get hurt. I say Oh don't worry. My "mom" taught me what to do with a man's arms if he should jump me. My good looking "Father" and I are also equally attracted to each other, sexually aand lovingly. He teases me about knowing what to do with a man's arms. My "Mom" keeps going outside the barn and watching off into the distance, listening intently. I say to "Dad" I wish she wouldn't do that. It makes me nervous. He grins at me and I suddenly shove him up against the wall and we laughingly wrestle. I pin his arms back and bite him hard. He has to let go. He laughs and says She taught you right. I have both his elbows in my one hand and have my other hand free to fight" him. We laugh. I am pressed up to him. He says you got me in a belly press. It feels good and sexy to both of us. Now "Mom" is outside again and up an embankment to the fence. She comes back into the barn and says. I don't like it out there. Something's wrong. So I now hold a rifle or shotgun. The three of us begin to sneak across the barn to the house to see what's up. Even the horse gets down low to the ground and sneaks across. As we get to the outer porch area, I see an ugly bad guy holding my grandparents hostage. He has a gun on them. Granddad is bloodied. We peak in the kitchen door and see two more bad guys. They see us and one comes out to threaten us. I hold the barrel of the gun right at his lower abdomen. He grins at me because I have courage, but he doesn't believe I have the strength to do it. I aggressively poke at him to make him go back in. A man hands me his business card. Something about Commuters. Real Estate Express. They are stealing our land. They are strong and many. We are overpowered by them. But we fight strong and good.