I'm trying to get a truck to start; I'm at a small parking lot by the side of a dirt road, with a short open fence. There are some other people around, none of them are helping me. I need to push it to get it to start, but there's a slight upgrade in the road and I think I'm stuck. I wish somebody would come along and push it for me - it would take a truck, I'm picturing somebody in a U-Haul, rented, maybe they'd think they shouldn't do it. I'm in the Philippines, Manila; on some kind of business trip, but Dad &amp; my stepmother live here and I wonder if I should go visit them. Right now I'm out wandering, sort of sightseeing. There's not much to see, around here anyway - I'm staying in an area near the airport (or train station) and there's mostly hotels and American-style restaurants, so I'm looking for real Filipino stuff. I've been with some other people but they've taken the bus back to the hotel, they weren't keen on this area, it's not exactly nice. I'm concerned myself - I keep my eyes open for dangerous-looking people. I'm thinking about something to eat, and there are food places around, not American-style, which sounds interesting. I go up to the counter of one stand and talk to the man there, looking at his menu. He's pretty nice to me, we talk about the area and he explains some things on the menu, I start to order something, and suddenly realize I don't have any cash on me. Can he take traveller's checks? He says yes, but by now I decide I'd better go back to the hotel - I'm not sure about this food, don't know if it would agree with me. While we're talking, though, the bus has come through the area - right off the street, yet - and gone. I'll have a wait. I go along, past some office buildings, and run into a disturbance. A lot of people are running away from something, and there's some shouting and sirens - I learn that there's a huge fire just on the other side of this block, behind these buildings. I figure I'd better get away too, so I turn and go, noticing the smoke roiling up behind the building, and the tops of flames, or flickering firelight. I can see, through gaps between buildings, the vehicles and people moving over there - there's music coming from over there, too, and I recognize the tune from a network news show. They must have a crew there. Good grief. Must be some fire to have all these news people there. I go on, not far away, to Dad &amp; My stepmother's house. I knock, and they answer - surprised to see me, but only because it's unexpected. I go in and chat away, about the fire and the news people - I mention the music - I follow Dad down the hall into the den. There's a tired-looking orange square-cushioned couch. I ask if I can stay the night; I don't think I'll be able to get back with all the commotion. They say okay, why not? I figure the couch won't be all that comfortable, but what the hell. (Maybe I should call the hotel and tell them I won't be using the room tonight, and they won't charge me for it - but no, my luggage is still there, never mind.)