["Just had a baby, looking for my granmere."]  I have two rooms and I have lots of stuff in both rooms. And I am packing things up and I go from one room to the other to pack up lots of clothes and papers and things. And then I'm go apparently to M City but on the way I stop at a candy factory store. I'm in my wheelchair and I go into the building and I look at the displays of candy and so on.  I had gone the accessible way but I decide to go back through the front, where everybody else goes. This required  going on an escalator. This is exciting. The escalator went up and all of a sudden at the top, there was this drop off and no hand rails so I looked down and I could see there was the tip of another escalator there so, I went on to that and hanging on to the round and metal handrails on the left side and I did that 2 or 3 times. Each time, I'm not quite sure the escalator will be there underneath me. Each time it was. The last escalator was a series of black padded steps that rotate and drop you from one step to another. Pretty exciting. At the bottom I see some people were watching. One had a video camera and I thought that was cool. I'm trying to find my way out to the front door and some woman dropped her bag of candies and they're all over the floor and a clerk was trying to help clean it up. It was a liquidy mess. She asks what kind of candy is this. The woman told her, because they are going to replace the candies. Now I'm not in a wheelchair because I am barefoot and am going to tip toe through the mess. Without getting any of the mess on me. Now I'm going down a long aisle like in a store. I'm in my wheelchair again. Behind me I see Mabel and Dominic. Dominic looks terrible, like he's balding and like he's had cancer. He looks old and pale. I yell behind me. Mabel, Dominic, Hi. I've had a baby. Come see.  They say hi, but they don't really stop. A woman says hello did you have any luck finding GranMere Madeleine? And I realized that a year ago I was in this store looking for information about my great grandmother. And I'm embarrassed to tell her I had done nothing with the information for the past year.  I wondered if I would see someone I had met doing that search. I say, well, take a look at my baby.  She pokes my belly and I say that hurts. I just had a baby 2 days ago.  Look at my baby and reach into my handbag. The baby is so tiny that it's cradleboard is the memo notepad like the one Dwight and Corinne gave me for my birthday. So the baby's like and inch to 2 inches in total  length. I pick it up and turn it over with some concern. Hopefully the baby is still breathing. I wasn't paying much attention to it. I had kind of stuffed it into the handbag without much attention to it. But it is OK, and the baby is sleeping. I hold it in my hand to show it off and they all ooh and Ah. Then I head on out the door. I see  the van. To the left appears my mother and father in a lovely red convertible sports car and they are going to  drive with me and my old van and them in their lovely sports car in tandem to M City.