I'm in a room that reminds me of (but definitely isn't) the living room of the house on A Street. I am there because I live there or at least it belongs to me and I spend time there, and I am on vacation or something. It's afternoon and I remember how the light looked and my cousin came to see me for a visit, as though to let me in on some news or just for fun. I don't know of anything else that happened, but it did involve him lying around on the floor very much the way I do. Very comfortable and casual and warm - that is, that's the way I was feeling. So there's a Training going on, and the room reminds me a bit of school, like a school auditorium. The light is greenish, daylight, morning. The staff wasn't sitting behind tables but in rows of chairs. It was still early - we were instructed to go up on the stage, and we did, but they weren't quite organized and we were standing there for a while. Very informal and chummy. Later I left for a break and went (home?) somewhere away, not a restaurant, for more time than a dinner break. Pete Townsend was with me and maybe some other people. (He wasn't on the team.) Don't know what was going on there, but when it was time to go back we had an errand to run - stopped at a sort of store on a sort of small-town main street. We were going inside and this guy who was with us burst out at me - I don't know what about - and said he was arresting me and getting a peace bond on me. I was shocked but didn't know what it was about except that he was angry at the effect I was having on the group of people that P.T. was involved with. In any case, he keeps me with him and we may have gone inside and come back out again. The place reminds me rather of a dry-goods store, with rows of waist-high bins, and a counter along the side. On the way out, P.T. takes the guy aside and says something very stern and final-sounding in French. I knew it was French but I don't understand it and that was the reason he was using it, so that I wouldn't be embarrassed or have to hear something I wouldn't want to. The guy said something back in French but shorter. P.T. just looked at him like he was disgusted and all through, and took me outside. We got in the car and were driving back - I was still kind of stunned and found he was talking to me - he was explaining something about the incident, and that he could do without this other guy, who I think had been his friend; but he couldn't do without me. He looked at me and said very firmly, "I need you". I was overwhelmed and leaned over to him and he pulled me over for a hug. At some point I was concerned that we weren't going to get back to the Training in time because of stopping for an errand, and I thought there might turn out to be another and another, the way I do it.