["A Sad Story of Love and Betrayal, 1940's style"]  I watch a young woman and I am sort of the young woman. We live in an apartment building. My room is sort of open to the hall. I have a single bed and it faces a wall partition that has a box on it, with things from the previous owner on it. The place is cluttered. I am cleaning up. I open a box with magazines in it I had been saving for a long time. I open one magazine. I see cut out pictures of a cute dog. It is black and white. It is called a pop eyed dog. I like the picture but resist keeping it. I throw it away, even though I think it is cute. I see the box on the wall has holes in it and look in. There are shelves in there with lots of stuff on them. I start rearranging things. I fold up a cardboard cutout of a miniature piece of furniture. I think it is a dresser. I see framed pictures on the wall. I don't particularly like them. They were left by the previous owner and I never bothered to take them down. A man comes into my area. I try to ignore him. I don't like him. He lives in a neighboring apartment. I see him sit on a bed next to mine and I watch as he does stretching exercises. I see he has a thick build, like Ernest Borgnine. But his legs are very thin and lacking muscle, like a para. He is dressed in a T-shirt and his boxer shorts.  I roll under the bed to pretend to sleep and avoid him. Now I am walking down the hall of this old 1940's style apartment building. The neighbor man is attracted to me and calls me into his room on some pretense. After we are in there, he unbuttons my dress and exposes my breasts. I the dreamer is looking on. I am surprised to see her breasts are so small, they are practically non existent. The man wants to fondle her. She is upset and runs out of the room to escape. She runs across the hall and into the bedroom of another man who is sleeping. She kind of likes him. He has been kind to her. He is in bed sleeping and she crawls in beside him saying in sobs, can I sleep here? He is surprised. I the dreamer is surprised and pleased to see it is the actor Al Pacino playing a role of a working class man. He has a gap in his teeth. I am delighted with his acting skills of taking on this unusual role for him. He at first assumes she wants sex and tries to touch her breasts. She is curled up and says no. I just want to sleep here. He sees she is upset and allows her to lie there as he comforts her. Meanwhile, I see the father coming down the hall. He is going to find them sleeping together and assume the worst. He is going to go after the man and force him away. It is a sad story.