["Another time, swept away."]  My brother Dwight and I are on a raft in some river. We are right next to the bank, which goes straight up like a cliff. There is a canopy roof over us. I notice beautiful waterfalls, like sheets of running water over the face of the cliff and point them out to Dwight. Then I suddenly realize we are in danger. The water is increasing. One sprouts up right next to us. I yell to Dwight to help me get the raft out from under the canopy before the water rises suddenly. We just barely get out in time. We are moving downstream when a wall of water comes washing down  and over us. It pushes the raft and us over a cliff into a huge lake. It is so big that I can't see the land anywhere. Then I see smoke stacks way off to the left. Then I see some houses with spires on them and cars near by on the right. I think to myself that there can't be cars here because somehow we had traveled back in time. The cars disappear. We move to the dock near the houses. And get out on land. A young man comes up and an older couple. They are dressed like in the 1600's. Pilgrims sort of. They are upset that I am wearing pants. I go back to the raft and find a dress, it's not in their style, but it's a dress. They ask us to come in. We do so. A plump woman asks us if we are married and I laugh and say no. She is shocked and faints. I then hastily explain we are brother and sister. This is a very religious family. We are now eating dinner with them. They finish and say they will now go have a family prayer meeting. We are left at the table alone. The young man peeks in from the door to the outside and asks us to meet with his friends secretly outside. They have some secret revolutionary group going. We go out. The steps are very steep and at the bottom, the young man catches me in his arms. We cling to each other, very attracted to each other. Then we scramble over a small hill and hide with the others. Now I see three geeky men, dressed like cowboys. The are standing in a row by a fence. One comes up to me. He wants to kiss me out of curiosity. I see the young man jealously watching and I decide I want to make him jealous. I agree to the kiss, but the young man is angry now and comes over to grab me from the man's arms. We embrace  and cling to each other fiercely. He professes his love and now sad and lonely he will be when I return from where ever I came from. We are deeply in love and sad.