["Western Penguins and my father the streaker"]  I am at a festival and get a table. I decide to leave my bowl of potato salad and my three forks there as place savers. A woman tries to take my spaces but I explain I am saving them for two other people and myself. She is annoyed, but moves on. So now I am walking down a sidewalk toward the music and fun. I see a fake tavern and go in to watch the silly old west melodramas they put on there. Then I leave and walk on. I am in another structure, now with Charla. We sit. I am in my wheelchair now. We think we are sitting where the entertainment will be seen, but it turns out we are wrong. So we move to a better viewing spot. Lots of people mill around. My father comes up to me. I am delighted to see him and we hug. There is some activity outside and we look. It is a bunch of horses and then people dressed as old west penguins are getting off the horses and coming toward that tavern. I tell my father this is a melodrama. It will be fun to watch. My father gets a gleam in his eye and says playfully, I can still do that (meaning singing), as a group of old time singers are doing a barbershop quartet kind of thing, with their arm outstretched toward the audience. My father suddenly rips off his shirt and runs naked to the waist into the group and gets on bended  knee to sing with them but they freeze in shock and go silent. This makes my father very conspicuous. I feel sad for him and embarrassed. I walk over toward the tavern. One of the players sees me and decides to lasso me in a hangman's noose and incorporate me into this drama. I play along. Another player joins us. We do play dialog for awhile and then just chat. I tell him I am an actress. Oh, professional? They ask. I say well, no. I used to write these scripts and.. They interrupt. I see the red head friend of Leighanne who is in commercials go by. I say I know her. As I am leaving the men, I turn and say, by the way, that was my father who joined your show. He just wanted to harmonize and have fun. But you just froze up. Too bad. They stare at me incredulously as I walk away from them.