I'm in Africa with a group [probably for a Training - similar premise], and we're at the end of what we're doing. I'm going on to another city in a couple of days on my own, for a festival, it's going to be lots of fun. A couple of us are going off on an errand in a taxi, we're very jolly, and there's another man sharing. He's got some money in his hand, and he gives it to me, saying something about a nice thing happening to him, and somebody else should share. I'm flabbergasted, but I take it, oh yes, very grateful. It's a sort of unkempt handful of bills, various denominations, and I have an idea it may add up to quite a lot. Wow. This is very disconcerting. I wonder if I can really keep it, or should I give to the Training? Is that expected of me? But he just gave it to me - I figure it can be all mine. I don't count it while the man is here, that would be impolite... We go on to our destination and back, then I count it. It's not as much as I'd thought - not hundreds - but still it'll do for helping me with some new clothes for my excursion. I'm telling a friend about it back at the Training, when I realize - whoops! I'm going in only two days! How did it get so close? How am I going to get ready in time? I've got lots of arrangements to make! [The next part is sort of mixed up with a movie I may be watching.] In the other city, I'm staying in an apartment that used to be something else, maybe a stablehouse or something. It's going to be renovated later, and fixed up nice. I'm telling someone else about this, saying, "Just think about how this will look - won't it be nice?" I've got a takeout meal - probably Indian, it's soupy, like a curry, and I'm dumping it out on a plate. It's got meat in it, I'd forgotten about that - but oh, never mind, I can just pull the pieces out. There's even a big piece of bacon, and I think to myself, they just can't help themselves, have to put bacon in everything, don't they? (Meaning the English.) This woman who's been staying here for a long time, with her sister I think, is due to go home soon. She's dressed rather Victorian, high-necked white blouse, long skirt, high-button shoes, hair up in a big roll. Something's going on in the area that a man is responsible for, and there's going to be an election. She decides to stay and run for office so she can oppose him. (This is a movie, I think.)