["Monsters From Inside and Unrequited Love"]  A young woman is very unhappy. She is in love and her man left her. She is distraught. A woman friend and I watch her closely, concerned she will try to kill herself in her distress. She climbs up a large tree with a full canopy, scrambling from branch to branch. I say to my friend that we should get her down from there. I grab her as she passes and pull her out of the tree. She is upset with me. I sit her down and start talking to her. I say, Now listen to me. I am a counselor and have learned a few things also in my own life. You feel that what is happening to you has only ever happened to just you. It is universal. There are three things that can happen when the inevitable happens and two people's eyes meet and they fall in love. One is that the other does not return the love and you will have unrequited love. The second is that they will love you and you do not return their love and they have unrequited love. The third is that you both fall in love and all is well. So you see, it just happens. And you figure out how to live with it. Later, I see Mabel wandering around. She comes into the room I am in not noticing that a large killing monster is around. I grab her and tell her about the danger. She doesn't seem to be concerned, like she is deaf to the reality. I and several other people are preparing to fight off the monster. I have a knife. Another has a rifle. The monster comes in. The real danger is the small entity that lives in the monster. I have to get it out of the monster and kill it before it gets us. Somehow we get the monster laid down on the floor and I use my knife to cut papers shavings to start a fire to burn it. The monster pays no attention to me. I find a lighter and start the fire. One large square eye opens then. I have the monster's attention. I try to stab it with the knife but the blade falls off the handle. I wish now I had the rifle as it is the real weapon that will work against the small entity inside. The monster now laughs at me and I see a larger more scary monster approaching me from the hall. It is the really dangerous one coming after me. I look around for the man with the rifle hoping I can get it.