["Outer Space and Quiet love"]  I am a part of a team that is flying to another planet to either spy on or help them with a new energy system. The leader is a nice man like Glenn F. We are in a spaceship. We arrive at a planet and go to the university. Several young women are with us as volunteers to the project.  They want to go get  some lunch. I say there are lots of places to eat, but you have to pay for your own food. This upsets one woman, with dark hair. She thinks the project should pay for their entire way. I say that would be too expensive. I walk with them down a hall to a cafeteria area.  Glenn comes up to me and we talk. We are going to find the leader of the planet and get or give information on this dynamic energy system. Then Glenn gently kisses me, almost like a accident. I am a bit surprised., but enjoy it. We chat and he kisses me again. I wonder if he is just being friendly or if he is attracted to me. I hope he is attracted to me because I really like him. Now he sits on a couch. Another man is already seated there. It is a three cushion couch and  I go over to sit near Glenn. I ask the other man to scoot over and make room for me. He grumbles and says that would require him to get up and go change clothes. I look at him, waiting. He sighs and gets up. I sit close to Glenn. He kisses me again, this time with more lingering feeling. It is gentle and sweet. Now he is going to walk me home. I am now in my wheelchair and we chat as we walk down the hall. We come to the door of my apartment. He has some studying to do and so he comes in to lay on my couch and study. At the door, I get up out of my wheelchair and walk in. I am trying to show him that I can walk like an able-bodied person and maybe he'll find me more attractive. My daughter Ellie is there and she quickly sees that he and I want to be alone. She excuses herself to the other room. I walk over to the couch and sit next to him. I ask him if he's a fast reader or a slow reader. I am trying to help him study better. I seem to think he has a learning disability and is a bit slow with school work, although he is an intelligent person. He says he has some trouble but not much. Now it's time for him to go. I walk him out the door and down the hall. We pause and say goodbye. I turn and walk back to my apartment door. He calls to me and comes back. He then says will I go see a movie with him on Sunday. I smile, and inwardly I feel very happy and excited. I say yes, I'd like that. He smiles, walks away and I close the door, and hear him shout All Right!! Which is what I am inwardly shouting myself. I am very happy.