I'm with Dr Who [Tom Baker] and a boy; we're in a small place with some other people, and the Doctor is doing an experiment that will demonstrate something, or help something, and we're not sure it's done yet. The boy has a tube of some kind in his stomach - it's in a metal shaft-fixture, and I'd say the tube itself is at least a foot long - part of it goes up inside of him, and the whole thing folds up so it doesn't stick out. The experiment is with something inside the tube, and you have to break it to get it out. Dr Who holds the fixture and carefully breaks the glass. I have to help him get the glass shards out - I scoop them up gently with both hands, and he holds his other hand out and I put the broken bits in it; then he throws them away. Shortly I've picked the bits from around the thing inside, and he takes that out to examine it. I think the results are inconclusive. The boy wants to go home, he's not willing to wait any longer, and even though we're not done, he goes. [I don't know how he gets there, but we are like the Doctor's other companions, he lives somewhere away from wherever we are now - probably on another planet. Wherever that is, he knows how to go there and does.] The Doctor is concerned because of the broken bits of the glass tube left in the boy's stomach. So we go after him. Before we get there, I can see the scene: He arrives in his family's house - his mother is there, she's got on a long skirt and a long-sleeved blouse, and an apron - her hair is up in a bun. She's nice, youngish, busy. Also he has a baby sister, she's very lively, running around, into everything, quite cute, blond, pink cheeks. The room makes me think it's almost a log cabin, on the rustic side, the room I see has got hardly any furniture in it. His mother barely greets him at all - you'd think she didn't even know he was gone. She leaves him to watch the baby - who needs a lot of watching - and goes into another room. [We arrive, and I don't know what brings us to the next scene, but we've all gone somewhere else and he's needing to call home before we leave where we are now - all part of our adventure.] We're at this public telephone, which also has other functions - perhaps it's also an ATM - and it has a different setup from your usual telephone keypad. The face is silver and the buttons are concave like real public phones, though. He's given me the number, and I'm trying to do it, but we're losing the light and I can't see the numbers, and I keep punching the wrong ones because they're in the wrong places. I'm trying to concentrate very hard - I get the number I need straight, and then try to focus on the numbers on the keypad and get them clear before pressing, and finally I get all but the last one and then I've got it, just right, and still when I get my finger up there I hit the wrong one because my finger made me lose my focus. I'm very frustrated and anxious. We've got to get away from here, time is passing. It's almost too dark to see now.