I'm walking out sort of in the country, or the edge of town, intending to get somewhere but seeing all nice things around - the sky, trees, all that, feeling quite perky. I'm taking a different street because it's interesting. It gets very steep - I'm thinking while climbing up it about a situation in an earlier part of the dream, where the exercise group I work out with wants to split up. Part of us are gonna stay where we are, and part move out north somewhere to the edge of town, which will include Gail's - I'm really torn whether I want to go out there with them or stay where I am, which is a great deal more convenient - where I'm used to. They're gonna expect me to make a decision. The sidewalk starts out going by something like a hotel - a big single building, very nicely done, landscaping, set back from the road a bit - nothing on the other side of the street, but there's a regular sidewalk - I pass that up, walking by some houses - it gets steeper &amp; steeper, to the point where I'm just climbing, using my hands even. I guess I might be able to straighten up - I rather doubt it. I'm passing by trees, all that. I keep thinking I'm gonna get to the top - I could turn around &amp; go back of course - I do want to come to a stopping point. When I've gotten up there, there's a house, &amp; I go inside, apparently because I'm supposed to or because it's normal to, but something has changed completely. I see a woman (I have turned into a male policeman, who's married to or was married to the woman who lives here - I used to live here too. There's some people in the front of the house who don't know me and have been inquiring why I want to see her - whether it's ok or not. But I do go back and talk to her, particularly about a TV set and whether or not I should keep it or she should. It's rather awkward but it shouldn't be - it doesn't need to be, we've agreed on what we were gonna do, and I'm not gonna try to persuade her to do anything else. Previously something to do with that exercise class - I believe just watching it - I don't know whether I've been participating with this one or not. The one I'm seeing is a very large group of women rehearsing some kind of dance routine. I suppose it must be an exercise routine because that's what they're there for but it really is, as much as anything, a dance routine. It's rather complicated - they've just run through the last few bits, finished up with a difficult maneuver, it ends up in a kind of lunge-squat, and I'm thinking that would be very hard for me. They decide - somebody decides - they should they should vote on it, whether or not to keep this piece in the routine or not, because it is rather difficult. They decide as a majority that they will keep it in, but I can see that some part of the group thinks its too difficult (or looks as though they think it is). They're divided - there're 2 groups, one in the front, and a kind of aisle, and I don't know if they divided up intentionally that way, or why there's a partition, but there just is.