I'm downtown at the library - they're having a birthday party for me, it seems like, and we're just finishing up - people are milling around chatting with each other. There's sweets all over the place and I have just met this young man - he's probably in his 20's, somewhat good-looking, I like him, he's fun - reminds me a good bit of Russ. He's wanting to know a good place to go and eat lunch. Someone has suggested to him a restaurant just outside of downtown (which I don't hear named but it appears they're talking about the Dixie) and he needs to know how to get there. I start to tell him only I'm not doing too well at it verbally, so I want a map. I look around and what I find is some sketchy little map that shows you downtown but not the individual streets. I despair of showing him on that - we're just not getting very far. I decide I'd better find a Mapsco - can't find the one that's supposed to be around here, so I go and get the one in my car. People are around; some are taking home their leftovers and some handing them to me, so I've got like a box with leftover cookies in it, and bits of pie and cake and whatnot. We're still having a conversation along the way and I'm thinking I quite like him - I've been in this situation before, where here's a nice young man, that I might actually be flirting with and want to have a relationship with - if I was (a) younger and (b) slimmer, and surprised that he's being as chatty as he is, and wondering if he does have something on his mind - which would surprise me, but you know the behavior is there. And he's trying to have a conversation with me while other people are trying to chat with me as well and we meet them on the way out. Now, the car is in a garage in the back yard - of course the library has no back yard, but now they do, and it's sunny outside. There's hedges all around - the situation is very much like a Sunday after church in summer. So: I am needing to get somewhere eventually, but also wanting to talk to this guy. There's an appointment I need to get to - I get in the car &amp; fetch out the Mapsco and put the stuff I'm carrying on the dashboard. I start to show him where it is - he's looking a bit impatient with me, and finally in a kind of frustration he's yanking me aside and saying, "Look, I want to sleep with you" - which was kind of abrupt but, well, gets the point across - and then I'm astonished, of course, &amp; have no idea what to say to him. So we go back inside and talk some more sitting on the floor in front of some chairs. There's other people sort of casually about - it's more like somebody's living room now, and there's a book under the chair I'm sitting in front of and I can see it suddenly. I realize it's something I had been missing and needed to take with me wherever it is that I'm going. So I do - I decide that it's time I went, so I get my book and my other stuff &amp; go on. I'm going to a psychotherapist's office I guess - she seems to be a psychotherapist in the way she behaves (I'm not sure that the whole situation is that way) and I am like half an hour late or more, and she's kind of reluctant to even see me because after all I've barely got time to even get started before she's got another client - but I sit there and we talk anyway. I seem to have a problem - a specific problem that needs addressing - it's hard to say whether it's serious or not from this vantage point - but she is certainly taking it seriously, and I seem not to be taking it seriously since after all, I'm this late.