I am walking down a church hallway looking for the room where several of us are going to have a church service, even though we are all different religions. I can't find the room, then I find it. But just then, I am aware of an odd snoring sound I make when I am breathing, that comes and goes. I decide I will go to the bathroom. I return down the hall, now being followed by Glenn Ford. He is attracted to me and we talk together. I explain I am having difficulties with this odd noise in my breathing. He says he has the same problem. Now I am in the bathroom and I sit on the toilet only to see Glenn Ford seated on a small couch. I am embarrassed and say I didn't know you were in the room. He says I'm sorry. But it's OK. We chat. Now I get up and I want to finish dressing. I ask him to leave for a moment. He steps out into the hall. Then I realize he has his shirt stuffed into the top of a dress I had been wearing, all balled up in his arms. I open the door and ask him to come back in with the dress. Then we stand close together trying to separate his shirt out of my dress. It is warm and friendly and fun. I like him very much. I realize I need to go to the bathroom again. I am glad we have decided to go to the same hospital together to figure out what is wrong with us. I try to blow my nose to clear the nose but that only makes it hard to breath. We leave, intending to be in the same hospital ward together. We are scared about the odd physical problem and happy to  be together. I am walking down a church hallway looking for the room where several of us are going to have a church service, even though we are all different religions. I can't find the room, then I find it. But just then, I am aware of an odd snoring sound I make when I am breathing, that comes and goes. I decide I will go to the bathroom. I return down the hall, now being followed by Glenn Ford. He is attracted to me and wee talk together. I explain I am having difficulties with this odd noise in my breathing. He says he has the same problem. Now I am in the bathroom and I sit on the toilet only to see Glenn Ford seated on a small couch. I am embarrassed and say I didn't know you were in the room. He says I'm sorry. But it's OK. We chat. Now I get up and I want to finish dressing. I ask him to leave for a moment. He steps out into the hall. Then I realize he has his shirt stuffed into the top of a dress I had been wearing, all balled up in his arms. I open the door and ask him to come back in with the dress. Then we stand close together trying to separate his shirt out of my dress. It is warm and friendly and fun. I like him very much. I realize I need to go to the bathroom again. I am glad we have decided to go to the same hospital together to figure out what is wrong with us. I try to blow my nose to clear the nose but that only makes it hard to breath. We leave, intending to be in the same hospital ward together. We are scared about the odd physical problem and happy to  be together.