I walk into a store. I like it and decide to buy it. There are art and craft items. A man named Tom comes in and he wants to set up shop with adaptive devices for the disabled. He and his friends are very enthused. The old owner leaves and I am trying to figure out where things are and just what I have for sale. Lots of people seem to be wandering in and out. I am not selling anything. So I begin to look around to see what I now own. I see a Carl's Jr. booth being built. I see a double bed near a fireplace. Apparently I will live in the store as well. I see drawers and open them. I find art work and crafts. They re quite beautiful. I show them to my mother who is envious of the fine work. A salesman comes in to sell me some fix it tools. I decide not to buy anything yet until I know what I have and what is selling. A woman comes in to interview me as the new owner. I tell her I am surprised to be here, since I only arrived in this coastal town at 7:15 am and a half hour later I bought this shop. I am a bit surprised at myself for the impulsive choice. She asks me how I am being treated, being a woman manager. I say some of the men are surprised and condescending, but it's too early to tell yet. Now I go to the register counter area and there are children and people sitting there. I ask them to leave as this is my work area. The children tell me they are waiting for their parents who are helping me with the store. So I say OK, you can stay. Now a sweet baby girl is there wearing a cute pink outfit. She is cuddly and plump. I pick her up and tickle her, doing raspberry sounds on her tummy. She laughs and we are having a good time. Now I notice there are more rooms in the back and I go explore. I find a bird shop where I apparently own cocktails, some rare peach colored ones that are very expensive. I see baby birds also. A petting zoo. I go into the next room. It has two single beds, a shower and things accessible for the disabled. I think this will be a good place to live, so I can save the $340 a month for rent in the new apartment I got. Apparently my mother and I own the store. I own half of it and she owns one quarter. But I think she is going home soon. I find yet another room with lovely wooden bookshelves on one wall. I look out the window and the back area is a muddy mess and ugly. I close the shades. I enter the next room and realize I've entered the next shop. The owner, a man, comes to me and introduces himself, saying He is sorry he didn't greet me sooner. He did indeed notice my arrival but was waiting. We greet one another.