I am in a large auditorium, sitting in the first few rows. Two or three lesbian women come around me, teasing me. They are challenging me to kiss and hug them. I smile and say this is not a problem. I feel comfortable, knowing I am not a lesbian. One woman kisses me. It is friendly. I laugh. They give up and go away. Now the people around me are part of a performing troupe I belong to. Kevin Kline is there and I don't like him. He is teasing me too. I am annoyed with him. He gives me a glass of champagne and I accept the challenge and drink it. I become giggly drunk pretty fast. Kevin takes advantage of this and playfully gathers me up in his arms and kisses me. I happily put my arms around him, giggling. We kiss, enjoying each other. An older man, like Capt. Picard, is the leader of our acting group. He wants us to the group to perform. Kevin gets up and walks across a long expanse of lawn. I watch him go, and then want to find him. I get up and run toward him. He jumps out from a small hill where he had been hiding. He and I suddenly make love. He enters me and I feel both of us have orgasm. A small group of people are standing near by, watching us. We don't care. Now the acting group is getting ready to do one more performance for a women's group. The small audience is coming into the auditorium. The actors are up on stage getting ready. I decide I will not join them this performance. I had not brought my script and I don't think I can remember the lines. I sit in the audience, watching. A blind woman, one of the actors is doing her act when she suddenly comes up to the edge of the stage and looks like she will fall over the edge. I know it's a part of her act and laugh when the audience rush up to save her. They realize the joke and gather up at the edge of the stage with great interest to watch more closely. Derek is there in the group as well. I regret now not being a part of the group. But now a woman has a strange boat that looks like a log hooked onto another log. I sit on the side log and she drives the other log as we race across the water, narrowly missing a tree. She is a good driver and we race back and forth having fun. Now it is fine with me I am not performing with the group. The woman makes a mistake and I am dumped into the water. I swim around. This is not a problem.