       Before I go I figure I will go into this side room and do a kind of meditation ritual which involves spreading a sort of blanket (or maybe it's a robe of some kind) and setting a little altar sort of thing, and I'm starting to do that. But the owner is also setting up something in this room - it might be a barbecue pit or something like that - he and one of his sons maybe or another relative, are bustling around carrying things and setting them up in the middle and he's pretty oblivious to me. I guess that I could be going on doing what I'm doing for all of him, but I'm definitely uncomfortable carrying on with it - I think that I might, I guess, but I realize there's no way I can meditate with this going on. So I pack up my stuff and I'm thinking maybe I'll do it at home - not the best way to do it but I'll do it. Now right after this (or between the house and the hardware store, but I think it's after) I stop by a place where there are people I know (I don't think it's the hardware store family but it might be) and there is a young girl that's a friend of mine - she has bought a puzzle game that she's wanting everybody to do and before I go she wants me to put a piece of the puzzle in - she hands me one and says, "There ya go - go ahead - you put this one in, this is where we are!" and she shows me the picture of how it's supposed to look. I figure where it's supposed to go and I put it in and then I grab another one and put it in, and suddenly of course I've got jigsaw-puzzle fever. My piece looked like a corner - like land on a map next to water, but it was definitely a right angle [but?] that was supposed to be where we are - and I can see a piece that looks like a part of New England - like New Jersey or Maine or something like that, maybe New York, and I'm thinking, okay, this is a map of New England. But it's not really and as I keep putting things together bit by bit it turns out that it's not just that but it's the whole United States - how did I miss that? That's really strange. I've got the thing mostly put together, and I realize - and my friend does too - that if I keep on going like this, her family's not going to have any parts to put into it, and it's embarrassing. But at the same time I want to finish it, oh, just got a few more pieces! But the better part of valor is to take it all apart and let the family do it - someone comes in, a man who is familiar but I don't know who he is now, maybe he's an actor or some other personality, don't think somebody I really know, I think he's the dad here, and he makes some joke about taking it all apart because he doesn't know why I put it all together in the first place. So I pull all the pieces apart and put them back in the box. Now, there's also a scene from a time before the house with Gail in it, I think - it seems to be gone - I am in another house with another group of people and there's a big metal shelving unit with things on it that falls over and falls right on a glass-topped coffee table. I can see it start to go and I realize it's going to break the thing to smithereens if it lands there, but there isn't anything that I can do about it while it slowly keels over and goes kablam. There's pieces of glass everywhere and everybody's gonna have to help clean it up and we're gonna have to be careful, of course, not to get cut by the glass.