My "boyfriend" like Nate has organized a surprise party for me. I am dressed up in my blue velvet dress and looking beautiful. There is a circle of many friends as I come in, walking. They wildly applaud me. Behind them is a huge audience also applauding. I am happily surprised. They give me a standing ovation. I open my arms up in a grand gesture and walk around accepting the applause. And now the party becomes a daily celebration and it's sort of a church. I am the leader. A young man sits next to me at the table thrilled to be near me. Now I go to the big room to supervise the activities of the congregation. Some people are bringing in used objects from their homes to be given to others so they can be reused and useful. I am pointing out where to put the various projects. All of them are for helping other people. Later I am one of the citizens who come in to the police station to throw rocks at the helmeted heads of the criminals. A criminal is brought into a cage area and he pokes his head out of a hole. The helmet is to protect him from head injury. The purpose of this activity is to determine if he is guilty or not. If I hit him, he is guilty. I happen to be a talented thrower. A police officer watches and is very impressed with my skill. He admires me and is falling in love with me. I am happily married to Nate with several babies to raise and love my life. I now need to go to my baseball game. He comes with me. I drive down a long lane with grass expanses on the side of it. The game is at the University. I turn a corner and notice a drop off into a pond. I mention to him that my volunteers will fix that.. I make a note to remind myself on a tape recorder. I am  aware of how efficient I am. I reach over the seat to get my baseball uniform. It brings me closer to the man. He yearns for me. I get out of the car and hurriedly change. He watches me and is sexually aroused. I go play a terrific game of baseball. Then I rush back to the church to do my duties there. I am  very happy, very constantly busy and very excellent at whatever I do.