I am some sort of clerk, perhaps a messenger [...?] and I have files or some kind of papers to take to Bob Costas who is some kind of elected official. He is in some kind of house or building some litttle distance away from where I am. It's a very nice old building - the way you'd like old buildings or offices to be - has that dark wood, long hallways, heavy doors, molding, all that. I go through on the first floor - I know people in here - and I know Bob too, not very well, especially - certainly well enough to drop in on him, and exchange greetings and whatnot, when I bring these papers. But today he's sick - maybe he has the flu, he's very sick indeed and there's a bed in there - the building may not always have been a government building in the first place, but in any case there's a little room that he's in that has a bed in it - there's nothing at all unusual about that, because after all sometimes even a government official might need to lie down or he might be sick. I pass by that room - I stop and talk to his secretary, who will take the papers and see that they get handled, and she's just telling me that it would be best not to disturb him right now. I go into the hall only a few feet away and sit down in a chair to wait for the papers to get handled. (The next thing I know about) l have left there and I guess I've gone home, but wherever, I've been informed - I think by telephone - that Bob Costas has died. This is a shock and disappointment to everybody - he's really well liked, he's a really nice guy, and I'm thinking particularly of Judy Early - she's a particular friend of his, she and her husband. I'm supposed to see her later myself, and she calls me and she doesn't know that I know yet, and I can hear the sadness in her voice, and she mentions it and I say, "Yes, I already know - I'm terribly sorry", so we reschedule our meeting for another time. Chris is also here - I think he just stopped by for a visit and I tell him that I'm gonna go out and do something else. I think I still have some sort of business to take care of. But in any case, where I go next is a kind of amusement place. What I see is a sort of lobby with a hostess-type person in it, and food service, drink service, and waitresses and whatnot - they're in sort of little costumes, the theme is more or less middle European. I don't know what else there is to do, but there's this thing that's not exactly a ride, it's a place where can you walk down on it and be very high up in the air - it's a thrill sort of thing. I decide I'm gonna do this - I've got a drink in my hand as well - not supposed to be dangerous of course, but it's the sort of thing people get nervous about. I'm certainly nervous to some extent - I have a mixture of feelings, where I'm still sad about Bob and wanting to be on my own and kind of reflective, and at the same time I think it would be helpful to be out on this thing, where there could be some other element in my feelings - where I could (?) a kind of stimulus - a bit of external excitement. As I say, I've got a drink of some kind &amp; go to the entrance of the thing, and meet up with Dirk Kirk - he works here, I don't know in what capacity, but I had said I wanted to talk to him, and he comes along. Brenda is somewhere not far behind, but Dirk comes up &amp; we visit for a bit. I am really wanting to carry on an extended conversation but it turns out he can't go out on this thing because he's an employee. Of course he's got stuff to do - I think his job is as usual some sort of less-than-thrilling, less-than-impressive job but he certainly wants to keep it, and there are people who will notice if he's not doing what he's supposed to be doing. He's kind of tentative about spending so much time talking to me already. We exchange a few bits of information - I tell him about Bob and he tells me how things are going with him &amp; Brenda and of course tries to make things very up-and-up, very cheerful, &amp; Brenda comes along with a friend of hers and sorta waits &amp; doesn't say much - an air of vague disapproval - nothing too exotic. I go ahead take my leave of them and go on out to this thing. You sort of step onto this thing very much like a terrace, that goes down gradually - there's a bit of walkway with a wood railing - you can sit on built-in benches - and the thing is, as you walk along, the thing shakes, it feels rickety indeed. Now, everything else that you can see is quite stable, the building it's attached to is quite stable - and the ground is not several stories down as you imagine, there's actually a floor not too far below you, so it seems as if you fell it wouldn't be too drastic. But at the same time the thing continues to go down so what I assume is that the whole structure is going down - [I'm assuming that now, but I didn't in the dream - I didn't know what to expect in the dream] but the place you're standing on, if you're moving, is going to shake with you. If you sit down it's stable again, and that's why I do it. Like I said, I'm wanting to reflect and I'm quite willing to just move out here and sit down for a bit, drink my drink and muse upon things - about the sadness and how people come and go and how your friends can be sad and you can sympathize with 'em, and that's all I do for a while.