I am watching TV early in the morning with my brother - watching Howard Stern. It's a TV version of his regular morning studio radio show, and he is just having discussions with people around in the office and there's a portion where there's barely anybody visible on the screen. My brother and I are occasionally having a conversation (not my real brother, by the way - bears some resemblance to the actor Robert Hayes - younger I suppose) - I'm in school and I think he is too. But for some reason he isn't going today. I'm supposed to go, and the later it gets the more at risk I am of being late. Bonnie is our mother - she's in another room, when the phone rings. I am supposed to be getting ready for school and it occurs to me that I'd better start moving. She comes back and says she has to go to - maybe it's the hospital - there is someone she knows in trouble and she has to go and help out somehow and I am asking if it's somebody I know - [she says a first name I don't remember right now] - she says, "I have go right now" - anyhow she's not answering the question. Seems kind of distracted, definitely quite worried - whatever is going on, it's very serious - I keep after her for several tries - ["somebody"] who? - is it the one I know? Do I know this person? "Can I help?" obviously is what I mean - and she eventually says, "No, I don't think you do know her", and I say, "Well okay, but I just wanted to know." She goes (now I'm thinking Bonnie is my grandmother maybe) - meanwhile I go into the bathroom. The object is, I need to get ready for school - I've looked at the clock - or a clock, and discovered it's 10 in the morning - I'm really startled - school starts at 8, and the TV - well, the show goes on all morning, I'm thinking, "Surely I haven't just sat and stared at the TV this long!" I look at another clock, and it says 8 o'clock, which is bad enough, but how could the clocks be at 2 different hours? This is terrible! I had better get to school anyhow - this has really got me upset. I've never done anything like this before - certainly I may have been late some places before, but nothing like this, and at school they're gonna think that I've cut or something. This is terrible. But I go into the bathroom and there's stuff, everywhere that I want to use - the bathtub has something in it, some kind of cloth or maybe a shower curtain or something - the sink has corn on the cob in it - not whole pieces, small chunks - and that is just disgusting. (There's something else - I don't know if there's 2 sinks but there's something else I wanted to use that's clogged up with something.) I'mjust outraged and I know that my brother is responsible for at least the sink, because it's his stuff, and I think the bathtub too, and somebody else has left the other stuff and I am wanting to get this fixed up right now. I do not wish to do it myself - it's not my mess. I know I can't ask Bonnie to do it, and my brother - geez - he's a lazy bum himself. So I sort of throw my hands up for a while. Then I realize I can't remember my class schedule. I'm always late, but it seems like I haven't been in school in days and I can't remember what class comes when. This is really weird and disconcerting, and I know that when I get to school I can stop in the principal's office and ask where I'm supposed to be. But this is already just too weird a morning for me to handle already. I'm mad at my brother and even sort of mad at Bonnie, and I just don't know what to make of anything. Outside some people are arriving - I think they're my parents - and some other people, family - and I've gone outside - getting to be on my way to school - and I've stopped to greet them. My brother has for some reason shrunk very small and fallen into a drain hole - not a gutter, it's a round hole in the sidewalk and there's water rushing, rushing, rushing, underneath it. It's kind of as though he shrinks as he falls, really. I have a little vindictive pleasure at seeing him fall in there but at the same time, well, he's my brother, and he's going to get swept away and possibly killed, even, if I let him stay there. But he hangs on to something for a bit and I reach in and grab his legs and then pick him up kind of like a doll with my other hand behind his back and pull him back out again.