I am mopping the floors of a house that looks a bit like the Mac House. The rooms are spacious with very little furniture. I am in the kitchen and another woman is also helping me clean. I mop the kitchen, the dining room and the living room. My "husband" Jerome comes home from work and he has invited a man and his wife to dinner. I greet them in the living room where they are seated on a couch. He is brusque and asks me what I am serving for dinner. I say I thought I'd send out to the store for fish filets. He frowns and says he only eats Layton's Mayo. I say then I will buy some. I walk back into the kitchen where Jerome and the teenage boys are seated at a table. Jerome is annoyed that the man only will eat Layton's Mayo. He hates that brand. I then leave to him to decide if we get that kind of Mayo. I look over at another table and see it full of wonderful desserts, breads and casseroles. Jerome apparently made them. So we eat. I hope some of the desserts are sugar free. Now I am doing the dishes and cleaning up after the meal. The house is different now. A modern spacious house. Large windows across the back kitchen wall. I look out and see a tornado funnel coming at the house. I see several male children in the back yard. A woman is there also and is sucked up by the tornado. I run out to rescue a boy in the path of danger. I grab him just as the other boy is held upside down by the tornado. As I cling to the boy, I yell No, No at the tornado. That somehow makes it back off. I run back into the house. Now I walk back around a curved hall to the living room. I see a young man tap dancing. He had some earlier reputation as a good professional dancer, but no one recognizes him. A young woman comes in. Her name is Rose. The man and the woman are going to meet and dance together. I watch this. Now I am somewhere else, and returning home to find it destroyed by the tornado. I stand on the flat boards left and see a crudely built mail box in the shape of a simple house. Now I am staying overnight in a beautiful spacious house where Jerome and his wife live. I get up in the morning and walk through the curved hall seeing a couch and TV sets and fireplaces along the way. I decide I want to go home now rather than stay longer.