I am running from the Nazi's. I duck into a cross dressing bar. Ellie is in there dressed as a woman and so are all the men. I am a woman, dressed as a woman pretending to be a cross dressing man. I sit at a table with two pretty men. I am wearing a maroon long velvet dress with a scoop neckline and slits up the back to reveal my shapely legs. Ellie knows its me and pretends to not know me, but smiling at me. A midget with a limp, male and dressed as a male, comes up to me and asks me to dance. I say yes. I stand and take his hand, walking and semi dragging him along. We weave through the tables and find a small empty spot and begin to dance. Then the midget falls in love with me. Then some regular non gay men come in to harass the cross dressers. They also bring jeans and leather pants. The cross dressers are choosing which ones fit. I pass a few along, holding them up to me. I say too bad I'm so fat. Some cross dresser says women's pants are always too small for me. I see that Robert Taylor, the Nazi, and his men have entered. I try to walk out but they capture me. We are walking down the front steps of the bar when the midget flings himself at me to knock me down the stairs hoping he would kill me so that I wouldn't suffer at the torture the Nazi's were going to inflict on me. I fall down the stairs and so does he. I am unhurt and he is injured. He begs for my address. Someone says it and he runs to a wood box just outside my house so he can live close to me. As I am walking down the sidewalk, a woman in a wheelchair with dark hair and missing legs up to the knees and the under half of her breast cut off wheels up to me. She shows me her breast which she will reconstruct later, she says. I ask her for her car keys. She says you'll never make it. But she throws me the keys. I make a break for it and jump into her small convertible car in the yard next to my house that we were walking toward. It is a silly plastic car. But I start the motor and race away with Robert in hot pursuit. I crash through the fence and a metal pole and drive down the streets. A woman says you can't do that with that car, it's plastic. But I succeed anyway. I abandon the car and run into a shed and hide under some hay. I burrow through it to the back wall, ripping off some of the boards and crawling through. Several men, while talking with each other, come close and look in. I am somehow in plain sight even though supposedly hidden. They pretend not to see me as they are actually undercover agents for my side. Somehow now I am the man and I am having sex with a woman. I am thrusting at her from behind and on top. I am sexually excited.