["Violin sharing."] It is necessary to move the computer. My daughter Ellie and a man I am married to move it for me. I go into the room they moved it to, in some apartment. At first I don't like the new set up. I say I like to look out the window when I'm thinking. Then I see a window in the right position. They move it again. Now I am facing a window and a window is on the right. I like that, except, now the door is partially blocked to the outside. I don't like that. I walk to the window and look out. We are high up on a hill. I look down and see a man walking up the hill toward our door. He is perhaps Eastern Indian. I wait in anticipation for his message. Now the scene changes, and he has brought me to a meeting in a room. He is seated in a large easy chair, more like a sofa. He smiles invitingly and suggests I sit with him. I do. A woman is his helper. She comes over and they talk. I realize this is a spiritual meeting and the topic is violins. Everyone is learning to play one. I comment I used to play one. He smiles delighted at that information. He leaves for a moment. I am seated next to another man who is struggling to learn how to play his violin. I give him some advice about second position, but he doesn't understand. So I use his violin to show him. I feel rusty and am aware my fingers are deformed. His violin is very unusual. It has cork pads with finger indents in each place where you would play a note. They are large and so the placement of the fingers is not the same as on a regular violin. I show him where you place your fingers for second position. On the violin are extra strings and numbers like 5 and 6 with arrows. The bridge is in the wrong place and the strings aren't long enough for all the positions. I struggle with these differences. Now the man has returned. He is seated on the floor next to the couch we are on. A woman is seated to my left. He smiles at me with happiness at my violin skills. The woman reaches down to him and pits her arms around his chest from behind and pulls him up to sit on the couch. His body is apparently paralyzed. It is fat and no muscle tone. Like a blubbery seal.