I'm in another city. It's very different, old, sort of European, there are big old buildings and bridges and levels. Someone else is driving, we're crossing a wide street, maybe 4 lanes and as we pass I see a couple of cars heading straight for each other, head-on. I think the one facing away from us is going the wrong way, since it's on the left half of the street - but the oncoming car evades it, and as they clear the lane I can see the arrows, and it was the oncoming car [which was] in a lane marked for the other direction, after all - there's just one oncoming lane. He was lucky. We come to the place I'm staying, with a family, and we decide to go out for a little excursion, still downtown. We drive past a big open space created by the building (no windows, but probably the back of a big department store) and a wide pavement, kind of a mall. There are benches built into the wall and lots of people about, visiting, strolling. There's yellow street light, enough so there are no dark spaces, but not bright. The building wall recedes in places, to form a big alcove. We've gone around various streets and you can see they're not flat - this area goes up and down a lot, it adds to the interest. We stopped and got out to stroll and we're passing a bakery/restaurant, as we walk up into a sort of covered mall. The window is sort of a long bay, leading around inside, and there are wonderful, fancy, hearty breads displayed. One of them looks to me like a tomato bread - dark with a reddish cast. It's a huge round domed loaf with a chunk cut out to show the inside, like some others in the window. I've stopped to admire, and the others gather round. The daughter is next to me, pointing at various ones, and I peer closer at the "tomato" bread, thinking maybe it isn't that, but it sure looks good. We agree we have to stop in here, maybe eat something - it seems very cheerful [very European-cosmopolitan] inside. It looks as though they sell the breads by the pound, we should get some to take home too.