["Interesting house."] I am attending a workshop being held outside on the grass. I sit in the aisle so I can see. There are four of us and we stagger our seating so we can see better. Later I decide to sit on the grass near the back, but I can't hear the woman speaking. She is demonstrating some skill or technique. Then I decide to move closer up front. It is a 15 minute break and I walk up to the front. The woman who is teaching and I talk. She decides to go see something I have at my house. Her friend is driving a pickup truck and we get in and go to my house. Then as we are returning to the workshop, we stop at her house for a moment for her to get something or do something. The driver is driving fast and we bounce over bushes to get to the back door. I am annoyed and surprised at the harsh bouncy ride. We walk up two small steps and enter the kitchen. I stand there waiting as the woman goes in to do something. Several of her children wander through rambunctious and noisy. I look down to see twin white kittens playing with my shoelaces. One kitten at each shoe. I laugh, it is cute. I notice the ceiling which has a mural of sunsets and some kind of fish motif. It is beautiful, lush reds and other sunset colors. I see it continues on into the other room and I sneak into the other room to see. I am now very curious about the house. This room is large and spacious. The next room has a brick floor, a fireplace, and lovely woods. Her husband (like Chris of 7 stars daycare neighbor) is a wimpy house husband and inept. He is in this room. I look to my left and see the bedroom. I walk into it, there are 2 steps down to get in. A beautiful four poster bed. As I walk through the room and the other door, I see a small ramp built. That's good. If I buy the house, it can be made accessible. I walk down a hall, which has railings like a stairwell which opens so that there aren't walls, but open spaces between the banister poles. You can look through to the other rooms. There are many more rooms in this interesting house. I want to buy it. I return to the kitchen. I call for the woman. I say don't we need to get back to the workshop? It was a 15 minute break and we've been gone an hour. She doesn't care. Then I see an old woman (maybe late 50's or 60's) and a man the same age. They are moving into the house. They are strangers to each other but I get the feeling they are going to grow to love each other in this wonderful house. They are using a small round disk to cut holes in something. Like one uses a cookie cutter in dough.