["Flying in my truck because it would be fun."] I am working on a project. I am looking at the printed pages of the galley sheets of a book I am writing. I realize I need to ask some more questions of the newspaper office. I walk outside. I get into my green pickup truck and am driving down a city street. I look up in the sky and see an airplane and think it would be fun to fly in my truck. As I think it, I will it to fly. We go up above the buildings and fly across town. I am grinning in the pleasure of having that power and in actually flying. I choose not to fly too high up, in case something goes wrong. It's a bumpy landing. I gather up my papers and get out. I go into the newspaper office. No one is there. I walk toward the inner offices. A line of people come out, from their coffee break. One sees me and goes straight to the files to get my project. I say, no, this time I have a question I need to ask Ted, the owner. I look at the galley sheet and I can't remember the question. I apologize to the man and try to remember the question. Then I ask how much it will cost to print it. The man says this is a newspaper office. We only print the newspaper. I look up and see that "my dad" is here also. He has an artificial eye, a large blue one which he nearly takes out, yet he also sees me with it. He is very plump and short. At first, I think I see his chest hairs exposed with a tattoo. But I realize it is his arm. Now I leave to return to the truck. I wonder if "Dad" will be there so we can ride back together. He is. A young boy from the newspaper office is there visiting with a young boy accompanying me. He doesn't want to leave his friend. I say firmly, James, it's OK. I'll be back soon, probably many times. James feels OK then and leaves. A young boy is in my wheelchair and my "dad" is at the drivers wheel. I ask how will I get into the van. The boy then realizes he has to give me my wheelchair back and "dad" has to back up the van so I can get in the side door. "Dad" moves the van and I see a small toddler like Amelia out of the truck and playing near the wheel. It was a lucky escape she wasn't run over.