I'm with a group of LT people, at least mainly women - not sure if it's a hotel or not but we have baggage and one of us I don't recognize is looking for sheets (or something) to buy if anybody has some. She leaves to ask somebody outside the room where I am. Someone else opens a suitcase to check what she's got and leafs through it. As she does I see a yellow blanket that looks like it may be wool and since there's an indication that she may be up for selling this stuff, I check. It is wool, and I ask if she wants to sell this. It turns out to be Sharon Clements. She says maybe, and I ask how much. I also check the label again to be sure it's a double. (I've also been thinking it's a shame it's yellow, I'm not that fond of it, but it'll go with my bedroom well enough.) When I ask, she clouds up a little and doesn't answer. After a bit, she says it's not me, it was just when I asked her and she really thought about selling it, a wave of (sorrow? - it's not my feeling) came over her, and she'd like to go clear. There's somebody here acting as Team Support (though a Training isn't going on right now) and we go across the room where she is. [The place seems more like it's old or unfinished - at first it could've been backstage, now this room reminds me of the lake house we stayed in] This girl is sitting on the bed, with her back to us - she's blond, and Sharon says her name but I don't remember and she doesn't look familiar. She's friendly and is going to work with us, when the scene changes to a bus. We've just got on and are choosing seats. Sharon sits right behind the driver and I sit a bit down so the other girl can sit in between but before she does we see a couple, married, we know them a bit or somehow know of them, and we speak to them first - they're also here to be on the team. We all sit except the man, who starts pontificating by way of taking over this clearing. He is making sense but it isn't his business, and the other girl breaks into his speech, joining in with the words, which disturbs him, and she eventually subdues him, I think - she also turns to me and says adamantly not to interfere (I can't remember the words) and I say I would never dream of it - or it hadn't entered my mind. The wife reappears and says some hostile things about her husband - says he has officially (but that wasn't the word) forbidden her from using "Mrs" before her name, even though they are legally married - "he seems to forget that we..." is what she says. This is after she says her name by way of introduction.