["Ellie is a bad girl."] A man is driving a bus. He and I are the official chaperones for a group of teens. He has been driving many hours and I decide I want to drive, to help him out. So during a break, I get in the driver's side, which happens to be on the right side, like in England. Ellie decides she is going to drive and she sits very close to my on my left. It interferes with my driving and I try pushing her away from me. She clings on. I get annoyed. I keep shoving. Finally, I force her into the back of the bus. Now I drive. Later, I stop the bus so people can get out and take a break. I then see that Ellie has taken my photos outside and have tossed them into the air and they lay along side the road. I am furious and run out there to pick them up. The nice man comes over and picks up a black and white photo of me and another girl as children. He says nice picture. You're a good photographer. I had hoped he'd come by and see some pictures of me as a child and notice how cute I was. But he thought I had taken the photo. I am frustrated. I thank him for the complement and don't straighten him out. Now I am really angry at Ellie and I get on the bus and physically drag her out to force her to help pick up the mess. She just stands there. I grab her by the hair and pull her up to standing and I say to her that she has created a situation where people don't like her, for good reason. If she doesn't change she will spend her life being hated by these people and abandoned by them. I say to her she will have to work hard. She will have to clean up her mess and behave very well for a while before she has earned their respect and friendship. She doesn't seem interested. I grab the rest of the photos and get in the bus. Now, I am watching the scene as if from a high helicopter. I look down at the ground and see the people walking around. I see "me" and the man trying to get away alone together. We run toward a snow field. I don't want to get cold and wet, but I want to be alone with him. Later, I see "me" in the bathroom cooking hamburgers and hot-dogs on an open fire. Ellie comes in and drags me out. Josh comes by and is shocked and upset that the two chaperones are off trying to romantically get it on rather than be responsible chaperones for the teens. We might lose our jobs.