["Escaping disguised as the enemy."] Charla and I and some friends are attempting to escape from the enemy. We get out of the building and sneak around the landscape. We are near an ocean. We see some of the enemy in their black wet suits with yellow balloon like helmets that also cover their faces. I am standing next to the barracks of the enemy. One of them is sleeping in his room. Somehow he comes out and decides to help us escape. He gets us the same black wet suits and yellow helmets. We put them on and walk right through the outside compound of enemy. We walk into the ocean and dive, I hang onto Charla's rope and I am hanging on to the enemies rope as he guides us through the completely dark black waters. We are avoiding the underhulls of huge ships and trying to stay in the right direction. I feel lost and scared. We must rely on the enemy's help. He does right by us and we end up on another shore. Now we are housed in a large room. Each group has a tiny area. We are like refugees. Next to our area is a man. I think we are attracted to each other but I can't tell for sure. We avoid eye contact and act cool around each other, but we are very aware of where the other one is. I decide to go to the "underground" store. I sneak around the streets back toward the water. I find the cardboard cutout of a soldier. That is the sign. I ask for some colors. I meant colored yarn I can make things with. I get one skein. Return to the barracks. Bonnie comes in with a container of food. She offers me one of the green beans. I ask if it is snap peas. I take one of the green beans, although they are old and a bit moldy. We don't have much food and that is a generous offer of Bonnie's. I have a container of food also and show her. Some white stuff, maybe potatoes and some Chinese concoction. Now I return to our small area, next to the man. I ignore him pointedly. I decide to be daring and hang up a key of mine on a hook up on the ceiling. Then a pretty and slightly sexy nighty, then another piece of clothing to cover it up. People are watching and thinking how brave of me to put my belongings out there where people can steal them. They then also start to do that too. Then the man comes over and grabs me. We play wrestle, both pretending to be angry at each other, but it is just an excuse to be touching.