["Camping and relationships."] I am in a car. I am in the front seat, and a woman is in the back. I think it is a station wagon. I look at her and an sexually excited. We are going to have a relationship. She is fixing herself up and fixing the upholstery of the car seat. I am lying down and I feel an orgasm. I press my legs together to encourage it, hoping she won't see or hear. She doesn't notice. Then three men appear at the window. One is my boyfriend, the other two are his friends. He is upset and jealous. He gets in the seat with me and our faces are very close. I kiss him on the cheek, and say, we have to talk. He knows that means its over for him. He sadly gets out of the car. The two friends are disgusted with me, for choosing the woman. They leave. Then I look in the back seat. She is lying down trying to look inviting. Charla comes to the window and wants to come in. I open the door for her. The woman is upset and doesn't want her in the car because she will mess up the lovely back seat she had fixed up. I am angry at her and say to her to shut up! I tell Charla to wait for me outside. I then tell the woman it is not OK to reject Charla. I tell her I don't like her hair do and I don't like the way she fixed up the back seat. I see wrinkled bunched up grey upholstery. She is sad and disappointed and gets out of the car. I feel relieved and free now. I put on lipstick. It is shiny and glossy. I notice my lips are thinned out from age, but I put the lipstick on more thickly to make my lips look more full. I enjoy this process. Now I drive the car a few feet away from the tent the woman and I were going to share and stop at the tent Charla and I will share. A man (Wilbur) is all bound up in a sleeping bag near the tent. I carefully backup so that I don't hurt him. I get out and look around for a place to safely store my wallet and car key. I find a messy used skillet from breakfast and put them with it. I put it in an end table and change my mind and put it in a mattress that has a zippered cover. I know they are obvious places a thief would look, but I decide it will be safe.