The scene of the dream was the same as the movie The Terminator. It featured my sister and mother and Arnold Schwartzenegger. We are in a neighborhood setting and I am outside playing on the street when a man drives up and asks me for directions and I tell him I am not familiar with the place he is asking about. He says, "But you live around here and you should know." The street he wanted happened to be the street we were on. Then the scene goes to a gym and I am confused about what is going on. Then I see Arnold and a big man with white hair talking at a table. Right before that I see a soap opera star on a nearby TV doing a commercial. My sister is with me and we are talking about the soap opera star. The actress's name is Lisa Rinna and she plays Billie Reed on Days of Our Lives. Then I see another soap star and this time it is an actress from General Hospital who plays Lois Quartermane. She is singing a Beatle's song, "Yesterday." Then I focused on Arnold and the man with white hair. They are in a grocery store that looks like a nightclub. The guy with white hair is referred to as the "Boss" man. He is telling Arnold to do something and Arnold doesn't want to do it. Then the "Boss" man starts to threaten Arnold, so Arnold gives in and does what the "Boss" man requests. Arnold commented on how much he liked Lois's singing and he got up and that's when I saw that one of Arnold's arms is robotic. It looked like he had just gotten into a fight and some of his flesh was peeled off and that's how I could see part of the robot arm. The "Boss" man got up after Arnold left and jumps for joy and starts to run out of the building. A pudgy little waiter or maybe the manager asks before he leaves is there anything more that he wanted. The "Big" man just laughs and says no. Then he runs out of the building. The floor started to shake and it seems like all of the people are going to fall through the floor, but they just vanish. This was a morbid thought for me because they just ceased to exist. The building then blew up, but it was then I saw that all the people have gotten out safely. I got the feeling that Arnold saved all the people that were in the restaurant.