["Kitten must clean up the mess."] My "sister" and I live in a house beside a hill. Male workers are up on the top of the hill are moving dirt and some of it is rolling down the hill onto our property. One of the workers is supposed to come down and help clean up the mess. We wait, but he is taking too long. So my sister and I go up a rickety flight of stairs up the hill. She goes first and I follow. The second flight of stairs now becomes a thin narrow metal and that we cling to with fingers. It is scary and difficult. But we succeed. We go into the building they live and work from. We ask for Paolo. They say he is out and will return soon. They lead us to his room. I see his big comfortable double bed with colorful quilts on it. I lie down on the bed and look around to see what this man might be like. He has a TV that is sort of a journal he keeps. I look at it with interest, like of liking the man before I meet him. Then he comes in, a big comfortable man. He walks over to the bed and I look up. He has a translucent white mime mask on with odd big blue eyes. I find that interesting. Then my "sister" rushes for him and kisses him. I am angry at her because I am attracted to him, and she always gets things first. I stand up and walk over to the window and look out trying to ignore them kissing. He takes off his mask and tries to follow me. I see a small boy/kitten who throws a balled up piece of paper on the floor. Paolo reaches down to pick it up, to be kind and helpful. I stop him, saying no, the boy has to learn to do it himself. He made the mess. The boy, now a kitten refuses to pick up his mess. I pick him up in my hands and place him right next to the paper. He resists picking it up. Paolo really wants to help. He has a generous heart. I explain that that is really not helping. It teaches the boy bad habits. Then finally the boy/kitten picks up the paper and I praise him and let him go. Now Paolo is approaching me. He is attracted to me and wants to connect. But I decide I must run a race first. I put on sneakers and begin running the race. Paolo follows hoping to catch me. I am attracted to him, but I must run this race first. I run. And he follows.