["Refusing other people's responsibilities."] Charla and I live in an old house, all on one floor, with white walls, long halls and room after room down the halls. Irv moves in. He is down a long forgotten hall. Charla and I are cleaning up. I pick up a box of huge men's shoes and think they are Irv's. I carry them down the hall, then cross an intersection of halls into the one I'd forgotten was there. I see signs on his closed door saying Keep Out. I see drawers in the wall next to his door and open one or two. I see old curtains and things. I find one drawer with some room in it. Then I lay the giant shoes on the floor next to his door. I return to our living area to clean some more. Dovre comes in and hands me a box with a big plant in it (like the one in Charla's room now).She says non nonchalantly, Will you put that in the room? I take the box but I am angry. I then decide this isn't OK and put the box down on the floor next to the door of my room. I say you have no right to ask me to do that. It is big and heavy and hard for me to do with my arthritis. Then it is time to go to work. We get into a small red sports car convertible. I am driving. It begins to snow. We are in Germany apparently. We pull up to the business door. I am angry at Dovre and am lecturing her. I tell her she has to get a life of her own, and quit desperately connecting with my life. I get out and put up the top on the car. I walk into the business. Again long white halls. It was an easy 2 steps up to the door, but just inside the building is a long flight of stairs going down. I walk it, feeling pretty good about it, but I am concerned I will run out of energy and feel tired. I decide I want to walk with a cane and one appears. I feel more comfortable now, surprised I am walking so well. I walk down long halls, turning right and then left. I find a room that might be my new office. It is room 409. I ask some man if this is my room. He says go to the lobby and ask there. I ask where the lobby is. He says In the front of the building, of course. Like I am stupid for not knowing that. I walk down more halls and find a big nice lobby.