["Another sprawling house with many rooms."] I am apparently living with my parents in a long sprawling one story house with many unexplored rooms. I am carrying a notebook and some things that fell out of my purse. I see a photo and want to cut out the part of the picture of Charla. It is a school photo of a group of kids. Their back is to the camera. It is a snapshot. I finally locate Charla in the center and partially covered by the others. As I watch, the photo becomes animated. She turns and is clear to see. I quickly cut out around the outline of her, being careful to cut out the flowing lines of the muffler she is wearing. I get it cut out and I want to put it up on the door of my bedroom. I remember I had moved from my old bedroom to this other room and walk down the hall to go there. I am in a sort of lobby area and I hear a crash. I look to see a small red car I thought was a sports car convertible had crashed through the glass door to the indoor porch. I look again and see it is a small kiddie car, red and convertible. A boy had crashed his car into the door. I call my father who asks the boy his telephone number to call his parents to get payment for the damages. As he is doing that I notice yet another room I didn't know was there. I walk over some fragile rotten boards and open the door. It is a dark musty room with old old paper trash all over. Dingy, square and uninteresting. I shut the door. I see another door and carefully walk along the edges of a very rotten flooring and open that door and see the inside insulation of a freezer. I shut it. Now I remember I used to live in another wing and walk back down the hall. I walk through a kitchen and notice all the dishes are clean and put away. Apparently my mother does the housework and I am relieved I don't have to. I turn left down another hall. I see a bedroom on the left that used to be my parents' bedroom and then I lived there for awhile. I go on. I decide to not explore the entire series of rooms. I'd been there before. Then I look out the window and see I am in a rural small town and wish I could live in the city where activities and art and performances happen. I ask myself if I'd go even if they were available. I walk on down a hall that has become the small town's street. I look in a building and see several children and adults in wheelchairs. I am intrigued and go in to find myself in a weight room establishment. I am happy to see they are wheelchair accessible. I decide to explore this town. I go across the street to the grocery store and go in. Now I come out on the weird handlebars of a man's bicycle. I am seated like in a small chair. He is very close and wrapped around me but not touching. He is very attracted to me and is giving me a ride around town to show me what's there. I am a bit afraid because he's a stranger and I shouldn't be accepting rides from strangers, but I am excited also because he is sexy and attractive. We tease and talk. He keeps trying to sneak a kiss. I enjoy the attraction, but am unwilling to let go and make love as we are strangers. Later, perhaps. We go down a long long flight of stairs that are a sidewalk in bricks. It is a bumpy ride and there is a group of people ahead of us. I am very impressed with how well he drives the bike with me on it not hitting the people or loosing balance. He's taking me home now and even though I am sexually turned on. I know it is important not to leap into this too quickly. I allow him one passionate kiss at the door.