["Accessibility issues."] I am in an office, supposedly where I work and it is my office. I am seated in my wheelchair and behind me is a water fountain, ornamental, with pretty rocks in it. I go out of the office, down the hall to get to the bathroom in the back room. I complain to the women there that their work materials are all cluttered and blocking my aisle to the bathroom and back. I am annoyed. I get back into the office, which I seem to share with Theodore and perhaps Hank. I see someone has been working on my pretty water fountain. I see huge chunks of quartz crystals in what used to be empty spaces between rocks. I think that looks pretty. I see a second fountain. I suddenly notice that the water tubes are not fixed right so that water is running down the wall and under my chair and all over. The office area is cluttered also and things are getting ruined. I exclaim, upset now who did that! I decide to complain to the boss. I wheel quickly down a long hall and around a right corner. I see a woman secretary and call to her that I want to see the boss. An older woman in a wheelchair comes out. She's the boss. I tell her I have some accessibility issues I want to complain about. She gestures me into her office. She putts around trying to clear off a space to work. Finally, I go on down the hall, meeting one barrier after another. I am getting more and more frustrated. I find a very narrow door way that has those bars in them like revolving gates. I yell, this is inaccessible. A large robot arm very padded, comes through and motions to me to follow it. I say do you mean me? Barb? It wriggles it's hand end yes. I follow it through a now opened area beside the narrow doors. Three or more brown uniformed police or security guards are there. They are telling me that things are in progress and will be better. I am annoyed. Now the hall is a road sort of and lots of cars and trucks and odd looking wheelchair contrivances, Mark H. in a golf cart like wheelchair. He bumps into the rear end of a truck. I am now very upset I am near a policeman and I say with relish, Just try me. This is terrible that wheelchair traffic is mixed with bigger more dangerous vehicles. Keep this up and you'll get quite a protest. I am eager to take them on. I wonder if it is wise to brag so loudly in front of them that I will be a damned nuisance to them very soon. I wheel back to the office to complain. I see someone like Hank and I want to kick him. but I can't because he is 9 months pregnant. I grumble it's not fair, because it isn't even him that is carrying the baby. I look up to see the boss is now a very pregnant wife of Howard. I am frustrated. How am I going to complain about Howard with his own wife, my boss. Frustrated!