["Dwight yanked up into the sky."] I am in a house where my parents live. It's time to fix dinner and apparently I am the only one in the house that does any work. Oh well, I don't mind helping my mother who works so hard. I begin opening drawers to see what's available. I see things have been moved around. I see the beef casserole on the stove, maybe left out too long. I see corn on the cob, in their husks in the drawer. Bread loaves of home made bread also. Then Dwight comes in and now Dwight and I are the same character. He has been grabbed by the back of his jacket by some huge invisible force that is propelling him through the house. He is forced down the hall and sees my father in the bedroom. He calls out to my father and says This force has a hold of me. My father laughs and says quit fooling around. Dwight/I is propelled back down the hall and straight out the front door. My father now believes him and is following trying to reach him to help him. As soon as Dwight/I are out the door, we are forced straight up into the blue sky. Up and up we go. It is frightening. I see a cloud as I look up, then we are even with it and then we are above it. We are afraid the force will release us and we will fall to our death. Up we continue until there is another land up there and we are deposited there. We see a train waiting and people boarding it. Someone tells us to go to the station and check in. We walk into the train station. People are seated around a round table. As we look at them, their human faces blur and we see alien faces. It is scary. Then we turn to the right to hear someone talking to us. It is Dwight in a blue Hawaii patterned shirt, balding on top. We are shocked to see ourselves facing us. He tells us we must catch the train and start at the next town. The train is just now starting to leave. We run out and run with the train as it increases speed. We hop on top of the yellow nose of the engine and the speed is now dangerously fast. We cling to the car as we frantically move toward the car to get inside. Finally we manage to get inside. We sit next to a man who says he thinks this is all made up for us. As the landscape streaks by and we are going up a steep hill on the rails (like a roller coaster ride) we see sudden patches of sky where the land was. It is scary, because if we don't continue to believe we are on solid land, we will fall through and fall to earth and die. We come to a town and get off. The man advises us to go straight to the house in front of us, not turn toward the right and go on into town. We do that, going into the house and realizing this will be our house. We are in the kitchen. I see a stove with the outer structure of a stand up piano. It's time to fix dinner.