["Falling with Al Pacino."] I have a conference to attend. I need to drive about 2 hours to get there. If I leave now, I'll barely make it. A woman who looks like Captain Janeway is concerned she won't be able to fit all the sheep she just bought into her car to take them home. I look at the inside of my van which is very spacious. I say They will fit here. I offer to take her home. Meanwhile a group of students, perhaps like Bill's grad students need a ride home as well. I let them in also. I am a bit mad at myself because this will make me late for what I want to do, but I did it anyway. I am driving and look back into the van seeing it crammed full of sheep and grad students. I shake my head in amazement at how silly this is and how crowded. I let them out and then I am in the back seat of a car and Al Pacino is in the driver's seat. I am however, driving with the steering wheel from my passenger seat behind him. I look up to see we are on a path directly headed for a terrible fall. The road suddenly turns 95 degrees to the left to get to a bridge over a huge expanse of water. I realize we aren't turning. I don't say anything as it all happened so quickly. Off the road we go. I remember I'd done this before in a dream and how horrible it felt, with the intense fear. This time I feel some fear, but it's not so bad. The car noses down and we are falling fast and straight down toward the land. It is certain death, or so it seems. Now the car is gone and we are falling. Al says to me move to where you are over the water. I wriggle around and manage to land in the water. I hit and go deep down. I come back up and swim to the shore, glad to be alive. We get ashore. I run to him and we kiss, so happy to be alive. Now we are attracted to each other. We hold hands as we walk around a long huge high wall of bookcases. Behind the cases we turn and are walking back toward the road. I see boxes and boxes of my stuff. I start retrieving some. I find my dream books and am specifically picking up as many of those as I can find. I want to recover them all. It's getting heavy and cumbersome, but I still keep trying.