I work in a place with a lot of money (a bank?) and it's being robbed - this place is like a lot of buildings, nicely kept up on the bottom, less finished and junky at the top - a couple of other people and I are trying to do something outside without locking ourselves out - seems to be difficult. Involves short flights of stairs and heavy doors that won't stay open. I'm with a female (black?) and a male. Back inside, somehow I get an opportunity to thwart the thieves - I get hold of at least some major part of the money and run with it. Somebody I know is with the robbers, maybe helping them voluntarily, I'm not sure - but I figure he can tell where I'll go so I have to outwit him. I run down a hall and pass where I would go, down to a room with a lot of painter's and plastering stuff in it. I stash the money under a pile of cloths on the floor, next to a cabinet or something which is just inside left of the door. Back outside and down to the other door where I hope they'll see me just going in - then I think no, I may as well hide if I have a chance. I go further in (it's open and leads into other rooms as if, in a house, you've got living rooms that lead into dining rooms but big open passages rather than doorways? - best I can do - hold the image) and there are 2 people, Cynthia and another woman, who must also be blind because she doesn't react to me. Neither does, they must not hear me either and they're both motionless. I don't look for any good place to hide because the robbers are coming in - I duck as close to this inner wall as I can, hoping they won't come this way - but my right arm sticks out sideways at an angle and I can't get it down. If I move it fast they'll see me move it and I can't seem to inch it gradually. (I think Cynthia leaves in here somewhere.) So one of the men sees me and comes over, but he's not the one to interrogate me, he's an underling, so he's just going to let them know I'm here. He says "Stand here" and turns back to the others, moving away from me. I look around, see another room and duck into it quietly. It's green and a lot like the junky old office in the basement of the old building - no one's redecorated here in a hundred years. At first I think it's a lost cause but by George it's got a door on the other side. I thought it might lead to the hall but it doesn't - I don't know where it leads but one way or another I get into an office, where there are rows of people (like there used to be) with adding machines and typewriters - men and women - and I know I'm n home free. What I want is to get to the police on the ground floor, but I'm afraid of getting caught before I reach them. I keep running. When I wake up I'm still worried I'm not going to make it - sense of desperation.