["Ideas flowing."] Lucy and Mirabelle and I are going to see a wonderful exhibit of things from the past. And some art work. We have to walk down a long flight of wooden stairs. We are joking back and forth about the usual inaccessibility problems. I manage to walk it. Now we are in a huge square basement room. All around the edges are exhibits. It seems an unimaginative way to present the memorabilia and art work from the past. There are tour groups going through. Like in the Palace of Versailles. We've apparently missed our group and we walk around the perimeter looking at the groups of old furniture from days gone by. It's kind of uninteresting. Then I see a grouping where the glass vases on glass stalks move I am intrigued because I can see it like a movie director would. As It moves to my eye level I see a round "eye" shaped bowl looking right at me. Then as I move up it curls up into a "eye" shape looking up at the sky. I think this is really neat and keep moving up and down to see the effect. I find Lucy and Mirabelle and tell them of this neat movie director idea I had. They smile and move on. Lucy asks me what I think of my two plays being shown soon. I smile and say I am going to love that. Two of the pieces I wrote and I acted in one of them (American Woman). It will be fun seeing myself as big as a wall. (up on the giant screen.). Then the three of us sit on a couch and discuss what kind of anal we imaged when we heard a story of this animal. I realize that the name of the animal wasn't revealed and I just assumed it was a porcupine. Mirabelle says she thought it was a raccoon. I am surprised. Then Lucy says it could be a kangaroo. I am trying to be generous and say a raccoon is cute. A kangaroo would be fine. What do you think Mirabelle? She says Lucy, do you really like the kangaroo? Because if you do, I'll go with that. But if it's just Barb wanting the Kangaroo, then I don't. My feelings are a bit hurt by this. I try to joke about me being s second class citizen, like a disabled person. The animal story has something to do with disability issues.