["Charla goes to Catholic school."] Charla and I are in a large gym like classroom. I am visiting because she will be transferring soon to her new school. Charla wants to wear an odd outfit to the new school and is telling the teacher about it. The teacher is trying to gently explain how it is not appropriate. She also wants to walk over there and the teacher doesn't want her to. As we are leaving to go to the new school, Charla says she's glad the teacher agrees with her. I try to explain that in fact the teacher was trying very hard to tell her that she did not agree with her. Charla didn't really hear it and thought I had misunderstood the teacher. I feel frustrated. I think about taking the van there but we end up walking. I wonder if it is too far and will tire me out too much. We get there and we have to find a 2nd floor classroom by noon. It is almost noon now. I find a flight of stairs and see no elevator. I know there must be one around somewhere, but decide to walk up the stairs in search of it. I am frustrated and tired and concerned about being late. We get up there and realize the elevator is on the other flight of stairs and now must walk down the church pews as we are in the church area of this catholic school. As I step from one pew to the next as they are the stairs I notice I am wearing black spiked paten leather high heels. Hard going in those. One of the pews is very deep and I have to hang on and swing down, reaching with my toes for the next pew. We finally get down to the 1st floor. We walk down a hall and find a chair lift down yet another flight of stairs. I am tired, we are late. Frustrated. I see an office area. I ask how to get to the classroom. She says Admin./Registration and points to the office area. We go there. I look in an office door and see a counselors office. The name above the door indicates it is testing office. A very tall, perhaps 8 or 9 feet tall woman is there. I stretch my neck as far as I can to see her. I ask where the Admin./Registration area is. She points to a booth near her. There's the admin. pit she says. I go there and a nice sweet faced grandmotherly type woman comes out. Perhaps a nun, but not in a habit. She looks down at Charla and says well, what a very nice outfit you are wearing. I look and see she is wearing a cap like I wore in the 1st grade or younger. But it has leopard fur (fake) in the inside. It is a cute bonnet like a baby would wear. Her skirt is 1950's like as well. I like the woman she is gentle and kind and accepting of Charla. She welcomes her to her new school.