["Audience so far away."] I am giving a lecture to a university audience in Australia (down under). It is outdoors and I am standing on a high cliff to speak. The audience is far below. I actually only see small painted academic people in bleachers. The live audience is in the front rows and they are the children of this elementary school. I can't really see them they are so far away. I pace on the grassy verge of the cliff and keep walking over to the edge so I can get closer. I am talking warmly and passionately about good ways to reach and teach young children. I am frustrated with this long drop off and distance. I stand right on the rocky edge and peer over as I speak, but then I am afraid I will fall over. I walk back on the grass, away from the edge. Finally the speech is over and it is time for the reception. I eagerly go inside the building to the room, my hotel room. A woman in a business suit comes in and I shake her hand. I am happy to meet the people I just spoke to. Many men come in. Now the room is crowded. I am conscious of using my best power hand shake and am smiling because It is fun to receive the complements and gifts. Each person brings a gift, mostly books. I like the books. Lovely hard backs on subjects of interest, mostly psychology and Zen and stuff like that. I open a package and find a plastic wrapped set of scrolled bamboo and cloth material. I exclaim at the lovely colors, copper scrolled bamboo mat and dark blue and copper design on the cloth . The Asian woman is so happy I like her gift. Now a man from Australia leans near me. He brought a book to me also. He is attracted warmly to me. I am writing down each person's name and address as I receive the gifts. I make a small mistake and write his name on one line and his address on another one that s slightly off, down one. He really wants me to mark it so I know that the address is attached to the name. I draw a box around them to link them together. He is happy. I ask again about the numbers. I see some numbers there already and he asks what they are. I say it is a shadow of some one else's numbers and mark it out. We are sexually attracted. Now the scene is the next morning and I watch as these two are dressing after having had sex last night. She has a red mark on her breast, like a spider bite. (Like Anastasia's on her forehead.) She says oh dear, I don't remember if we used protection last night. He is concerned as she is. They neither can remember. She says well, we'll just hope one or both of us used something. He insists that if she is pregnant he must be told. She says I will test myself by observing if I feel pregnant. Then I will have an abortion, of course. He is upset. He wants some say in this. She says you don't actually think I want to have your baby?