["Transforming woman."] I am walking into a university building through the double set of doors. A young man is walking out. He is attracted to me and asks me out to dinner with him. I am startled and automatically say no. I don't do dinner. I am attracted to him and there is an awkward pause as he and I want to talk but can't think of anything to say. I let the moment go and continue through the doors. I am looking for Lucy who is going to teach us a dance choreograph to an old rock and roll song. I am upset with myself that I let the moment pass and now I won't ever see the young man again. Lucy is there now with several other people who will dance. She begins to show us the steps. We have to lie on our tummies on the floor and then rock back up on our knees, pushing up with our hands. I groan and say I can't do this. But I somehow manage. Then the young man joins us. I am happy to see him. He is intensely glad to see me. He asks me again if I will have dinner with him. I say yes, I ordinarily don't do dinner but I will this once. He is glad. He whispers after this rehearsal can we hang out and talk? I agree. Now the dance is over. Someone says the music is from 1951 and I say laughing I know it well. I was there, after all. I wonder if the young man will be upset with my being that old. He doesn't care. A second young man is now jealous about the new one. He demands to know who he is and what he is to me. I am embarrassed to answer it. I make a joke and say well, I know he is barefoot. I look at his feet. The 2nd man says well, that means it's sexual. I chuckle and say everything could mean its sexual if we want it to. Now the 2nd man introduces me to a young woman. He is pointing out scars she has on her mouth and face from being beat up. She opens her mouth wide and I see a large stack of children books in there with scars on them. I say to the woman so, is your boyfriend beating you up? She is scared and shocked. She transforms into a round blue broach and a rock under a chair. She mumbles that yes, her boyfriend is beating her up. I continue to talk with her like a counselor. The 1st man gets on his knees to lean near the broach to talk with her. Now I tenderly pick her up. She is several rocks now. One in the shape of a red winged black bird and another is an amethyst crystal. I talk to her soothingly. Lucy says to me, that's the way too do it. Good for you.