It was my graduation day and I was at the ceremony. We (the graduates) were getting ready to get our diplomas. We got up from our seats and went to the back of an auditorium. We skipped to the rear door leading outside. We were lining up and I was supposed to go first. I didn't know it because I hadn't attended any of the graduation practices. I was surrounded by my friends who were also graduating, but they had graduated a year or two before me. So I was the first one to walk down the aisle. They gave me a piece of thick white rope that everyone carried a piece of to link the graduates together. My father was seated at the back of the auditorium so he could see me right as I walked in. When I started walking down the aisle, my father grabbed me by the arm. I was startled. Then he followed me up to the front of the auditorium saying that I had to come with him. I tried to tell him that I was in the middle of something and I couldn't. I hadn't even gotten my diploma yet. He got upset and started to lecture me about not listening to him, and said that he was trying to give me something and I should pay more attention to him. So I went up to the stage and got my diploma, went back to my seat, which was in the front row. I put down the end of my rope on my seat and went to see what he wanted. I was upset because I wasn't able to see my friends graduate. My dad gave me my graduation gift. He gave me a piece of paper that told me what my graduation gift was. All I read was Theta Chi Theta, Spring and the word Baseball. There was more, but it was just scribble and I couldn't make it out. The gift was a season pass to watch a baseball game. Then the paper turned into glass and the writing rubbed off. I saw my mom, sister and Aunt Ellen (she is deceased) on a hill by my dorms, and asked if they saw me graduate. They said they slept through it and thought they could catch me. I was angry with them. Then I went back into the auditorium and saw my friends sitting and crying about graduation and even some people I didn't know were crying with them. I told one woman not to cry about getting an education. Then I went back to an almost empty apartment and was waiting for people to show up for a party. There was a strange golden-coated dog in my kitchen. There wasn't much furniture in the house for people to sit on. I was feeling disappointed about how the day went.