I was in a room with a long table in it. There were mirrors and paintings on the walls that I was facing. It was either a dining room or a banquet room in a restaurant. I was at a fancy party, but felt out of place. I felt I was trying to find shoes to match my dress. Then I walked into the parking lot and saw two characters from the TF show "Wings." The brothers Joe and Brian were having a fight. Joe was with a girl telling Brian that he had to move out because Joe didn't have enough privacy. Brian was hurt and said, "Fine, I will just move back to Connecticut or New York." Joe told Brian that he didn't have to move that far away, but Brian said it was too expensive to live in the West by himself. I was watching the scene as if I was Brian, watching my boyfriend leaving me for another woman. I was feeling extremely bad. Then I went to place like Costco and this child, a little girl, about one or two years old came running up to me and sat on my lap and gave me a hug and kiss. Then she went back to her mother and sat in the top part of a shopping cart full of merchandise. All of a sudden I was overwhelmingly happy. Then I spent some time looking around the warehouse. I saw a lot of half-priced Halloween merchandise that was on sale. Most of it was candy. I remember seeing glow-in-the-dark candy ghosts and the child wanted one. I didn't think it was a good idea because I didn't think her mother would approve. Then I went down an aisle that had expensive jewelry, furniture, lamps, and designer rugs, trying to be careful not to break anything. Then I was on a high school campus looking for a friend who said earlier in the dream that she wanted to be a cheerleader, which I thought was very odd. She always made fun of things like that. Anyway, I was looking for her and saw her with some other girls in cheerleader outfits with her hair in pigtails with pom-poms. She then gave me a schedule of games to go to and I left very confused as to what just happened. I felt something wasn't right about my friend wanting to be a cheerleader, but at the same time I wanted to support her. I still couldn't understand why my friend wanted to be a college cheerleader.