["Beautiful garden and burnt backs of houses."] I am in a house. I slept the night with the daughter of the house, a younger friend of mine. I am trying to help her out. We are up and talking with her father, a very good looking well built man. The woman says she is a lesbian. I am a little upset, thinking I'd wished I'd known that before I slept with her. I feel nervous. Then I tell myself I'm being silly because there was no sexual part of our night. I am aware that I am prejudiced about lesbians and feel guilty about it. I let it go. Now there is a needlepointed sign or banner over the window. The name of a society that helps mentally ill people. The Philo-something society. I am interested in this because of the woman. Her father is going to get her signed up for this society. I notice the fee is $70,000 to join. I know I can't afford it for me, but hopefully I can attend as a helper of the woman. I decide it is time for me to leave this house. I am attracted to the concert going on in the house across the street. I walk into the room and sit, listening to the small built man singing. I like the songs very much. The man gives me intense eye contact as he realizes I love his music. He and I are attracted. He finishes singing and I get up and walk out of the house. He follows me asking, "Do you hear that lovely sound?" I say yes. I love the sound of rushing water in a brook. He says do you smell the flowers perfume? I say yes. It is exquisite. He says come look at my beautiful garden. I walk along the side of the house to the back. I see an elaborate pattern of huge roots intertwined. It is very beautiful. Like a wrought iron pattern. Circles and intertwined figure eights.. Then I get on a swing and swing back and forth across the back yard which is a smooth shallow pond. He joins me and we swing together. We get off on the other side of the pond and stand at a stone wall which marks the end of his property. I say to him, I see that the ordinary world lies beyond here. It is not pretty. We look back to the back of his house. He says it doesn't look good. I see that the walls have been burned but the pattern with the left over blue paint and the blackened spots are beautiful. I say no, it looks pretty. The house across the street is the one that looks bad. It is badly burned and charred. I then see the woman come out all dressed up in a formal dark dress and a bun hairdo. She's ready to go out on the town. I am concerned. I say to the man I have to return and help. He follows me as I swing across the pond and walk to the other house. I go in and find the extremely good looking father lying naked on a couch. He wants me to join him. I say no. You have a beautiful face. Your body is beautiful. You are intelligent and kind. But you can't share your feelings.. I bring his daughter to the couch. They sit facing each other. I say she's leaving because you can't share your emotions with her. I try to assist them to speak to each other. The singing man watches, waiting for this to be done so we can go away together.