["Murdering my family."] There are two of "me." We are like twins. Pretty, young, blonde. I am the hard working counselor. She is a psychopath. She wears sexy clothes, I wear conservative clothes. She puts her baby, child and husband in a deep snow bank and shoves them under even deeper. They are freezing. There are odd squares of "snow" with imprints of some design on them. I or she keeps moving them aside. Then she pulls them out of the snow and puts them in a coffin like crate. She feels some guilt. She could take care of them now and they would be safe. But she shrugs her shoulders and leaves them in the crate, dragging it into a house and hiding it in a couch. Some little girl, a neighbor is there and helps her. She doesn't tell the little girl they are burying people alive. She leaves them there to die, still feeling some twinges of guilt. Now she comes in search of me. She takes over my body. My clothes transform into a tight angora sweater, nylons and a short black skirt. I am now her or visa versa. She walks the halls of my school where I work and causes problems for people, not caring anything about them. She laughs. Now she (me) and Charla are walking, looking for a bathroom. We find one. But a woman is in the stall and it is messy and stinky. She/I walk back out saying it is too stinky and we will find another one. My mother comes to us and says why were you doing (something). She is suspicious of me now. I sign, annoyed, because I am going to have to kill her again. I take a picture of a tiger on a black background. I decide to keep it and take it to my room which has opaque windows and a door with a clear glass window in it. The paste or glue is on the picture side, so I place it on the inside of the door window. My mother asks me what I am doing. I ignore her. Now Charla and I are walking down a street. I look up and see a square cloud with very well defined edges. It is moving very fast and it is dark. It is headed out to sea. I watch with interest. Now it is an odd square shaped boat/plane flying back in. I go aboard it and I see a man. He is very attracted to me. As he approaches, smiling and preparing to give me a line, I pull out a golden pistol and shove it in his face. I am going to kill him.