["Cracking the code for a free ride."] I am in a house. Charla is not being cooperative getting ready for school. I am very frustrated with her. I see the school bus drive past. I grab Charla and her backpack and drag her along the road to the bus stop. I keep saying You'll miss your bus. Now get up and help me. Charla dawdles along. Sure enough as we approach the parked bus, other parents are driving their kids there. and I mutter to myself. Be there. Still be there. We're coming. I hated the idea of spending the day with Charla in her mood if she misses the bus. But as we get close, the bus does drive away without her. Now I am really angry. We begin walking back toward the house. I whimsically decide to continue on down the road, since we're out. I notice we are in the sort of desert area, like in Nevada. A rough expedition is forming to take people out into the desert and see the sights. I decide I want to go. It would be fun. I go up to the male guide who is standing by a jeep like black vehicle. I say, Here's the deal. I want to come on this trip but I don't have the right clothes or equipment. I don't even have shoes on and am in my pajamas. The man laughs at me. Then he becomes thoughtful and gives me a set of papers and says read this. I look at it and see it is an elaborate code. I casually read out a few words as I begin to understand the code. I see target and nuclear and buildings. As I say these words, the man realizes I can break the code. So he says OK, we'll get you the right equipment and you can come with us, but your job will be to read this code. I agree, realizing this is important military stuff. We are now in the vehicle and I am driving up a very steep sandy muddy road. I am having fun squirreling around in the mud. The man is observant and impressed with my skills. We crest the hill and I look down the steep road and see in the distance the lights of a big city, like Las Vegas. It is very beautiful. We go down the hill. I am using the brakes. Charla wants us to go fast and I say that's too dangerous. I read somewhere it is a delusion to think it'd be fun then you get too fast and can't stop. I ride the brakes skillfully.