["Scam artists at work."] I am the owner of a gas station/cafe in some small town. I am also working on some project, making something. I have a huge back room that might have once been a factory. High ceilings, row lights, large windows on the left and many rows of long tables. I come in and notice that it seems dark. I turn on the lights but it is not enough for the detail work I will be doing. I am frustrated. Lydia is there and I say to her I need to figure out how much money I am making in this business and what is selling. I think maybe nothing much is selling. I don't even think I have any employees in the front working the cafe. I look out the front window and see a woman sponging off some merchandise on racks. Oh, maybe I have one. I should be supervising her. I lie down on a table while Lydia and I are talking. I stretch my legs out across the couch next to the table. I realize my mother is sitting there and I apologize if I made her uncomfortable. She smiles and says no, not a problem go ahead and rest them on me. Then I say to Lydia maybe I should change this business and sell what I love doing and what people want. I suggest chocolate desserts. Lydia reminds me we already tried that. She baked them and worked as waitress, but nobody bought them. Then I suggest a book store. I ask Dwight if this town already has a book store. Then I see through the window that two twin girls are spraying water with a hose and ruining things. I quickly go out there and as I walk toward the girl, she sprays me. I determinedly walk to her and take the hose from her. She is uppity and I tell her she's in trouble now. She laughs at me and says maybe the hose was stolen and maybe it was mine. She runs outside to the car where her mother and father are. I chase after her. I see the mother and demand her name and say I will sue her for the damages. I lecture her on how mothers are responsible for supervising their children and she wasn't doing that. She is smirky and sassy. I demand her name. She laughs and gets into the car. The Father comes out and I ask him her name. He says her name is Balboa, spelled boacea. Her middle name is baby eyes, spelled baby ies. I search for a paper in my pocket and find one already written on so I try to find clear space to write on. It is difficult to do. I ask for the phone number and he says the newspaper, boxes between 0 and 12 and you must call at precisely 8:00 or it won't work. By this time I realize they are scam artists and aren't giving me valid information. I try to read their license plate number on the car and remember what they look like to report them to the police.