["Wild landscape."] I am in a cafe. The puzzle contest is being held. I find a table and chair to sit in. I am on a balcony area. I hear the woman Leighanne from NPR talking with Will the puzzle man. I hear the questions and the answers from a male contestant. In the middle of it, I decide this is boring and I get up and leave. I walk outside. I immediately notice the buildings as I look at them more closely are very ornate and wonderfully weird. I see what looks like a black and white mural on a building. As I look more closely it is an alcove with moving statues in it. A woman statue looks at me and says MaMa. I stop and watch. She moves and changes into yet another woman statue and says MaMa to me again. I walk on. I turn and look behind me. I am seeing the mountain landscape behind the city in stereo close up. As though I am looking through a moving telescope. I see the snow clad mountain slopes, the meadows and so on. It is very pretty. Then I turn again and see the city street is filled with a river. I peek around a building column and see the river is quite wild with rapids. I notice the river is rising. I look a the curb by where I am standing. It seems to be wild, but not rising. I walk along its edge. Then the scene changes and I am in a factory. I am the supervisor of the women operators. They each have a tiny desk where they do their work. Sort of data entry kinds of things. Maybe getting orders over the phone. I am walking along a balcony ledge addressing them with orientation information. Behind me are offices where the male bosses are observing me. They like the sexy way I walk and dress. I have a projection screen with the instructions up there and I am giving them instructions on how best to do their job. I tell them that it is fine they are wearing jeans and informal wear at work but each one must buy one dress which they will be required to wear four times a year at work functions. I tell them that any dress will be fine as long as it isn't low cut or the hem too high or too tight and revealing. I tell them the grey haired men who work in those offices will be too distracted with such dresses and you will lose your job.