["Silly bathroom rules."] I am at a conference. At an expensive hotel. We have a full agenda of workshops all day. Then we must take a short break and then do an evening workshop too. At the break, I am in my room. Apparently I have roommates, one of which is male. He is seated on the bed as he puts on his shoes. I am lying on the bed as I started to fall asleep because I was so tired. But I force myself to wake up to get ready for the next workshop. He says I don't have to go. Someone can take my name and some identifying information like my driver's license number. He looks at me. I say well, that would be cheating and decide not to help him. I Disapprove of his attitude. Now I am going down the hall to a bathroom. I need to pee. But the security guard stops me. He says just a minute. How many times have you used the bathroom today? I am surprised and say why? He says we have rules. You are only allowed to go at certain amount of times. I look into the large lobby area and see many people lined up waiting for their turn. I am frustrated and annoyed. He tells me to wait in line. I pace back and forth very angry. I say Fuck. Fuck. Over and over. An attendee, male, says why are you wasting your energy being angry? I pause and consider this. I say reasonably, You have a good point. I stop swearing, but I continue to be frustrated. Now I see Maggie, in her wheelchair. They call her name. I say Hi to her as she tries to walk up the stairs to the bathroom dragging her manual wheelchair with her. I am talking with some man on my right about how ridiculous these rules are. I tell him with some pride that I know her. Now I am looking at a brochure of the place and see a snapshot of me, in my polyester blue and white jacket, with my hair permed. Like when I was at the community college. I am surprised. I say oh yes, I remember. I was doing physical therapy at the community college and they asked to take my picture to use in state brochures about this. It is a moving picture like a video. I am seated and I am walking around in the background. Now I tell someone I drink 7 glasses of water a day and need to pee frequently. They show me the schedule. Between 3 and 4 you can pee at 3:08 and at 3:40 and so on. This won't help me, I say. Then I look at my watch and see that it is 8:20pm. I am late for the workshop. I try to decide if I should just hold it and go to the workshop or stay and wait. I try and figure out if I can go to my hotel room and pee there.