["Sci fi scary movie."] I am exhausted and decide to sleep in the small two roomed house, next to my regular house. I lie down on my back on the ugly bed and am so tired. Then I am restless and get up. The place looks like a run down motel room. Blue print cotton curtains all wrinkled and open. I try and get them closed. Everything is a mess. I look out the window and see the little girl laying out a blanket and putting their teddy bears and dolls on the blanket. I lock the front door with chains and locks. I walk through the messy kitchen and lock one of the back doors, leaving the other two open so Bootsie can get in. I had cuddled her for a moment in the bed and she got restless and ran outside. I saw another cat scurry under the back door, so I decided that's how Bootsie came in and left the other two open so she would get back in. I worry about that leaving me vulnerable to burglars or bad guys. I am angry at Ellie for making such a mess. and here I am in the inferior house and she is in my good regular house. Dovre is there. As I am complaining about Ellie making such a mess, I look out the window, It is now dark out and the little girls have gone back inside. I think it odd they decided to set up their "picnic" so close to dark. I go outside to look. That's when I notice the front of the "house" is the driver's side of my van. The door is off the hinges and sitting in the van and a big bashed up area. She'd had an accident and didn't tell me. I am angry. I call out "Joe!" I go back into the house. A young 1950's hood (JD) stands there, Richard, also a young JD who was staying with our family. I accuse Joe "my brother" of messing up the house and wreaking the van. I yell at him, accusing him. I see gopher trails and holes all over the kitchen floor. Mud droppings all over. Joe and Richard run. I accuse Richard who runs up a hill. He's running away because I am accusing him. I realize this is bad, so I call out, "We can work this out. We love you anyway. He hesitates and then returns. Now we go into the regular house where I see my "Dad" an older Italian kind of guy in a T-shirt and pot belly. He invents things and has 2 "products" he is excited about marketing. They are minor silly things but he takes it all very seriously. A neighbor woman, young, pretty and sexy comes in and leans on him, her expansive cleavage showing. My "Dad" and Richard are flirting and staring at her breasts. She has dark hair. My "mother" is in the house, an unhappy woman. I angrily tell the young woman she must leave and never flirt with my "Dad" again. She laughs at me and I threaten her. I force her out the back door. She is backing out teasing me about how I can't stop her. She falls backward into a creek and I laugh and taunt her. I yell watch out for the snakes. There is a lot of green algae there and she screams and is frightened, struggling to get out of the murky water. I laugh at her. I go back in. Joe and Richard are working with my "father." "Dad" is sympathetic of my anger at Joe for ruining my van just after I spent $1500 on a new engine. He will have to work hard difficult jobs for long hours to pay me for the damages to the van. He also has to clean up my house. Then I see a giant tarantula leg walking over me. It is trying to wrap me in a web and I struggle. I realize these giant things are my "Dad's" creation, made to destroy my "mother." I struggle away and run outside knowing they've already killed my "mother." Now slimy snake like things are coming up out of the ground and grabbing for me. I run into my house very afraid. Joe and Richard are working for my "Dad" and now they are searching for me. I hide under a long box (wooden, rectangle). The size of a coffin, turned over me. They are plotting to kill me. Now I the dream "ego" see two of "me" running insanely out to the road and standing in front of an oncoming car which caused us to glow as the lights hit us. It was the police. They ran over us. We died. We were insane and trying to die because of the madness of my "brother" and "Dad" and all those giant snakes and spiders were too scary.