["Accept!!"] I am in a hospital. I get up and walk wondering how it is possible to be able to step down on my left foot. I hear a turd fall to the floor from my butt. I am in an open, long room. A nurse and Mabel are there. I decide to use the potty chair but see the screen isn't in place around it. I walk over there and see a red icky mess under the potty pan I am relieved it was someone else's turd that fell. Mabel suggests we go for a walk. I ask again, in surprise, is it really OK for me to use my left foot. She says no problem. We walk out a side door to a weedy messy courtyard area in the back of the building. I see various cute animals that look like possums wandering around. A big yellow bird in a box moves right behind my knees and tries to bump into me as I walk. I am looking behind me at it, laughing at how cute it is. Mabel calls my attention to an owl like bird by the wall with huge glowing yellow eyes. Then Mabel snaps to attention hearing something. I look out the courtyard and to the street. I see some teen girls walking along. One girl is angry at the other. She says, "You shouldn't pick the roses!" She repeats that over and over. I realize it is Mabel's daughter and Mabel runs over to her to talk. I am left alone. A rowdy group of JD's gather around me. They threaten to beat me up. I try to talk them out of it. They force me to walk back toward the back of the courtyard. I yell out "Help. Help." Mabel help me." The teen boys laugh at me. I ask them why they are going to do this! They shrug and say just because I was there. They walk ahead of me. I run away from them back toward the street. I choose to hide myself under a thatch of scratchy bushes. I am uncertain this is a good decision. I rustle around, trying to hide myself. I wonder if I should try to run again. The teens find me easily. They laugh at me. I realize they are going to beat me up. and there's nothing I can do to avoid it so I stoically stand there, chatting with them, waiting for it to be over with. This somehow impresses them and the dream ends without the beating.