I was at some sort of show where Elvis Presley was singing and also making drawings on poster paper. I wanted to get a picture for my boyfriend as a memento because he likes Elvis so much. The drawing that was at my table had gotten wet and I had to throw it away. So I went over to Elvis and asked him to draw something else so I could give it to my boyfriend. He tore off a piece of paper and wrote something on it. All I could read was, "To my good Buddy." ...Then he invited me to his apartment later. I was walking around an apartment complex to find out where he lived. I stopped and asked two men who were standing around talking which apartment was Elvis's? They told me the apartment number and I went up to the door and knocked.  My best friend from high school opened the door and I was a little surprised because she is married to someone else. She said she left her husband for Elvis. When I asked her why, she said, "But this is Elvis Presley." I could see her point. Then I was in another apartment where I was getting a Christmas gift from someone I was supposed to be working with. It was a film advancer. While he was showing me how to use it, he broke the film that was in it. Then he and I tried to fix the film so that it could be used. Then I was with one of my ex-housemates and one of our sorority sisters. We were talking about going shopping for groceries and we talked about how this guy that I work with is a real player. We were also talking about one of our other sorority sisters, but I'm not sure why. Then I was back in the apartment with the guy that I work with when Heather Locklear entered the room and he took my gift from me and gave it to her. She smiles wickedly and throws the gift back at him sort of wrapping it around his head. So then he tried to give me back the gift. I didn't care that he tried to give the gift away after giving it to me because I had no feelings for him whatsoever. I took the gift back because I happened to like it to begin with. Then I was in a lecture and a guy from my perception lab group comes in and sits down next to me. He doesn't look like he usually does. There is a really annoying older woman sitting in the front of the class who is taking up all of the professor's time. I comment to my group member about this lady's annoying behavior. Then she stops talking and looks over at me. 