["Mermaids and crabs."] I am in a radio station lobby. Waiting. A group of kids (teens are there. I think they are the Hallmark kids. They have lots of energy. They are messy. They've been eating and paper plates and so on are all over. I am trying to pick up the mess. It then falls off my lap. They help me get it off the floor. I am in my power wheelchair. I decide I want to take the garbage to the office area and throw it away. I try to find a door to the office. I struggle past furniture and stuff to one door. It is closed. I turn and retrace my route to the lobby. One of the Hallmark kids walks with me. They think I shouldn't go to the office. That'' the inner sanctum and I shouldn't interrupt. A tall thin man in a manual wheelchair dressed in a fancy white tuxedo wheels past me to the door I turned away from. I think of warning him but don't. I see another door, but it is too narrow for my chair. Then I find the door to the hall. I go in and turn right, down the hall. I enter the office at the end of the hall. I see a group of women in mermaid suits seated in a fake blue "ocean" and taking phone calls. I get the attention of one of them and hand her the small pile of papers and leaves "garbage" I'd collected. She opens an appointment book and says put it in here. I say really? Not sure that makes sense. She says sure, why not? I shrug and put them in. Then I ask her why they are dressed as mermaids when they are dealing with people on the phone who can't see them. She says Oh, we don't have to wear the mermaid suits. We can wear our gym outfits or other costumes. I realize she hadn't really answered my question but don't pursue it. I turn and leave back down the hall. Dovre is with me now. I am carrying in my right hand a sort of orange spongy sea creature with a tiny yellow crab in it. It keeps trying to snip at me with its claws. Dovre is excited about a product for sale. She wants me to buy it. She points to the box (we went into a room on the right) and says see, you can get fireworks. I say to her, I don't want fireworks. She continues to express with enthusiasm how wonderful fireworks are. I say if you want this, you buy it. I then ask her if she wants to hold the crab as it is trying to snip me. She says no thanks. I carry it looking for a place to get rid of it or put it down. I am annoyed with Dovre.