["Crazy man wont go away."] I decide to move into a New York apartment. I find my apartment door and open to discover it is a very tiny room. In fact two different apartment doors open onto the same tiny space. I am very disappointed. I go next door and peek in. It's a nice room. The woman says hi. She walks me down the hall to the next room which is huge and spacious, a sort of community sitting room we can use sometimes. A man in a towel and shower cap steps out. I feel embarrassed. He doesn't seem to mind there are people in his room. We go out into the hall. I step down the large steps and try and find my own apartment doors. It is hard. But I find them and go in. I stand there trying to figure out how to place the furniture. A man, plump and round, and short, with a very round head with short curly almost fuzzy hair knocks on my door and then walks right in. I say hey, this is my apartment. He ignores me. I feel afraid. I think he is a crazy man. I edge out of the apartment and go to the next door apartment. The woman invites me in and I say can I use your phone? There is this weird guy out here. She says sure.. The crazy round man comes right in and he has a son, a smaller version of himself with him. He won't leave. I pick up the phone and say in hushed tones 911. A woman answers and I whisper the address, and they need to come right away because this crazy man wont leave and he might be harmful. I stand there holding the phone waiting for a response. Meanwhile, the son is gone and a baby girl with his same fuzzy hair is there. I pick her up and she is very affectionate. She puckers up and gives me sweet kisses on the cheek. I see the shirt she is wearing has her name on it. Nadia Davis. And a bunch of writing indicating she is from the Catholic charities. I wonder if this is valid information or if the man dressed her like that to fool people. He is standing very close and glaring at me. I feel nervous.. I cuddle the baby trying to ignore the man as I wait for the 911 people to answer. No one comes.