["Al Gore dream."] I am still in the New York apartment building of the last dream. The young wife, like Helen Hunt, with red hair, had tried to decorate her tiny apartment. I went in and saw two low couches in garish colors, a golden fur cover on one and multiple colored fake fur on the other. She says this room is too small. She is very disappointed and upset trying to make the furniture work. I sit on one couch, complaining that I will never be able to get out of it because of my knees and she will have to help pull me out. I see the other couch right across from me, the multicolored one is higher and wished I had sat on it. Then I see the baby girl. My god, I said. You had a baby. She smiles distractedly at me. I look more closely and see it is just like the baby the crazy round man of the last dream had with him. I am shocked. You stole a baby? I exclaim. She denies it, trying to change the subject. I say you can't just steal a baby! What will your husband think. Are you going to tell him it's his or that you stole it? She is very upset and won't answer me. She walks out of the room and across the hall. I follow her. We step into a tiny closet sized room and I say to her you have to do something. She paces, wildly thinking it over. She says but it does have red hair, like me. Now we return to her tiny apartment and her husband, Al Gore is there. The round man from the previous dream comes in and is now her brother. He says that's the same baby I stole. You have to give it back. Al looks confused. Helen says you're right. I will. But I really like her. I say she's a good kisser. The baby puckers up and kisses sweet baby kisses at Helen. We agree she is cute. Helen takes the baby to return it to it's people. Al Gore sits down suddenly on the multi colored couch and shakes his head quizzically. He says to himself in unbelieving accents, "He actually fixed a problem: referring to the dead beat brother, as he is usually the problem, not a solution maker. Al is disappointed in himself for not figuring it out himself. A woman from the democratic reception room comes in and says we need you in the reception room right now. Al tiredly gets up and goes. I follow along and pop into a long room with tables set up with snacks etc. on them. I hurriedly check the signs to make sure I am in the democratic room, not the republican one. I am in the democratic room. I see many people all dressed up in weird pink cellophane wrap costumes lining up to go out and rally for Gore. They are all tall and look like giant bottles shapes would look like if wrapped in cellophane with a ribbon tied at the top. They pass me in single file. An organizer woman says to me can you walk? I say not for long, but I could wheelchair it, except for all the stairs. No good, she says. There are stairs at the door. I wander over to the snack table which is nearly empty saying under my breath. There are stairs everywhere. I look over to Al Gore hoping he heard me, as that is something he should be fixing. He is of course paying attention to the campaign people and didn't hear. The woman asks if I want a snack and I see the large red and white sausages and say, no, there's nothing here that I can eat, what with my Atkins diet. I leave and return to the tiny apartment. Now the woman that used to live next door has moved in with Helen, Al Gore and myself. We have a second small room adjoining the tiny one. She and Al are in the tiny room talking. The woman says she sure wishes she could have her own place there is no privacy here. I step into the next room to look at what's in it. A piano, some odds and ends of furniture. No bed. I wonder where we will all sleep. I look into an open doorway and see a shower room. I say so that's what a roll in shower room would look like. It is white and bare and ugly. No toilet, just a big shower. Then a stream of water pours down on me at the doorway. Hurriedly I back away saying and its wet. Now the water is spraying out all over the room with the piano. I call out for help. Al comes in and looks but doesn't do anything. A maintenance man rushes in and tries to fix it but now the water rushes out in a major stream, knocking him over. I notice his bare butt as he washes past me.