["The blue fish story."] I am seated mid-air, listening to some lecture or some offer being made that could be good for me (or whoever gets it). A small fuzzy slipper shaped yellow and black stripped creature (there are 2 of them) zip around in the air. One of them comes to me and holds tightly to the bottom of my left foot. As it presses snugly up against my heel, I feel it humming and vibrating vigorously. It is intense, almost uncomfortable, but I also feel a bit honored it is doing this. I seem to understand it is trying to help me to get the offered thing the lecturer is talking about. Then the creature flies me fast up to the ceiling and back down to where I was seated in the air. It repeats this a number of times. I am concerned I will bump my head on the ceiling but it never happens. Now he pulls me down to the floor near the offer being made. I repeat this several times. Then he flies me around the room. I am concerned I am distracting the lecturer or disturbing the few other people there also seated in mid-air. Then the creature brings me to the place where the lecturer is. Only, now there is a large poster with some instructions and graphics. I am thought instructed to push the area marked G2. I push it, a little confused which area is the right one to push. It lights up with blue light. Apparently I've entered to try and get the offer. Now two young business men are speaking. They are explaining the offer they will give people. Land, a house and help them get started to build their lives as they wish. The second young man cautions them everyone not to get too complacent and expect everything to be supplied to them. They must help themselves and be active workers on their project. Now it seems I have won the offer. I am given a small package to open, but first I notice the two fuzzy creatures are wrapped uncomfortably in red clothes. I help them by removing the red coverall wrappers so they are free. Then I unwrap the package. A blue fish (the size of a goldfish is there, no water. I realize I need to get it in water. I carry it quickly to a kitchen sink and grab a red/gold bowl and pour water from the faucet. I then notice it is warm water which might harm the fish. So I adjust the water to cold. The blue fish slips into the sink where the water is warm. I scoop him out and into the small fish bowl of cold water. He turns into a gold fish and swims around. Then the bowl is a large aquarium tank. The fish swims around. I see two parts of a dead fish like a trout in there. At first I want to remove it but then realize it will be food for them. I see a few small mosquitos and put them in the tank for food. There I see a cricket and scoop him in there for the fish. The fish is apparently a good special thing that will bring me good things and happiness.