["Crocodile."] I am visiting a house where my mother lives. It is on a river. A patio door opens right onto the river. I stand at the open door and look down into the river. The current is swift as it passes under the house. I look at the bottom of the river and ask how deep it might be. I speculate the river might be 4 feet deep. I feel a twinge of worry that I could fall in and be swept away by the current. I stick my right foot into the water. A large black crocodile appears very close to my foot. I realize my foot is in danger. I know I need to quickly pull my foot out of the water and step back but I don't. I struggle with myself mentally and finally slowly pull my foot back into the house. I step back and the crocodile comes up into the house. Now it is a crocodile boy and walks two legged. It is dangerous to have him in the house. I don't know what to do to get him out. I follow him around to try and keep him from doing any damage. Now a man and a woman come in. They intend to do damage to the top of the chimney so we will be driven out by smoke and then they will steal things. I see clouds of white smoke starting to build up and descend down toward us. I see her reaching from the chimney top to grab at objects on a shelf to steal. She is a clown/comedic performer. I am angry at her. I tell her to stop. She laughs and ignores me. Now she is in the house and doing a comedy performance to a small group of people. I stand on the side angrily watching. I want her to leave. Somehow I take over the performance area and try to do her routine from her notes. I fumble along adlibbing as best I can. I do OK, but it's a bit lame. She watches sort of pulling me down, but a small bit of respect is there. I come off the "stage" and say to a friend, she didn't even have a script. Only some pictures. That was hard to do. I am mellowing my attitude about her as well. Now I'm in another room. My mother comes in and says look at my new hair cut. I tell her I like it. It makes her look years younger. At first it looks like a page boy bouffant style. Her hair is brown. As I look more closely, I see her hair is buzz cut on the left side as she faces me and there are hair stubble on her cheek. The top is combed over to the right and then curls down around her ear. The stubble is unattractive and I am very surprised at the modern buzz cut style. This is not usual for my mother.