["Dream program presentation."] I am at an ASD conference. It's the middle of the night. I'd been working hard on my dream program and the research on my dreams. A man, friendly and attracted to me, is very interested in the findings of my work. I tell Charla my granddaughter she needs to go to bed now. I shut down the computer even though the man is still very interested in my dream program work. I need to leave to give my presentation. I am now at the conference. I walk up a few steps to the stage area and to the podium. I look down at the audience noticing the high backed pews they are sitting in. They seem to be a it far away. I begin my talk. I am aware of a pile of papers on the podium. A bit messy. I wonder where I should start. I begin to describe how we can search a root word and get all the syntaxed versions of the word.. I proudly announce I have a 15,000 word dictionary, melted down from my... I mean Barbara Sanders... many dreams over 25 years. I see audience members smiling at my slip of the tongue I make the same slip often. I'm not fooling anyone. I begin to talk about the category system, how it started with the Hall/van De Castle system. About this time, I realize I'm getting enthusiastic about describing how my dream program works and how I created this and this. I shift the topic to the research results, which is the main topic of the presentation. I announce I am very excited about the results of my research. I studied my...Barb Sanders nightmares. I found a very high pattern of the feeling "resistance."` and not fear or disgust as I had expected. Then I found a high level of a "sense of peace" This really interests the audience. I say, let me show you the results on the transparency. I look to my right and realize the assistant did not have the overhead projector set up. I rush over and try to find the transparencies and do it myself. I see piles of them and leaf through them but don't find mine. I am aware I could lose the audience with this distraction and go back to the podium and continue with my presentation without the transparencies saying perhaps the assistant is merely late and will yet show up. He never shows up and I continue the presentation.