["Get out of my way."] I am a young well built woman wearing a red business style suit. I walk into a room to be at a workshop. I am a bit late and the room is so crowded that many women are standing. I squeeze in I am way in the back behind all the other women. I can't see very well. I keep trying to get a better look at the presenter. I'd heard he is a very handsome man and an excellent presenter. When ever I see a glimpse of him, I am not happy with his appearance. He seems short and not particularly handsome. I try and change how he looks. I think "Michael J. Fox" but he doesn't really improve. As he speaks, slowly the crowd shifts or decreases enough so that he can see me. I am aware of how good I look and he does notice. He is attracted to me. After the workshop, he comes over to talk with me. We are interrupted in our attempt to get to know each other by a disabled man with CP. He wants some assistance getting things organized so he can manage better independently. The handsome man isn't too helpful but he does try. The disabled man is impatient with the handsome man. After a desk has been moved and organized better, the handsome man lies on the floor I follow over to where he is, but the disabled man insists that I watch him. The disabled man felt that the handsome man had slowed him down or blocked him from showing me how fast he can move on a push cart. The disabled man gets on the push cart and goes to the opposite end of the room from me. He says look. I feel a bit annoyed or thwarted because this is getting in the way of me approaching the handsome man. It takes time to stop and watch him and the path of the push cart is between me and the handsome man. The disabled man doesn't wait for me to respond. He rushes as fast as he can across the room having to avoid hitting the prone handsome man. I say impatiently to the disabled man (over my shoulder as I continue to walk toward the handsome man) Great. You did that in 3 seconds (which really is impressive and fast.)