["Helping the horse."] I am at a sort of apartment building, staying for a week or so. I am in a kitchen area. I am trying to pack my things to go home. I see a curio cabinet and remember I need to put things back in there the way it was before I arrived and moved them. As I'm looking around to get my things, an old "cowboy" comes in singing a country western song. I don't think he sings all that well. I leave the kitchen and start going up some flights of stairs. Some of the stairs go down but somehow the direction in general is up. The next flight seems broken. I try and arrange the boxes that make up the flight which is laying on a flat floor. Then I see an iron and an ironing board. I remember I need to iron my pink dress. A woman comes over and says Hi. She says too bad you're leaving. We could have been good friends. She's an artist. I agree. She leaves. I iron the flounce on the hem of the dress. The steam iron works well and gets the wrinkles out. Now I leave. I get on a beautiful powerful dark horse. He has lots of energy. I guide him to the edge of the cement highway. I hold him back from running as it's not a good safe surface for him to run. A car pulls in front of us and I look back to see if the traffic is clear so we can go around the car on the highway. I see a car but decide we have enough time and guide the horse out there. The horse refuses and pulls back. We fall. I get up and pull on the reins to get him up. I feel badly because he was right. It was dangerous to go out there. I start to get on him. I pat his neck affectionately. He looks at me and then looks at his feet. I know he's trying to tell me something. I look at his feet and say do you need the ankle taped? He nods. I say which one. He points his nose at the left rear one. I see a black plastic piece on the road and pick it up. He nods yes. I say OK. I'll go get some tape. I walk up a graveled driveway and see an old shed garage and go in. I see a man putting up his rock band equipment. On his right a sort of biker is fixing things. I see a roll of scotch tape. I go to him and ask if I can borrow some tape. He's grumpy and complains about people who take from others. I say to him, forget it, I don't need this crap, as he started to reach out to shake my hand. He quickly pulls his hand back. I realize I'd blown it. Seems he changed his mind and was going to give me the tape. I say never mind, I'll find tape from someone else and walk out. I see an open door on my left. A woman lies on the floor on her belly painting the bottom edge of the door. I ask her if I could borrow some tape. She thinks about it and says yeah, she had some special tape. She rolls or crawls on her belly over inside and gets a sheet of textured tape and carefully cuts a short piece. I needed one longer but decide to make do with it. She gives it to me and gets distracted by a small hole in her wall at the baseboard. She exclaims over and over at something she sees in there. I get the impression its mice or bugs. Oh dear, oh dear! She says. Then she tells me she's an artist and a vegan. I lean in to see what she sees. "A squirrel" I say. I thank her for the tape and return to the horse and carefully wrap his ankle with the black plastic and the tape. The biker guy had followed me and he sees I really did need the tape for a good reason. He feels badly he didn't help.