I am in a large ship. I see a TV and wonder who's it is. I figure out it is Ellie's. Lots of my things are on this ship. Charla is there, as a baby. Ginny is there. Suddenly there is a loud explosion. The ship is blown into a billion pieces. I am now swimming in the water. I am desperately looking for something floating piece I can cling to. At first, I don't see any. Then I find a small white square of something. Now I am frantically searching for Charla and Ginny. I feel sad they are probably dead. I notice lots of my things on the bottom of the water. Before it was dark and deep but now it is shallow. I could probably stand up. I am near the shore. (like a lake.) I see wooden buildings of a camp near by. I get back to my home. I am very relieved to find Charla and Ginny there. Charla is about 9 months to a year old, all in white a sweet baby bonnet on her head. She is plump and chubby cheeked. I go to her and pick her up. Hugging her, I mention she has a Doctor's appointment. Ginny and maybe Ellie as a child start to walk down the street. They will meet us at Dr. Smythe's office. Bonnie and I follow. I'm carrying Charla. Bonnie becomes distressed. She thought we'd be riding in the van. She stops and complains its too far to walk. I say here's the key. You go back and get the van and meet me there. She agrees. Now I am carrying a small kitten, playful and sweet. I walk. The sidewalk becomes blocks of wood and I come to a wall. I hop down off the sidewalk onto the dirt street and walk. Now I am at the camp that I saw from the water. Three paths branch out from the one I'm on. One curves around the left back to the camp. One curves to the right. One goes straight. I walk it up the hill. It is steep. Then at the top, I get confused. I see to my right and down a small town. Maybe that is Dr. Smythe's office there. I see some people and ask them. They think I have to continue on, her office is at "Vine Maple Leaf" town. I don't know which way to go. I am standing on the edge of the hill and have to step back as my feet are sliding on the dirt like I'm going to fall off. I decide to go down to the small town and check there. The kitten is trying to leap out of my arms.