I was walking around a town that seemed familiar to me, but I had never been there before. Then a woman came up to me and asked me to help her deliver her baby. Someone ran and got her parents. Her mother I recognized from the movie "Titanic" When she came into the room, she was acting silly and out of character. The mother was so relaxed, as if her daughter wasn't having a baby and it was no big deal. I felt a special connection with the baby and mother. When Kate gave birth, the scene changed to a gym full of men and Bill Cosby was one of them. I was trying to find the baby's father. Then the scene switched again and I was holding the baby and it turned out that I might be the mother. I was trying to find the father and in my dream it was the father who had given birth to the baby. The character who is the baby's father changed three times. First it was someone I used to date a couple of years ago, second it was a boy I knew from high school, and third it was John Lauraquette. The first two characters I saw as very irresponsible. When the character changed to John Lauraquette I was in the corner room of a restaurant. Some of my girl friends were there wondering how I could be the mother. I remember having sex with the father, but I never thought that a guy could be pregnant. The father was being cold to me and a girl with blonde hair came up to the father and was flirting with him. Then she came and introduced herself me and I told her my name. I said it kind of off-handedly because I was interested more in the baby. This girl got really angry at the way I answered her and started to pick a fight with me. She started swinging her arms at me. I defended myself but had no desire to fight her. I didn't want to start a scene in a public restaurant. Then she stopped fighting and sat near the baby. The father told the girl I was the baby's mother and even though we didn't like each other, I still had a right to be there. Then she kissed him on the cheek and then a more intimate one on the mouth, just to spite me. I didn't care that they were kissing. I just thought it was tacky, considering they were in a public restaurant. 