["Domhoff conference."] I have traveled to California to spend a few days with Bill Domhoff and the graduate students again as they work on my dreams. We are standing on a sidewall outside the University buildings. Bill says on Tuesday we will camp out in a tent here. I find this unusual and strange but just say oh, OK. I wonder if the storm water grate at the corner will work for a toilet. Bill goes off to do something. Melissa, a grad student, stays with me to visit. I ask if we have any scheduled events that first evening. She doesn't know. Now a man gives me a ride. We talk as we travel through the huge cities streets. I get out and he goes on. I see what I thought was a bus stop. I cross the street to discover it's a street light. I now realize I'm stranded in the outskirts of a large city with no bus to get back. I'm in my power chair. I go to a gas station to ask if there's any buses down the road. The man is very busy. I get out of my power chair and get into a car in the backseat. Other people are in the car. It's being repaired. First the car is tilted up to the left and I roll over toward this man in the backseat. Then we are tilted to the right. It's like a carnival ride. Now I'm the only person in the car and it tips up on it more and twirls very fast. Now the ride is over and I get out. I hope my chair is parked safely out of the way of the car. Melissa is one of the people there. I tell her my predicament. She is concerned for me. I suggest that after her car is repaired we could put my chair in her trunk and I'd ride with her. She hesitates and then agrees but I know she's worried. She mentions a concern about her paint job being scratched up. I say to her directly I know you don't want to do this so I'll find another way. She is relieved but I am stuck. I say I'll have to hire a handicab and that will cost lots of money. Over $100. She is sorry for me but not helpful. I ask the man owner if I can use his telephone. He agrees. Then I burst into nervous tears. Melissa asks what's wrong? I say Oh, I'm just upset and hungry. I'll miss my dinner, The man says there's a restaurant near by. Melissa tells me it will be an hour before the handicab shows up. So we start walking to find the restaurant, me in my chair. I see through large glass windows a group of five male employees at another repair bay that are fighting. One of them sees me and thinks I am a customer. He is very anxious to explain why they are fighting and he tries very hard to stop the fighting. I wave my hands to indicate I'm not a customer. I am now sitting with Melissa on the street edge waiting for the handicab. I complain bitterly about how much it will cost and how in E City we have accessible buses everywhere. I wished I'd not ridden with that man.