I'm in a car with Dan, William Shatner, and somebody else - Shatner's driving. We're all talking and there's a car coming the other way rather badly, and I turn around to watch it. Sure enough, it hits another car head-on and I watch carefully because it's the first wreck I've ever actually seen in person. I remark this to the others, but when I turn around again there's nothing to see, both cars still drive and they're going round a corner to deal with the insurance, etc. Meanwhile there's a parked car in our lane and I remind Shatner of it, I don't think he's paying attention. He says it's ok. We get where we're going, but I don't know if it's a house or what. Later I'm at a party. Seems to be a costume party, and I've got on something rather elegant. I'm milling around looking for somebody to talk to, and I know a lot of these people but I don't feel comfortable and mostly I just greet them and let them go on and look for somebody who I'm sure wants to be with me. Eventually I go up some stairs, wide and curving - this is a posh place - and come into a long wide hallway or lobby rather like the ones in hotels outside the ballrooms, with couches and coffee tables. Some other people are there. One of them (but not noticeably Bonnie) knows I've been having trouble with my neck; I think she thinks it's my back. She wants me to try to bend backwards the way we did the other night for a stretch, and I don't want to really try it. Partly it's because I don't want to appear weak, partly because I don't want to find I can do it and be seen to be all right after all - which is partly because I'll be thought of as faking it. Dan and Lynn and Jane and Ken appear and I think, they will help me out here - maybe I can join them now and get away from these people's attention - they know I s____ (I can't describe what I think except that I think of their presence as rescue from the situation.) Later I step (duck?) into a bathroom that's fortuitously unoccupied (this place has been busy) and poke around some. The light's very dim, I don't look for a switch. It's longer than usual, quite fancy, shower stall, and something's interesting that's left of the door. Don't know what it is that I'm wanting to see closer, but I step in and find the floor all squishy. It's been leaking again, bad. This (thing - closet? shower stall? other mechanism?) has been repaired, big-time, and I think it's looking pretty shabby - I'm thinking of Mary Tod, this is her place, and classy people like her aren't supposed to have leaky bathrooms. I wonder if I should back out in case it wants to fall on my head, but I want a closer look at something inside and step in.