["Weird roommates from the radio."] I am moving into a house. I enter and begin to look around at the rooms. Suddenly I find I have at least four male roomies that are military pilots. They had already moved in and have their things in drawers and so on. I try and talk to them to find out about how we are going to arrange things. They don't talk to me and ignore me. I am annoyed. Then one of them begins to talk about writing. I find the subject very interesting and begin to answer but he just continues talking, asking me questions and then not giving me a moment to answer. I get increasingly angry and annoyed. He talks about not lecturing and so on in the writing. Then he abruptly leaves, the rest of them going outside with him. I get up. I have a long outer coat on and look into a closet for a place to hang it. I try several times but it falls off the weird elaborate hanging devices. I decide a big hook on the door will work fine. I open the side door to the side yard to see where those roomies went. I see a white cat like creature with a human head. I see the roomies are in the house next door. They continue to ignore me. I decide to walk for a bit outside to help me get over my anger. I walk down the sidewalk past the house the roomies are in, right next door. I see the inside of the house is gutted and a terrible mess. I then see them and their friends in the side yard again. I walk over to them and try to talk to their women friends. They are uppity and silent. I return to the house. I decide to evict them. I go to each one as they wander around the house an invisible eviction letter. They reach out and take it. Finally they all leave and I start examining what rooms I have. I open one door and find an empty narrow small room with a door at the other end. I walk in and see dotted lines on one wall indicating woven drawers, very large ones in the wall. I pull one open and see it could be used as a youth bed. It has a blanket in it. I see there is one snort drawer and two big ones in a row. That's good. Then I see there is now a bathtub on that wall. Now I'm thinking these drawers could be great storage drawers for towels and so on. Much more space and storage than my own house (40th Ave). I then turn and see a wall mounted shower hand held device and am very happy to see this. There is no toilet or sink those are in the next room. I am pleased with this arrangement. A roll in accessible shower room with a tub for the others, such as guests. I then go to the bathroom which has the toilet and sink. This house is changing into a nice place to live.