["Beautiful dream pictures."] I am in a house. Family is visiting, like a reunion. Aunt Charlotte, Dwight and Jake and others. A Chinese family is there. A husband and wife, and their two children, a girl and a boy. I am talking to Dwight and Jake as we sit around a round table. Dwight faces me across the table and Jake sits on my right. We are talking about my mortgage. I tell them I hope to sell the houses in a few years and buy another one, build up rentals. It will be my retirement money, I say. The Chinese woman keeps coming over to show me toys and clothes she bought for her children. She unfolds a cardboard cutout of a dress for the girl. She will have time to grow into it as it is taller than she is. The boy pops by and shows me some face painting mask on his face. I like the colors and compliment him on the look, although it is half rubbed off and smudged now. The Chinese man now sits on my right where Jake was (the brothers are gone now) The children flit in and out showing me what the mother got them. I keep getting interrupted by their energy. They want to share and then pull away and don't want to share. They bring me some pictorial images of their dreams. At first, they look like paintings on newsprint paper with narrative written like on a scroll. I notice the girls clouds with the structure of the world globe map, countries outlined, is very similar to the father's picture. He says they did their dream pictures at the same time so I assume she is using his dream images. I tell the man I am a professional DreamWorker, being a counselor. He is hesitant to show me his dream, but after I say that, he is now eager to share. They are now like 3-d cutout boxes, like a pop up in a book or greeting card. With an additional pop up box added with a house and landscape. I compliment him on the beauty of his presentation of the dream. I say usually people put dreams in a narrative form. I have long been interested in creating a visual pictorial form of sharing the dream. I am excited with his 3-d cut out images.