I am walking from the street to my apartment through the yard. A man with thick dark hair in a business suit, good looking and then stands there waiting for me. I see it is "Bill Domhoff." I greet him, I am pleasantly surprised to see him. He says I'm here in town to see the Red  Bridge opening ceremony. I say you are here in E City? He says yes. I say well, come on in. I see he is standing by a white budding rosebush which is near the wall of the building. He smiles and we begin to walk toward the door. I somehow get a large prickly sticker caught in my left big toe. It hurts. I say I can't reach it to pull it out. I hop down a weird staircase where the wood rails are sort of like gymnastic beams, in dark wood. One step is very long and deep so I must hang on to it with my arms around it and dangle as I go hand over hand down. I make it to the entry door and we go in. I see my father, a very old dottering man with a very serious deaf hearing problem. I ask him to help take the sticker out of my toe. Bill waves his hand in front of my father's face to see if he's alive. My father didn't hear or see us and mumbles and walks away. I ask Bill to help me. I feel embarrassed to ask him to touch my possibly stinky toes. With Bill is a tall good looking man named Dustin Hoffman only he looks like Clint Eastwood. He ends up looking like Clint. Starts out short and lots of dark hair. When I ask Bill to help me with my toe, I ask anyone in the room generally if they'll help. Too embarrassed to ask directly. I am trilled that Dustin is there and hope I can work the fact that I am a scriptwriter into the conversation. I am very hopeful I will be discovered by him and become rich and famous. I'm also glad Bill is there and ask him what he'd like to do while in E City. I'd be happy to show him around. Now Dustin Hoffman is a little upset. An important award he has is in some jeopardy of being broken. We go to another room. A man is pinned and caught on a rope up on the wall and the rope is attached to the award/art piece. A cello with climbing ivy like plants artistically growing up out of the top of the cello. If Dustin clips the rope the award will fall and be ruined. He is upset. I say, I can help you. I am confident and cheerful. I am still hopping a bit because the sticker is still in my toe. They are both worried that I will damage the cello art piece. I pull on the rope and up goes the cello and down comes the man with in my reach. It is now Bill. I must pull his head toward my shoulder to reach the pin holding him on the rope. We are chatting in a friendly manner. I am listing things I have. I mention negligee. He murmurs provocatively I'll bet you don't have them anymore (joking me about my long time without sex.) and I smile provocatively and murmur "Oh yes, I do still have them." We smile at each other flirting. I get him unpinned and released. Now I must pull the original man down to me. He's an old silly professor that now looks like a cute chimp. I hold the chimp in my arms and unhook him from the rope. Dustin/Clint is very happy to have his award back unharmed. I try to read the small engraved plaque with it to see what he got the award for. I can't read it (small print), but I guess he did some humanitarian thing he's being thanked for.