I've just moved into an apartment. A weird crazy man walks in. He grabs a male guest and ties him up and tortures him. I am in the kitchen. Bonnie and another woman are there. I feel fear. I feel guilty for not doing anything to help the man, but if we try and help him, we might get tortured. I try and clean up the kitchen, washing some dishes. Something catches fire on a burner. I try and put out the fire. I see a cell phone and try to find the emergency number to reach the police. I remember 911 and dial it. A woman receptionist answers from some company. I am very surprised. It isn't 911. I whisper so the crazy man won't hear me, although he comes into the kitchen and glares at me suspiciously. I try and tell her the address, I can't remember it because I just moved in. I think the street is Durban Court and the apartment number is 58. I feel very inadequate. I tell her about the man and ask her about the man and ask her to call for help for me. She says no. I am shocked. I hang up and go to the open doorway of the kitchen. I see the man has put objects like matches and pens between the eyeballs and the lower lids. The trapped man doesn't dare move. I feel badly for him. I go back into the kitchen and try to look up the number for 911. I can't find it. Suddenly I see the trapped man is released and in the kitchen behind the stove. He asks me what were we all doing while he was being tortured. I feel guilty and quickly explain I had been trying to call for help. Did he know the number for 911? Or the address? I can't remember the address. Someone knocks on the front door. The crazy man goes to the door and opens it. A man thinks this is his apartment. I take this moment while the crazy man is distracted and go out into the hall and look up above the door for the apartment number. 61. At least I know that now. I hope I hadn't moved into the wrong apartment. Then I see the crazy man is also out in the hall. I hesitate, afraid and then I go in and shut the door locking it. Two doors. The trapped man is worried. If we try and lock him out he'll get angry and want revenge. I am worried about that too but I do it anyway. I lean against the door. The lock seems weak. I think of moving a heavy bookcase up against the door. The crazy man returns and pounds on the door. The door is about to break. Then the crazy man oozes through under the door jam. He is now a "small person." I grab him by the throat and try to strangle him while I hold him up. I go out to the hall and throw him in the elevator. I yell at him not to come back!