I am at a store, garage area. I'm trying to convince an Asian woman to back my play. She keeps popping in and zipping off. She won't sit still and hear my proposition. She gets on a motorcycle like contraption and goes down the street with a boy (9 or 20) on her lap. She helps this guy who owns the store, garage to do business better. She waves her foot which is oddly shaped a bit like a hand. I see she holds her right arm like the hand is missing. She's laughing and playing as she goes on around the corner. I sit there disappointed. I wanted her to back my play. Then the older man owner, comes by and we talk. I share my disappointment with him. He says what the hell, he'll help. All I need is $100,000. As I am thinking I haven't got $100,000. He's asking if I want the 2PM and 9PM dinner breaks catered. I nod yes, I need to find Sparky's (The Asian Woman)'s phone number she gave me. The man and I walk down a road. We are attracted to each other and chatting. I see my plaid blanket on the side of the road with other blankets. I say who put my blanket out here. I am teasing him because he did, made a bed there last night and its really his blanket anyway. Then we get to my room. Lots of books on shelves like a store front only its my bedroom. The man is curious to see my room. I suddenly remember I left the phone number up at his store. I say I'll run up and get it. I run part way back up the road and then fall off the road on the right side. It's like a room with a wall. I get back up, embarrassed. 2 older men are there, the owner and some other nice man. Now there's a slider door across the road. I open the door. A young man jokes about needing to pee. I shut the door, remembering I have the phone number in my room. I go back to my room passing a grandmotherly plump woman seated by Charla saying "She's grown so much since I've seen her. I agree. Then the owner asks me a question and I sigh saying I don't have $100,000. It's a relief to be honest and say that. He asks how much I have. I say $10,000. He says OK. We'll do it.