["Jake, Lydia and me cleaning up."] Jake, Lydia and Me are living in a house together. I think it used to be my parents house, although I've never seen it before. There are two kitchen areas. I am in the room that is like a rec room, only there is a stove. I see it has a gas burner and it is on. The flame shoots high up and I worry that it will catch something on fire. I turn it off. It goes out and then pops back on. It is apparently the pilot light. One spark singes an eyebrow hair I got too close. I open the oven door and see it is on too. There are hamburger patties cooking and a chocolate cake with chocolate and green icing trim. I get a spatula and take them out a piece at a time. I suggest Jake eat some now. I then try and clean up the top of the stove. Lydia is in the kitchen doing dishes. Now we walk down a hall. I point to the floors of the various rooms where carpet had been ripped up and blotches of an ugly green carpet residue is all over the floor in patches. We go into an almost empty room, like a living room. A TV and a recliner chair is there. The TV is at one long end and the chair is clear at another. I suggest me move the chair closer to the TV. I then see it is plugged in and ask Lydia if there is another outlet in the room. We see one. I have to use an adapter plug, but we set it up. I sit in the chair and decide to color for awhile. I pull out a few crayons and chalks and a poster picture. It is a fuzzy dragon creature. I start with giving it pink hair. I want it to be purple on the body. As I color, I look again and it is a curvaceous woman. I am coloring her skin green. I have a yellow chalk I pick up accidentally and color for awhile. Then a large giant stuffed monster kind of creature is in the room. He and all his stuff is at the far end. He doesn't want us there coloring. I say well, if we promise not to come near your side of the room and not color anything of yours is it ok if we stay? He says yes. Now the picture is a man in an outdoor cooking apron. I continue coloring.