["Visiting mom."] I am outside at what is supposedly my parents' house. But I've never seen it before. I am packing to go back home. I am going through some things on a bench. My mother comes out and says something negative. I respond with a statement that indicated she made a mistake about what she was saying about me. I did it with some calmness. My mother goes back in the house. I pick up some books. I'd left there at the last visit. My baby photo album with writing in it. And so on. I pick up a small paperback book with the title "Literary Edits" and think, that's my mother's book. I leave it on the bench. There is a baby somewhere. I get all my things packing into a cardboard box, square. The mostly eaten white cake on a rectangular plate was a bit too much. So I take that back out and now there is just enough room for all my things. I lay the photo album on top. Now I wonder how to get this heavy box carried to the car which my father had gone to get. I think I'll wait until help comes. But then I decide to try and push it up the steep hill as far as I can manage. I bend down and shove it slowly up the hill. I manage well getting to a t intersection of another sidewalk. Suddenly, a brown narrow vehicle which from the front looks like a very thin VW bug. My mother is driving it. I yell at her, Hey look out, I'm here. She didn't see me and almost ran over me. I step off the sidewalk in the grass. She stops and gets out. She says she's sorry she said what she said. I said It's Ok, but I haven't really forgiven her. I just wish to get on with business and not deal with it. Like it is finished business and I don't need to give energy to it. I am a little cool toward her. I walk around behind the vehicle wondering where I will sit and how the box will fit. I see a square space on the back with a mesh wire side. The box will fit there just fine. I notice she has several smaller versions of this vehicle parked on the lawn and a tiny one like a toy. I think my father must have bought them for her so she can get around better and be more independent.