["Little blue aliens."] I am living in a run down apartment building. I want to go to the bathroom. I open the door out to the hall, as the bathroom is in another room across the hall. I see water all over the floor. I see Ellie in the bathroom as the door is open. She is looking at me concerned because there is water coming out of everywhere in the bathroom. She gestures for me to come see. I walk in and see water several inches deep on the left side of the room. I am concerned. I decide to go to the stairs at the right end of the hall. I open that door and see flooding water rising almost to our floor level. I am worried now. I go to the left end of the hall and find an odd sort of stone dungeon door which swings open to reveal a flight of old rough hewn stone stairs. I hear water flowing from somewhere, just as I heard water flowing at the other stairs. I walk down the stairs cautiously and round a bend to see that the stairs now went back up and around another corner. I see water flowing out of the ceiling in a corner. I go back to the hall and try and find my apartment. We have to get out of here. I look in one room near the left end and see a group of odd little blue men, obviously aliens. I grab one by the neck and hold a tree branch which forks at the end in my left hand. The alien is very afraid and breathes loudly. I realize they think the tree branch is a weapon as I hold it pointed at them like a gun. The group wants to rush me and save their companion, but are afraid to do it. There's another one of them at the right end of the hall and I keep swinging my neck back and forth to keep a wary eye on them all. I realize my right hand is at just the right place on the aliens neck to choke him if I have to. He knows that too. I make him walk with me as I look for Ellie and some kind of exit. I call to Ellie to find a fire escape. She says she found one in the bathroom. I walk, with the alien there, get to the window. Ellie goes down the fire escape. I release the alien and dart out the window and on down. The alien is very surprised I didn't kill or harm him. He realizes now I was just defending myself. I look back up and realize they are water breathing creatures and are filling the building up so they can survive.