["Hector and me on his graduation day."] I heard that Hector is having his last class in school as today is graduation day. I decide I want to visit him and say hello and congratulations. I drive to the school. It is some small town, like M City. I see a woman I know who I owe money to. I pay her back. Two things done at the same time. That feels good. I enter the school building and pass three or four doors to classrooms. I am not sure which one to enter. I see the office area and ask a man at the desk. He walks me to the classroom and uses an odd reaching device to pull open the door for me. I thank him saying that's a neat device. He apologizes there wasn't a more accessible door for me. I enter a long room about the size of a small gym. The class is seated way in the front. The spectators are in the back. I park my wheelchair in the spectator line. I see the teacher, who is famous for his excellent teaching lecturing. He is talking about Native Americans. Apparently Hector is Native American. A class of elementary school children listen and then leave. Another group comes in. They are seated along the side wall on the bleachers. More spectators come in. I see the teacher is wearing an Elizabethan gown and tights. He is wearing his PHD costume. A pleasant friendly man on my right places his hand gently on my shoulder. I like that. I feel loved. I watch and look for Hector. I finally see him in a grey blue checkered shirt and wearing earphones on his head. He's listening to music as the teacher is lecturing. I smile at him, not sure if he sees me or not. Now I stand up on the side wall area, in front of my wheelchair. Small children are playing at my feet, rolling through me legs and giggling. I smile at them and smile at Hector. The teacher hands some papers to the students and they pass the pick flyer around. He asks them to read the poem on it. Each student reads a line from the poem. It is a nice poem. Something about the moon. Hector gets elbowed by another student and takes his earphones off and reads a line. He smiles at me. It is a pleasant dream. I feel great respect for the teacher and affection for Hector on their graduation day. Apparently the teacher is retiring and this is his last day too.