Paulina, Lance, Charla and I and others are visiting someone's house. We had stayed overnight and it is time to get up early and pack, fix breakfast and leave. I walk out of the bedroom, seeing Charla's feet under some blankets in another room, in a bed. She is snoring. There is a high step from one room to the other that is hard for me to negotiate. I go to the kitchen. Paulina is already there. I am trying to cook some scrambled eggs. I have layers of newspaper over the burners that I had turned on. Now I am digging them off the surface worried I've started a fire. Many layers, never ending. Then I find the red-hot burner and put the small frying pan on it. I stir the mess which is thick eggs. I am also cleaning up as I go. Lance has moved some cabinets with drawers in them across the entrance to the kitchen. I ask him how I am supposed to get out of the room. He then sees my way is blocked and tries to fix it. I put some nuts I'd been eating into what I thought was the garbage can. I realize it is a huge can of peanuts that aren't yet eaten. I try to remember I need to clean my mess up. I go back to the bedroom and see Paulina has already been there packing up my things. I see a pile of magazines which I'd checked out of the library. I realize I've mixed up some of my aunt's magazines with this pile and am having a hard time separating out theirs from the library ones. I wonder why I went to the library and checked them out if we had such a limited time to read as we are leaving soon. Now I notice that there is a terrible hurricane coming up. I call out to everyone to go to the cellar. Charla is asleep. I go to her and finally have to pick her up and carry her as she wouldn't wake up. My grown son who is gay and his fiancee are there, after the winds and rain die down. The fiance's parents are there and have written a check for $273 dollars for their wedding gift. I and my husband (or Lance) are worried our gift isn't nearly as generous even though it is all we can afford. He wants to write a bigger check. I say no, I think we gave $100 or $150. It is fine. Even though I feel guilty.