["Home with Mom and Dad."] I am at a house I've never seen before in waking life. It is supposedly my parents' house. Long and rambling. I am at the back door which is opened. It has been several days of bad weather and the snow is piled up around the door and on the floor in the hall area at the door so that the bathroom door is blocked with snow. I see the rain and snow has stopped. Charla is outside with some of her friends. I sit down on the snow bank on the floor inside the house and I kick at the melting snow outside. It causes chunks to roll down the steep hill and finally I clear out all the snow this way. A friend of Charla's then goes into the bathroom. Now I stand and use a shovel to clear away stones and silt that is many inches think all over the floor in the room. From the floods. I shovel and shovel. Then I decide I'd better get my parents' permission because I'm just shoveling it out the door, black plastic pieces in it and all. Making a mess out there. I walk over the stony floor to the next room and through that room to another one on the right and down a step. I see a dining room table and my parents are talking with a couple. They look up and say this is private business. I apologize and leave the room to wait. The couple comes out talking about some real estate deal in Vancouver my parents are trying to convince them to buy. I go back in the room. My mother is not there. My father is and Dwight and a Doctor. He has the results of my blood test. He speaks but I can't understand him. I tell him to repeat it because I am deaf in my left ear. He is annoyed and walks over near my right ear. I continue to have trouble hearing him. He says the blood levels are low. I say is that good or bad? He says something about the Orphan Syndrome and low blood levels are a good sign that my Orphan Syndrome isn't too bad. He is referring to how I was raised as a child. I am relieved it is good. But unclear what it is and can't get the right information because he's too annoyed with me. I am frustrated.