["Mom smiles."] I am in a large living room with lots of people. My father is having a celebration about his "geology" stuff. Lydia and I are acting as hostesses. Someone comes by and is handing out special commemorative T-shirts with printing on them. They are a shirt and pants sweat suit. I am surprised the material is so thin. And the shirt is a hooded sweat shirt with a net covered hole in the front center. I am wondering how to wear it without flashing my breasts. I look down at what I'm wearing and see a skirt with a black pair of pants under it. So I carry the sweat suit around with me. I am trying to gather my stuff up and tuck it away on a wall shelf. A small bag (leather pouch). A girl cousin or niece is cheerfully helping. I notice my mother is standing there, quite stiff and lifeless in the middle of the party. I move her over to the shelf too. I speak to her softly and gently. She does not move or respond. Then I see Lydia staring with concentrated concern looking for something. I hop over hassocks and things to get to her. She was looking for some people who crashed the party. I try to help her find them. I mingle and walk through the crowd. I see my father asleep on his tummy in a bed. I go to wake him as he is the guest of honor and should be up greeting people. I call out to him and he finally opens his eyes sleepily. He doesn't get up but the bed is pushed over to a door to a hallway. I walk past him down the hall which is crowded with piles of clothes and things. I see my mother again. She is more relaxed and a soft smile on her face. She doesn't look at anyone or respond but she is trying to dance. I put her in a small box for now. Then I see the box is rattling around on the top of the furniture it is on. I put my hand on the box to calm it down. She's dancing in there. So I feel empathy and say, "I'll get you out of there." I try but I can't get it open. Now I am back in the main room and see a group of my father's geology friends. I walk to them and try and chat with them (dark haired) to be a good hostess. Then I am distracted by a large group of people leaving the party in a steady stream. I follow them to the door and say 'What's going on?" Just going outside for awhile? They don't really respond to me either. Later I learn from Lydia they were passengers of some ferry ride boat and crashed the party.