["Beautiful interior of house."] I am at a house, maybe Grandma Maude's house. I had stayed overnight. Some family occasion. It's time to pack and return home. I am gathering clothes up from under a bed. I think many of them don't belong to me, maybe they are my sister's. Now I am standing outside of a house, apparently it is my house I am returning to. I stand under a tree looking at the house. I am curious what it looks like to other people. I see a flat front with chipped paint a baize color. I see the side where it is very long and apparently five stories high. I am surprised there are several more floors than I remembered. I wonder if someone else lives in that part. Then I remember it is all mine. Now I am curious and want to see the other floors to see what I have. I look in the front windows and see wonderfully beautiful glassware and cut crystal bowls sparkling in the sunlight. There are many beautiful art objects in this house. I really like that. I notice the difference between the unkempt appearance of the outside of the house and thew inner beauty within the house. I then see several children getting out a side window onto a ledge that goes around the house. The babysitters are letting the children out for while. This seems dangerous to me. I step back under the tree so no one sees me. I see them hand the baby to one of the girls. Charla is one of them. The walk along the edge of the ledge, apparently safe. But I am nervous for them. Now I go into the house and walk through rooms. I find a kitchen and see a bathroom utility room to the side on the right. I go in and am amazed a how Sharon had cleaned and fixed it up. Yellow and Black patterned linoleum on the floor. It is spacious. The toilet however is constantly running nearly overflowing. The bowl is full of water. I see it needs to be fixed and a raised seat made for it. I think this will be easy to do. I see another room off this one and go in. A pretty bedroom, a wooden bed diagonally across the room. Several flowered patterns of wall paper. Pretty curtains on the several windows. I call to Charla and say isn't your room on the second floor? She says yes. I say how about this one? She looks it over and agrees it will be a nice bedroom. We decide she will move into it. I want to explore the floors above and see what rooms I have there. I am enjoying the discoveries.