I dreamed that I was on this train. In each different car was a different song playing. And no matter how much I liked the song that was playing, I was forced into the next car. It was really hot in the train so I was wearing my bathing suit. The train stopped at my high school's dining hall. I went in and everyone was studying for exams. I sat down at a table with my friends in my bathing suit. Ashley came up behind Olivia and put a lobster in her hair and we all screamed. Then she came after me with another lobster, so I ran away. I finally got back to my table and grabbed my bags before heading back to my dorm. On the way I saw Matthew and David, but they ignored me. Frustrated, I parachuted (yes, parachuted) away. I was so scared of Olivia and angry that Matthew and David had ignored me. When I got to the dorm, I realized that it was the beginning of school, even though I had just seen everyone studying for final exams. I realized I didn't live here anymore, so then I rushed to my new dorm where I found Sue. She told me that she, Hannah, 3 other girls, and I all shared a room in Bundy. When I got inside, I saw Hannah rearranging the furniture in a way-too-small room for 6 girls. I remember being furious that Hannah and I had to share a room with 4 other girls on Bundy 1, where all of Ms. Prong's favorite varsity athletes lived. I thought there had to be some mistake. I went to the closet to put my stuff there and realized that I had left all my clothes somewhere else. I ran back to the dining hall to look for them. All the doors were locked and I remember looking in the windows and seeing everyone in there being gassed to death. I remember seeing my father and Albert slowly dying. For some reason this didn't bother me at all and I rushed back to my room to find all my roommates playing name games, even though we already all knew each other. My other roommates' names were Brianna, Susan, and Kaylee. I was so frustrated I didn't have clothes, so I borrowed some from Hannah. Then I did have to take exams and I woke up.