So I dreamed that it was May again and everyone was playing Assassin as usual. Only the whole school was divided into houses like in Harry Potter, and only the Slytherins could kill the Gryffindors, and I was in Gryffindor and couldn't kill anyone. The only way you wouldn't be killed is if you were caught with $10 and your school ID. So I was walking down the main hallway and James Franco, who was in Slytherin, killed me. But then I showed him my ID card and $10. But for some reason this didn't matter to him, and he took my money and ID card. So then I went to the library and Anthony was there. He was in Gryffindor too and he studied there for exams since it was the end of the year again. We were also hiding from the Slytherins. They were like the High Inquisitorial Squad from Harry Potter too. Anthony and I were studying, but we had a question about math, so we went to find Mr. Stipps, who was in his office blow-drying sour milk out of his hair. He was really mad that we saw him blow-drying his hair and threatened not to give us any more DVDs or help if we continued to stand there. So Anthony and I left. I went to see Hannah and Sue in Bundy and Anthony went to Langton. When I got to Hannah's room, she told me that Mrs. Frank had called and wanted me to babysit her children the next evening. She said I shouldn't because the next evening was the dance. So I picked up the phone to call the Franks to tell them I couldn't babysit, but as soon as I went to dial the number, a woman's voice came over the receiver and said I couldn't dial. I ran to Sue's room to use her phone, but the woman's voice came over her phone too. So I then went to each room on the floor but all the lines were tapped. I finally went to the last room to dial before the woman figured out that I was using that phone. But I couldn't dial the number because all the numbers had been rearranged and I couldn't find the proper ones. I ran all the way down to Houk to use the phones there. But when I got there the whole building was on fire. Everyone was carrying furniture out of the burning dorm. It didn't occur to me that this was weird, people going back into a burning building. There was a plate of treats for everyone who carried furniture out of the building. I started to go back to Bundy, but my legs were so weak I could barely stand. I kept stumbling up to Bundy. When I reached the small parking lot between Langton and Slate, I saw Hannah's dad in a car and he nearly ran me over. I kept trying to get up to Bundy. When I finally got there though, Mrs. Frank and her two sons were all waiting for me. Apparently they were a day early. Mrs. Frank told me not to listen to Seth no matter what he said, and I was so confused I woke up.