I had a dream that I was giving a tour of my high school. When I entered the chapel, it was pitch black and I could see nothing except for this little boy with a laptop. He jumped up to greet me and then launched into this discussion of wireless Internet on campus. He wanted to show me how it worked, so he turned some of the lights on really dim. I was shocked to see about 10 other people in the pews, all really old and like the boy with laptops. He went into all these programs and messed around on the computer until the lights shut off of their own accord, indicating that he was now connected to the Internet. I was surprised and impressed and had lost my tour. But it didn't bother me. I went downstairs to the mailroom to find everyone happy and excited, all carrying or eating candies and chocolates, all with roses and dressed in pink. They all said, "Happy Valentines Day" to me. I was surprised because I had no idea it was Valentines Day. It was really dark so I couldn't find my mailbox, yet I could see all my friends with their stuff. As I finally started opening my mailbox, Leah explained to me how much candy she had received and who had given her roses and such. I opened my box to find only 5 pieces of candy. Feeling rejected, I walked back upstairs where it was light again. I remember hearing this voice behind me calling my name, and I looked behind me to see Sam running toward me with one rose. He gave it to me and kissed my cheek before leaving. Puzzled, I went back to my dorm, where I fell asleep really quickly. I was woken late that night because the fire alarm rang. Hannah and I ran out of the room to a secret hallway I never new about before. We were all to wait there until a train picked us up to bring us to safety. So when the train finally came pirates who had stolen it controlled it. They kidnapped everyone but me. I had to run and hide in a nearby bathroom. When they came looking for me, I cut them with razors and sprayed their eyes with hairspray, and basically defeated them with beauty products (weird). Then I woke up.