I dreamed that I was in school and I had the absolute worst schedule. I had 8th period four days in a row and on Wednesdays and Saturdays I had all the periods. It was horrible. In Spanish, Sra. Perez made fun of me because I couldn't speak properly and I had to bathe Mr. Singer in history. When I went to English, I couldn't find my homework and I got into big trouble. I had 2 double chemistry labs a week and it was just turning out to be the worst school year ever. Finally, I went to math one day and it was the same class I had freshman year, except it was in an English classroom. The big projector was down and all the lights were off. Everyone was having sex and Anthony and Lou were there and they wanted me to have sex. But I was scared, so I went home for Thanksgiving break. I was at Sue's house and I went through this door outside. I was on a big mountain. Lord Voldemort had returned and was eating Thanksgiving dinner with us. No one else knew it was him, and for some reason, I wasn't allowed to tell anyone else. On the mountain were Ron and Hermione, and Sue and I were throwing turkey to them to save everyone. But behind them were a lot of other bad people, so we were trying to get rid of them without hurting Ron and Hermione. Finally Ron and Hermione got up the mountain, and Lord Voldemort walked right by us. Sue understood and we both left because we were scared. We went to the lake because we had to try to take a boat back to my high school. So we started carrying out boats to the shore and ran into Mrs. Carter, who told us that my high school had moved to France. We ignored her and kept walking with our boats to the shore. We got into the water except we weren't in the boats. There were little kids in the boats and Isabel and I had to safely get them across the lake to my high school and away from Lord Voldemort. There was a fish that grabbed onto me and when I shook it off, it started to have babies. Then a snapping turtle chased us to land. Then I woke up.