I dreamed that I was sitting at one of the picnic benches at soccer camp and Aaron and I were discussing Anna Karenina and he had two of the characters mixed up or something and I was really frustrated with him because I knew I was right. I had the book and started to look it up. Just then my mother drove to pick me up and I left him. Then suddenly it was the first day of school. I was in the history wing and Ed was trying to show me something. He was pulling me somewhere and out of the middle of nowhere, Wyatt wanted to show me something different, so he began to pull me in the opposite direction. It was chaos because for some reason, it was also Parents Weekend. There were people everywhere. In the middle of everything, Gwenyth Paltrow was singing out of the blue. I was so exhausted; I finally went to my dorm. On the way, I met someone who gave me a pancake they wanted me to feed to the Maples' dog. I took a bite of the pancake and it was really good. When I was near the science building, the dog came out of nowhere and began to bite me. I was so angry and scared that I ran to my room in Houk. My room was completely deserted except for a queen-sized bed in the middle, the room with my Laura Ashley sheets on them. There was a secret passageway into my real room where Maria and Zoey were getting dressed. I realized that my clothes were too small, so I had to borrow some of Maria's hideous clothes. Andrea was there too. I finally went back to the main building only to realize that I had no schedule. I couldn't figure out what classes I had. I searched everywhere and went to my mailbox to find it. Jessica came to me and told me that the teachers were trying something different; on the first day of school everyone would just go to their classes whenever they wanted just to see if they liked them. I went to English and then to history. In history, Mr. Singer brought us down to the soccer field where there was a car race. He lay down in the middle of the field and began squirting mayonnaise all over the place. Then he started reciting a speech of Abraham Lincoln's. No one found this weird though. Then I woke up.