I dreamed that I was spending some vacation with Gianna. She was living in this humungous house and her dad was really rich and worked for NASA. In one room there were a lot of beds all lined up against the wall. People were lying on the beds, and each had on a pair of shin guards. Underneath their shin guards were their stories and how they had been injured and why they were lying on these beds. Whenever Gianna or I lifted the shin guards to read the story, however, they woke up and started laughing at us. Then they made some sarcastic comment that was supposed to be satirical and making fun of a movie. Gianna and I realized that we were on the set of Scary Movie 3, and that's why everyone was making satirical comments. When we got to the last bed, a woman leapt out of nowhere and grabbed the shin guards away from us. She asked us if we had tried them on, and we said no. She then told us that it was a pair of deadly shin guards, and that whoever tried them on died the next day. Gianna and I went back to the main part of her house where a lot of maids were cleaning the tile floor. We started to watch a DVD before her dad came in and told us he had to leave again. Gianna was really upset. He got into this enormous truck and began to back out of the driveway before he began to fly and took off into the stars. Gianna and I went into another room where there was a fruit snacks factory. A large pipe would deposit fruit snacks into bags in short intervals. The pipe had been clogged and everyone was trying to fix it. Then this dream ended and I began another one where I was in Paris. Some friends and I were walking down a small street and spotted a good-looking cafe. We went inside and it turned out to be a sort of cafe/ice cream parlor/bakery/candy shop. We all went inside and tried to decide what to have. They had some of the weirdest candy, like "Antique M&amp;Ms," where there was fruit inside the chocolate part. I went to go buy an ice cream cone, a coffee, and iced tea. I spilled the coffee as soon as I got it. Not wanting to pay for another. I filled it up with water and complained that they had given me water instead of coffee. They refilled it for me, and then I woke up.