I first dreamed that Sue, Lou, Tristan, and I were all in math class with Mr. Stipps again. We were all trying to find out this one problem, but it was nearly impossible. It was so frustrating. I guess Isabel and I finally gave up, or we figured it out or something, because we eventually left. We went to check our mail. I tried to open my mailbox, but it wouldn't open. I kept trying to open it, but it would just not open. Then Sue and I saw Mel Gibson coming to check his mail (at my high school for some reason...) and he laughed at us because we couldn't open mine. I then started a new dream where my family and I were driving somewhere. We were just driving along the hallway when, all of a sudden, I noticed no one was in the driver's seat. I felt really worried and tried to steer from the back seat. It was really difficult, and I ended up skidding off the road. My last dream was the best! It started badly though. I came home to find all the kids from the local high school having a party. Kylie was throwing the party, and I was really angry. Apparently my house was attached to one of the dorms by a long hallway. So everyone kept running back forth stealing stuff from the dorm rooms. Kylie found this tiny object that was like a kaleidoscope in the shape of a rock. It was brightly colored and she let me look at it. I looked through it and was surprised to see pictures of Anthony, waving, smiling, playing, laughing, reading, etc. I realized that this was the graduation present his parents had given him that he had been waiting to open. I was furious with Kylie for stealing it. I called Anthony and we started chatting and laughing. I kept walking through the hallway to Post, where Anthony lived, but Kylie kept running after me. She wanted the kaleidoscope because she thought Anthony was cute and wanted an excuse to talk to him. I got really mad and tried talking to Anthony through post-it notes. It was really weird. I kept talking to him and then he invited me to his room. He was teasing me crawled on top of me when I sat on his bed. He saw that I had his kaleidoscope and was so happy that he kissed me! Then I woke up.