Last night I dreamed I was cross-country skiing to Gavin and Pete's room in Taylor. They were sharing a room, I guess, and I had to get bandages for someone. I thought it was ok to leave the dorm after check-in since I was trying to help someone else. Mrs. Crank was prowling Taylor and caught me hiding under Pete's bed. Although I thought it was OK, I still felt like I was doing something wrong. So then I was sent home for breaking check-in, and my father got really mad at me and lecture me in front of the whole boys' varsity hockey team. I was really embarrassed. Then I was at the refuge in the mountains with him and the boys' hockey team. A bus stopped and Lou got out. His footsteps made so much noise because he had gotten fat over the summer. Then my father was reading an updated version of The Great Gatsby, which was actually about Lou and me, and everything worked out in the end, and no one died. My favorite passage about their first kiss and the tuning fork (in the real book), had been rewritten about LOU giving me this look and me crying because he was convinced that he didn't like me. But then we got together in the end. That night I had to clean up the refuge for dinner. I began sweeping and mopping and Sophia got mad at me because she thought she had cleaned earlier, and that I was only cleaning because I thought she had done a bad job. So she got really pissed off. That night there was a big winter carnival with all sorts of sports games going on. Caroline wanted me to come watch her swim meet, but I wanted to watch the boys' hockey game. I went and remembered seeing Lou skate out onto the ice. I guess I started a new dream, because I was all of a sudden drafted for some war against England. My canon was stuck and I was so terrified. Then I got shot in the leg. I somehow ran to a boat collecting people, and Lou was there too for Christ's sake. We ended up in the Bermuda Triangle, where we got lost. The compass pointed north no matter we turned, so we had no idea how to get anywhere. We ended up pretending we were Peter Pan and Captain Hook fighting, and then I woke up.