First, I dreamed the 2005 prom was at our house. I got asked several times and ended up going with Lance. At the end, Lou got up to play a song (I was already over him) and he sang this beautiful love song to Marion. So that made me sort of sad, but I told myself I'd gotten over him anyway. And then Lance told me that it had actually been my name there in the song, but that Lou had changed it last minute because he didn't want me to know how he felt. So I decided to tell him instead. I knew he was in my brother's old room and the poor guy couldn't go to sleep because he was in there with some girl. I knocked on the door and said, "Excuse me, you can't be in there and you need to come out now. We won't watch you come out, but you need to." I was hoping that by hearing my voice, Lou would tell me he loved me. But instead he said, "We'll get out as soon as you make us a hotel reservation and bring us some fiber pills." At this, I thought my mother was in there because she takes fiber pills, so I wrenched the door open, and sure enough, Lou was lying there with my mother. Horrified, I slammed the door and started yelling, crying, and screaming. Lou didn't seem to care. I ran downstairs to get a phone book and threw it onto the bed yelling, "Make your own stinking, dirty hotel reservation" and all he did was laugh. I was so upset that I begged Sue to let me stay at her house. She was already having a sleepover with Hannah, so I slept in the living room. Mrs. Dunn made sure I had everything I wanted, and Mr. Dunn asked me about my college search. Sue had already gotten in somewhere, I think. The next morning we all went to Yuma, and I told them how everything was on sale. I bought a white bikini, and everyone else got shampoo and shoes. Olivia turned up later, back from Spain, but we didn't have any time to talk. Finally, I went home and on my computer was an IM chat from Tyler that said, "I can't help myself, or you." So I asked him what he meant, and he said he loved me. Then I woke up.