Last night I had the worst dream of my life. First I was near the senior steps by the back of the dining hall, and my brother fell and landed with what I kept repeating in my head as "a sickening crunch." It was horrible. He had to be dead. Then I came home and my father had to fight these monsters working with Voldemort in the lake. He had a gun that looked like the remote control, and he got frustrated when I couldn't understand how it worked. I cut up his purple and white boxers to use as Clothies, because I didn't know when I'd see him again. My mother was tanning on the deck and I went inside the kitchen to be sad about my father leaving. I noticed the creamer standing outside the pantry. Slowly, it turned to face me. I got so scared. Fritz was evil and rabid and working with this creamer, trying to prove that my mother and I were anorexic. I ran upstairs because I was so scared. I went into my brother's room and jumped into his bed, nearly hysterical with fear, begging him to let me sleep there. My brother had this nail in his back, which I guess was serving as his stitches. The evil Fritz came in with the creamer and ripped the nail out of his back, and I screamed. Apparently, the nail was a family heirloom of Slytherin. There was also a cactus on my brother's bedside table, and it was a Horcrux that Voldemort used. He recovered because all of a sudden, he and Russell and Ted and I were all on the run from Voldemort. We were running around London and my high school, which was in London, trying to escape. We ran into my room and my roommate was Ron. Hector was chasing us too. He wanted to kill my baby, because apparently I was pregnant. We are running everywhere and Ginny started to slow down. I started freaking out, but saw this French marching band on the Spanish Steps (I guess we got to Rome somehow). The band members were all dressed in brightly colored robes and were supposed to help us, but they didn't. They just kept playing their instruments and waving their flags. We tried to save my mother and get back to school. Then I was supposed to go on a date with Pete. This was right after hockey practice, so I went to the bathroom to try and primp myself. For some reason, I wet my pants, but it didn't matter. I came out and Ian began pouring his heart out, telling me I was the only one for him, and that he loved me. But I was still so scared that I ran to my high school and burst into tears and I woke up crying.