I had a dream that I was engaged or betrothed to marry Wyatt, without really knowing it. I think I woke up on my wedding day and had all these things to do. I think I had some recollection in my dream of having been proposed to. And at the time I was thinking, Well, I could do a lot worse. But I'm only 21. Do I really want to get married this early? Does he even love me? And we haven't even had sex yet. What if it's not good? Anyway, I said yes anyway. So that day I had to buy presents for My mother and my father, because that was some sort of new tradition. Wyatt and I were riding in a limousine to go to the store, and I just kept thinking, This is so unfair. He still gets another year of college, and I will have graduated and will have to pay his tuition. I can't do that! And what if he hooks up with other girls while he is at school and I am working? We got to the store and I bought finger puppets for my mother and father. When I got home, all my underwear was strung up on a line hanging outside the door. I wasn't embarrassed, since Wyatt was going to be my husband, but I also didn't understand why it was strung up there. My mother had told me she had made all the arrangements for the wedding, which I suppose made my decision easier, since I didn't have to think about anything. All I know is that my father spent $160,000.00 on the wedding, which I felt bad about, since I don't even really remember having ever gotten engaged or telling them about it. I kept thinking that I was only 21 and had so much more to do in life. At the same time, Wyatt was a good guy and I could certainly learn to love him. On the way to the beach where we were supposed to get married, it started snowing. So that upset me, since the wedding was supposed to be outside. All the flowers were dead when we got there. And I didn't have a wedding dress. I guess that was my only responsibility, but since I had no idea about this wedding, I didn't realize I had to get a dress. So I ran away, and just kept running, away from everyone at the beach. I ran into my father, who was on his way over and I started crying and said I was so sorry he had spent all that money, but that I couldn't get married. I woke up, panicked, and so happy that I wasn't married.