I had a really elaborate dream last night that took place sometime in late May/early June, right between final exams and senior week before graduation. I think I was commuting between my home state and my college state for that last week because I was both at home and at my college . I think first, we had some big party to kick off senior week, but we also had something early the next morning, so people were trying to get to sleep. I was in a huge bedroom with Lyla, some other girls I can't remember, Miley, and Adam. I think Susanna was there too (in the abstract, not physically there), but she and Adam had broken up, or something. In any event, Adam was sleeping next to me in this bed, and he was tickling me and flirting with me, and I was trying to be quiet since everyone else wanted to go to sleep. Javier was there too, and some boy who introduced himself to me as "Lacrosse." Next, I was at home, and maybe my brother was graduating from high school again or something, because I was baking him a cake. It was a long, rectangular sheet cake with blue icing. I ran out of icing, so I had to make more, but no matter how much butter, cream cheese, or powdered sugar I put in, it tasted disgusting and came out this terrible shade of maroon. Finally I gave up, and just colored (with a blue marker) the parts that didn't have icing. Also, I remember it being extremely dark outside, even though it was early in the day. Maybe there was some kind of solar eclipse? So then I had to get back to my college , and my father told me I could bike there; it would take 2 hours to get to one town, and then I would have to walk 30 miles to the college town. This was crazy to me, and I couldn't understand how I was supposed to do that. I guess I got up there though, because there I was again in a Lily Pulitzer dress, flouncing around. There was a beautiful abstract expressionist painting on the wall, with the initials W.K. I knew it was Kandinsky, even though it didn't really look like his work. I think maybe it was some new, undiscovered painting, but it was beautiful --I wish it existed in real life! All of a sudden I was back at home again, asleep in my bed. I was dreaming (in my dream) that the reason Adam had picked Susanna over me was because she had sex with him, and I wouldn't. I guess in my dream this had happened to me a different time with a different guy, so it was a huge revelation. I woke up (in my dream) and got out of bed. I started applying black eyeliner to my eyes (I wanted to make Adam realize he should have chosen me) before realizing I hadn't washed my face or anything. Then there was a knock on my door, and I said, "Hold on!" while I grabbed a light blue robe (which I do not own) out of my closet. I opened my door and my father was there saying that my brother really needed us (I can't remember why), so I should probably not go back to my college today. Although Adam and my college and graduation had been on my mind only 20 seconds ago, I nodded fervently and said that yes of course I would stay at home if my brother needed me. My father said it was 10:30, so we should get going (to where, I don't know). Then I woke up in real life, and it was only 9:30, and my father had already left for work.