Last night my dreams were not my own. I was confused and utterly clueless throughout the whole series. First I was in Mexico at the beach and stuck on some sort of movie set. Some blond girl was running around for a scene, so all the exits were closed off so people wouldn't come in. For some reason, I was trapped on the wrong side of this barrier, and all I wanted to do was go back to the beach. It was so warm and sunny that I was almost shocked when I woke up that I wasn't in Mexico. All of a sudden I was transported to some humungous house in the south of France with Abigail. There was a family there, but it wasn't my family and it wasn't Abigail's. Someone had some kind of disorder, and the family was making a video to send to a committee to get better hospital care for their kid. I was thrown into the middle of it, wearing some sort of costume, and having utterly no idea why I was there. Then Abigail and I were made to go shopping. We found a Wal-Mart (in the south of France). While we were shopping, Abigail started stealing other people's groceries that they had already paid for. The manager of the store caught us, but Abigail managed to get away. She caught me and started interrogating me. I began to cry until she said, "I know it was your friend, not you, so I'll let you go if you find her and turn her in." I didn't know what to do and only prayed that Abigail had run far enough away that I wouldn't find her and have to turn her in. Then I was in a classroom somewhere with Edwin and we were laughing and joking about something. Then I was at a ball somewhere wearing a long silver dress and Philip was trying to call me. I didn't want to talk to him so I snapped my phone in two. Then I realized I wasn't wearing a bra and became really self-conscious. Finally, there was some dog who was trying to follow me around, and I realized it was someone named Doug, a person I have never actually met in real life, but whom I knew in my dream to be my soul mate, who had the ability to transform into a dog. It was so strange and I honestly felt like I was just walking through a world of other people's dreams!