I can't remember the exact order of my dreams. I think first I was going back to the city in Spain, where I studied abroad. We landed and immediately went to the Reina Sofia. There was a Willem de Kooning and Goncharova exhibit, except instead of their paintings, they were frescoes that were attached to the wall. And despite this, the paint still stuck out in thick brushstrokes. It was beautiful. The frescoes were oddly shaped, sort of like Frank Stella pieces, and they were all over the walls and ceiling. There were Picasso sketches that I am making up in my head right now, sort of curved cubism in reds and pinks, drawings I'll only ever see in my head. Anyway, I am walking around the Reina Sofia and I bump into Kit, Philip, Miley, and some other guys. I think Abigail was with me originally, but I was surprised to see these guys in Madrid. All of a sudden the Reina Sofia turned into this terrible maze, and there was this psychotic 12-year-old boy with a gun who was chasing us all around. I was now with a group of girls (none of whom were identifiable), and we were all tearing through this maze, which was perched on a mountaintop, so it was very precarious. A lot of the girls were shot. I dove under a table and went limp and tried to pretend I was already dead. Similar to the other dream I had, someone called me out on faking death. I was terrified and sweating, and sand was sticking to my face. I was trying so hard to cry silently and wake myself up at the same time. No matter how hard I tried, I couldn't wake myself up. It was like I was literally stuck in this dream. Anyway, the kid who was killing everyone came up behind me and I cringed, waiting for him to shoot me, but then I leapt up and faced him. He looked scared, and I tried to calm him down and talk him out of killing everyone. He said he felt like a monster, and I tried to reassure him that he wasn't and that he was still young and just coming into himself. I somehow got out of that nightmare and found myself in the dining hall at my college waiting in the salad bar line. There was some guy behind me who graduated a few years ago, who I can't name, but I think I remember thinking he was cute. He was standing behind me and flirting with me as I made my salad, which was spinach, tomatoes, pesto, hard-boiled eggs, and chickpeas. When I walked to my table to sit down with my friends, I realized that it was graduation dinner, and I was horrified that I had somehow missed my last semester at my college. I tried in vain to ask someone what we were doing, or how it was May already, but everyone was drunk and crying, which wasn't helpful. Then I woke up.