The first part of my dream that I remember took place in an old classroom where I might have had 3rd or 4th grade. Sue and I were there with my college baseball team. The coaches and athletic directors had chosen us as managers of the team, so we were there at their first meeting. The meeting started ordinarily enough; the coach gave some inspirational speech, but then the talk devolved to girls. I distinctly remember Keegan being there and looking absolutely perfect. I whispered something to Sue about him being the captain. Martin and Trenton were there too. All of a sudden, the power went out. Sue and I scrambled out of the room to the parking lot. First we stopped at a cafe outside the classroom and we ordered caramel macchiato. When I turned around, Keegan was there. I lamented that I couldn't remember where I had parked my car and asked him if he would please help me find it. He agreed; I purposely led him in the opposite direction of where I knew my car to be so that we could spend more time together. I must have looked cold because he took off his sport coat and draped it over my shoulders. We went on walking through this rainy forest until we found my car. We had been joking about cars and baseball and clothes, and the conversation seemed so real, the banter, the flirting...I'm amazed it was only a dream. Keegan opened my car door and threw some of his stuff in. I was sad when he started walking away, but then he looked back at me and said, "You're not driving off yet, are you? Come walk with me some more!" Delighted, I followed him down some ravine covered in ferns and we went on chatting and laughing. Next, I was part of some secret organization on campus that was trying to change the housing lottery system. We met in this secret cave off campus that no one could find unless he or she knew about it beforehand. There were about 30 of us and we had these secret files on CDs that we were trying to erase. Drake burst in the door and demanded that we hand over the CDs. I had them in my hand. Everyone yelled at me not to give them to him, but to just throw them in the fire. I looked hesitant, so someone grabbed them from me and threw them in the fire to destroy them. I immediately ran over and yanked them from the flames and gave them to Drake. He looked at me as if he were going to hit me and ran out. Everyone started yelling at me for giving them over. "You don't understand!" I yelled. "You will forgive me, but Drake may not." A few days must have gone by, and I was manicuring the lawn outside my house --literally manicuring it with a nail file. I was upset because Drake hadn't yet called me. I thought I should just give in and call him, but I didn't want to. Just then Mommy was mad at me, but I think Martin didn't know I had given away any secret information. He offered me some of his pasta and I took a bite. Later in my dream I was eating breakfast with Trenton at Pickering. Keegan came to join us and I was so happy!