I had the worst dream last night! So I think I was in some very random location but there was a bookstore on the hillside. Some anonymous friend and I decided to spend the night in the bookstore and read all night and just browse. So when the owner left and locked up, my friend and I just stayed. The bookstore must have been haunted or somehow possessed because that evening was really weird. First we were running through a labyrinth of human body parts. The walls were made of feet and toenails and animal claws, and everything was red and raw and smelly. There were plants made of human skin and body parts, but for some reason I just told my friend to ignore it and that it wasn't a big deal. It started raining at some point, and we took refuge at Bugler House. Some of the guys were there and wanted to party, but we didn't want to, so we went back out into the human body part maze. Then, and I don't know how this happened, but I was being raped somewhere. I think within the bookstore there was a mall or store of sorts and I was trying on clothes and some random man came in and forced me to give him head. I was crying and trying to fight him off, but he was a lot bigger than I was and was forcing himself into my mouth. I was sputtering and choking and trying to scream and it was horrible. As soon as I ran out of the dressing room after being raped in multiple ways, I ran into a street and a bus ran over me. Seriously. I felt the bus try to stop and I crumpled down as the wheels passed over me and the bumper scraped into my chest. I must have been lying on my stomach in real life because I definitely felt a physical pressure on my body and was finding it hard to breathe. I think everyone around me thought I was dead and was trying to figure out how to get rid of my body, but I knew I was still alive and was trying to yell out that I just needed to go to the hospital, but no one could hear me since I was completely winded. My friend and I found ourselves back in the bookstore and realized it was morning. We tried to leave before the owner found us, but as we were leaving, we saw police cars parked outside and knew we had been caught. The owner was striding slowly toward us carrying this long rifle. My friend and I were racing to get out and around the building and hide, but we were moving so slowly for some reason. Neither of us could just get going and it was painful to watch him approaching ever closer. He caught up with us and made us get on our knees as he held the rifle to the backs of our heads. We were crying and pleading with him not to shoot us. I had a distinct thought of "I can't believe I have been raped, hit by a bus, and am going to be killed all in one day." I was sobbing and thinking of my family. Then out of the middle of nowhere, this man and wife saved us. They knew the owner and told him they would take us into custody at their house. I was so relieved and grateful that I said I would do anything to earn my stay at their house and that I was just so elated to have been rescued. Well their house turned out to be a terrible orphanage. They told me my parents had died and wanted me taken care of, so I had to stay with them. They only ate steamed cabbage and pasta with no sauce and lived in the smallest, dirtiest apartment. They had some other orphans with them, plus my friend and me. Part of my keep was to clean the apartment, which was impossible because it was perpetually dirty, and I had to be the sex slave of the man. It could have been a few days later, or a month later, but I heard a knock at the door one morning. The "father/master" opened the door and it was my father! I was so happy I tried to yell out to him, but my owner said I had passed away. I was shouting and trying to draw attention to myself, and my father was so upset. I became so upset and started crying. I couldn't believe that my owner had lied to me about my parents dying, and that I could leave now forever and for some reason I was just physically stuck and couldn't make any noise. It was so horrible and I honestly thought it was the worst combination of things that could ever happen to me. I was so happy to wake up.