I was in my old high school and I was sitting at a table in the hallway, guess no classes were in session. It was just a regular school table, I could see everything, the lockers and the doors, I'm not sure what I was doing at this table. I could see the yellowy track lighting that most schools have and I had a bunch of papers, I'm not sure what I was doing at this table, or doing back in high school, I graduated in '88, but I was back and was supposed to be back in classes, and the bell rang, so I took all my stuff off the table and I called Oval, my guide dog and I realized that I forgot to put her in harness, so she had no harness and no leash, and there was no way she could guide me and I had no idea which class I was supposed to go to next, but I knew that I was really, really behind in all my classes. So I went to the room that I used to go to where I had all of my books and my Braille equipment and stuff so I went to the room with her and closed the door. And it was a real mess in there, there was junk everywhere, like it had been there for a really long time. There were textbooks everywhere, it was dark, there were no lights. So I turned on a radio, and I was looking through some of my books and just feeling completely confused and overwhelmed and I knew that I must have been failing nearly everything. Some guy came into the room and he sat down besides me and he said something to the effect of "we've been discussing you and we think that you ought to go home" and I said "why?" and he said because none of the other students can just retreat to there little room. They don't have a little room like this. Everyone else has to go to the cafeteria and study and everybody is always so sympathetic to you and no one else gets breaks like you do and its unfair to the other students and you should go home". While he was talking to me he put his arms around me like I was a little kid and he apologized for upsetting me. Something about him having issues of his own. The principal came in and he looked at us and then he left.