I'm on a bus, sitting forward, with my shawl on, reading a book. The aisle's getting crowded, and a woman passes by me wearing the same shawl. I say, "How nice, where did you get yours?" - I think she doesn't say, but somehow she indicates it was expensive and I think that's kind of neat, I didn't know that. I mention I got mine at a garage sale, she says nice going. The bus makes a big jolt, maybe the driver slammed on the brakes. A little kid falls down and hurts herself, everybody goes "awww" and the driver decides to take her along to the hospital. We're on the edge of downtown now and a detour to the hospital wouldn't be much. Seems to me somebody will object, though. There is now a companion with me who-may-be-Lori-but-isn't-quite, and 3 (4?) other girls who are noticeable, and they move where I can see them (into the space so they can move, I expect) and start doing a "No". L and I are surprised and pleased and say to one of them who's not proceeding, "Do you want support?" She nods, I guess, and we start "No"-ing with her - doesn't last long. This girl, when she first came up, turned her back on everybody. The others didn't. I thought that interesting. I also think there's something different, off-putting, about the others. L and I talk to this one and she's a little reticent. We're not on the bus anymore, but inside a building. Maybe a waiting station of some sort - it's large and has standard glass doors in the corners, and it's located out there in Baylor territory. It's night now - the bus ride was late afternoon, after work. I've got the idea this girl has done est and want to tell her about LT, but it turns out she did do LT and isn't working comfortably with it. She doesn't come to things because of money. L and I talk to her about that - we're anxious to get to know her because we admire a person who'll do a "No" in public. We go outside of this building during the conversation, and when I get to the door I see the city skyline, all lit up like the Whatsit building. I see one building crack sideways and fall down. How neat. I call the others' attention to it, and as we watch, the whole cityscape breaks up and juggles itself around before completely falling down. It's like a chaotic dance. Wonderful. This girl is reticent about coming out to play but we encourage her.