I dreamed that I was romantically involved with a young man, comparatively young, middle 30s or 40s. I felt completely attractive and as though I fully deserved the affections of this young man, who's name I do not know. We went many places together and did many things together. He would hold my hand whenever we were walking, and if we were in a room, he would involuntarily hold me in his arms and caress me, my hair, and kiss me but very dispassionately. There were no sexual implications at all. In this particular part of the dream I was getting dressed to go out with him somewhere and he came into the room while I was getting dressed and I said "don't come in, I'm getting dressed" and he came in and said that we were going to go to this house on the outskirts of town, and I said "all right, I'll be ready in just a few minutes" and he left and my son came in and talked to me about something and whatever it was didn't make much sense and he left, and the strange thing was that my son was his age, 39, but I was still the "younger woman". Eventually I got dressed. I had showered and done all the feminine things, the deodorant, the cologne and so forth and met the young man and walked hand in hand for quite a distance, to a beautiful street where there were all theses old sea captains houses, like we have on the coast of Maine. The street was lined with these houses on both sides of the street and we walked by many of them and finally came to one that was more like a southern plantation with the pillars in the front supporting a balcony. And we went around to the side of this house and we entered a door and climbed a flight of stairs and there was a door at the top and he had a key which unlocked the door, and we walked into a room with very high ceiling, no carpet on the floor, but an ugly brown chair, and an ugly blue chair... I don't remember any draperies, and there was a big old television set in one corner, obviously an old, black and white and he led me through a door into another room, which was totally unfurnished, it was quite a maze of rooms actually, all empty of furnishings except that first one. There was pealing paint on the walls which I believe were painted white, but that's not very vivid now, and he left me to go somewhere and a friend of his came in and asked me how I like the apartment and I said that it could be very nice if it was fixed up and a couple, a man and a woman, presumably his wife, and a little boy came in and walked into another room, which I assumed was a bedroom, they were very, very tired, and they put the boy to bed in another small bedroom, and they disappeared and I can't describe them to you, and I stood in a hall and leaned up against a wall, and I was very nicely dressed, I had on black panty hose, and nice black shoes, a dark gray skirt with a black sweater, some earrings and I felt as though I looked very nice. And across from this hallway there was good-sized hole in the wall, 6 or 8 inches in diameter and down the floor came a good sized spider, and I am deathly afraid of spiders, and I just cringed up against this wall and shouted to this friend of my friend to please come and kill this spider and he said "get real, I don't like them, I'm afraid of spiders too". So he didn't come to help me and the spider just came closer on the opposite side and he tried his best to dig his way in under the wall. He couldn't, and he only had 4 legs. And he had an oval, red patch on his back, but when he climbed the wall to get up to this hole, it turned to be gray and fuzzy. And when it looked in this hole and then tilted down, clinging to the rim of this hole with his back legs, and when he lurched up and he had a very small mouse in it's 2 front legs and he tipped the mouse up and opened his mouth and the blood ran out of the mouse's mouth and into his. And I began to gag and retch and thankfully woke up.