[1997-05-02] I'm at a client's house, at her kitchen table and a relative of mine, a cousin named J came in and said she was T's wife, so we were talking and she said that she had lost some of her sight, we were talking and she seemed very sad and needing of someone to talk to, but at the same time I was very happy to see her, because I haven't seen her in a long, long time and I like seeing cousins that I haven't seen in a long, long time and we chatted on and I think there was sunlight coming in from the window, near the table where I was sitting because it felt like it was afternoon, about 2 in the afternoon. Then the dream jumps to my old house that I grew up in and J was there too and my parents and my sister and I and my friend N. N was my first roommate when I got my apartment and N had a long antennae from a radio and we're getting stations, faraway stations, but when you walk past you have to make sure you don't walk into the antennae. So she's getting a faraway station and she's wanting me to listen to it, but I wanted to go to bed, but she persuaded me to listen to this funny show, there was a song on the radio and I was listening to it and they had different beat in music to it, so we were laughing about the song. And when I decided that we would go into the living room, J was there and she was going to watch TV with my parents, M and my sister, but I was torn between watching TV with them or because I was tired, going to bed. So I said "goodnight" and they all sat down on different couches and chairs and I saw that they were all settled in and I gave it a little bit of thought and, this is about 9:30 at night, I remember seeing the light was on in the living room and I remember the TV was on, I could hear the TV, I could hear them all taking their positions and after a bit more thought I said that I was going to bed because I was tired and I went back to my old room, where I used to sleep and I saw J's pajamas and I moved them, put them somewhere else, I don't remember where. Then I took my guide dog in my room, and for a minute I couldn't remember if I had taken her out at 9:00. Then I remembered that they were doing some kind of construction work in the back yard and I was wondering if it was okay to go out there and I could hear bulldozers and stuff. Then I remembered that I had taken her out but I also thought that if I hadn't I would have taken her out in the front yard. The back wasn't such a good idea because they were doing some kind of digging. I patted her and felt her soft fur and said goodnight to her and lay down and went to bed.