[1997-06-28] I was standing in my bedroom which has a bureau a bed and a smaller dresser and a couple of tables that I have a tape recorder on and which I listen to when I am listening to tapes. It has a little tiny drawer inside and I have another table with a telephone on it and a few things like that. I was sitting on a chair on one side of my bed and I heard this voice and this person, this voice said to me "How would you like to be able to fly whenever you wanted to?" I said "That sounds kind of interesting, different, but first of all who are you?" And the voice said "My name is Flora." And I said "How am I supposed to fly if I can't tell where I'm going?" And she said "Well, you can just say where you want to go and you'll get there." And that sounded kind of neat, that would save all my transportation problems and I could choose whenever I wanted to do this. So I asked what I needed to do. She handed me this can that smelled like it had had baby powder in it. She said "Just sprinkle some of it on your arms." So I did and she told me, "Just flap them." I did and the next thing I knew was that I had flown out of my room and down the stairs and I was in my livingroom. So I thought this was kind of fun, and I realized that I was getting pretty low on groceries I think I'd like to go grocery shopping so as I was about to go I asked "How am I supposed to take my guide dog with me?" She said "Put a little of that powder on your guide dog too and hold onto the harness, flap an arm and hold onto the leash and the dog will come up with you." So I decided okay, sounds good to me, we started out. We stepped outside, closed the door, locked it stepped down and didn't say "forward Sammy." I said "We're going to do something different and I took her leash and flapped my arms, we went up in the air and I was thinking, I want to go to Shop and Save, they've got good buys there, so off we went. The next thing I knew, I was in the grocery store, but I forgot to ask how I was supposed to manage after I got the groceries.