[1997-07-05] I was sitting in my condominium and I heard my computer start talking to me. I was curious as to how this was happening since I hadn't turned it on or connected my speech synthesizer so the computer could talk to me or tell me what was on the screen. Actually there was nothing on the screen but the computer was speaking anyway. It asked me what I wanted and I said I would want to go anywhere that I needed to get to without having to ask other people. So it said, "Okay, lets make a program so you can put down all of the places you usually have to get to." And I started to argue with it and asked it all kinds of questions like "how can all this be happening? I can't drive so what difference does it make if I make out a program?" The computer told me not to be so doubtful. Just pick out the places on the program I wanted included. So I did and it was explained to me that I would tell my computer where I wanted to go and I would get there. I was pretty skeptical because a lot of these pie in the sky things don't work. So I said "Okay, I want to go shopping at the little plaza where the Ames used to be, because there are a bunch of neat stores. Its also more fun to go with somebody and so I want to take Hilda (a blind friend) with me." So I called her in my room, I grasped the telephone, and made a quick call and said "lets go shopping, my computer just talked to me and I programmed it in to know that I wanted to go different places." So we did this. I told the computer I wanted to go shopping top that little plaza, walked into the plaza, went into some of the different stores, the Radio Shack, the Card shop where you can buy all kinds of cards and little gifts, then we went to the bakery where we smelled the aroma of coffee cakes and cookies and all kinds of rich, fattening pastries. Then we went to the shoe store which isn't really there anymore but we went there anyway, and I bought some more shoes. Then there was a department store there and I found some more music boxes, so I bought some of those too. And we found a clothing store and Hilda wanted to buy some clothes, some new dresses and things so I decided to check out those too. And everybody was helpful. Then after we'd had enough shopping, I decided it was time to go home. I had my little palm top computer and I told it through a series of commands to tell my other computer that we needed to get home. A car came and we got home.