[1997-07-12] I was in my condo, asleep, in bed, and I heard some strange sounds coming from downstairs. I had locked both the front and back doors, the windows were also closed because I had the air conditioner on and I couldn't figure out how anybody could be in there. But then I smelled meat frying in the kitchen and I heard people walking around and so I thought I'd better investigate. I put my slippers on, rubbed my eyes, threw on a robe and headed down the stairs very carefully, cause I felt like I was only half awake. I heard people talking in the kitchen and I said "Who are you." And a woman said, "Well, we were here and my son and I were hungry and we wanted to have some meat, so I'm frying it in a pan with some eggs." And I said "I don't mind giving people some food, but I'd like to know how you got into my condominium." And she said, well, we just touched the door and it was locked but we wiggled it a little more and it opened so we walked in." So I asked her where she lived and she said "Yeah, they had a house but it was too early to go grocery shopping and they just needed some food." So I made some coffee in my drip coffee maker, cause I said to her, "Well, as long as you're eating breakfast you might as well have some coffee too." And I had some orange juice, so I gave her son and her some of that and then I washed the dishes. Then I said to her, "Gee, you can't just go without having some other kind of food so I opened the lower kitchen cabinets where I keep all of my canned goods and I went through to find some goods that she could utilize and I also took out some macaroni from the upper cabinet, where I keep extra boxes of macaroni on hand, and I gave her some of that. I gave her a can of baked beans so she could mix that with the macaroni because the beans have tomato sauce on them and they can make a little supper. I gave her crackers and peanut butter because I knew that wouldn't spoil, I gave her some tuna fish, then I gave her some bread from the refrigerator so that she and her son could make sandwiches and some soda in cans. They thanked me and went out the door. This was so strange that when I woke up I actually went downstairs in my robe to check whether or not I had left the stove on.