[1997-07-18] There was another girl her name was Lindsy, much younger than I, but Lindsy and I had been taken to the basement of a building, don't know by whom, there was one person there who seemed to be in control of us. I had a feeling this was a gang related thing. I had no clue; what we were supposed to have done, what they thought we had done, but he had placed 2 high stools, like the ones at my breakfast bar, up against a brick wall. Lindsy was already seated on hers, I was still standing, being given my instructions by this creep, who had handed us each, I don't know if these were packages of juice, made of a type of heavy duty foil paper, very good for like taking to a beach or something,. She already had hers and I was being handed mine, and hearing the instructions, however these 2 bags were filled with oil. We were being instructed to sit on these stools and drink this oil. I could hear Lindsy, it was terrible, out of fear or absolute obedience, was drinking this stuff down like a glass of water if you were thirsty. I could hear her swallowing and I remember thinking "I can't drink this poison, its going to make me very sick." Right after I heard her drinking, I heard this extremely violent vomiting, it was Lindsy, which then induced my own. I had raised mine to my lips but I never did take a drink of it. Thank goodness, the scene changed and I was in the same building, but in a higher level of it and I was in what felt like a very large, comfortable apartment that was mine. It was my living quarters. A neighbor had come over from across the hall telling me there was something on TV which I might enjoy watching and I said, "Yes, that I would, thank you, I'll watch it on my own." He became a little bit offended and wanted to know why and I said "Because if I want to get up and fix myself a cup of coffee or something, I could." The scene changed one more time and I was walking down, the same building, I left my apartment evidently, I was walking down a rather long corridor, and I was being careful, I was being careful because I didn't know what obstacles might be in the way. I reached the end of it and I went through a door and was on the outside of the building. Oddly, outside of the building, I felt counter tops that had cabinets underneath just like you would have in a kitchen, and I was opening them up to investigate, I found there were some dishes, some of which were perfectly empty. Everything was very dirty and I remember thinking "What an absolute waste of good material, and why would anyone want to live like this out doors?".