[1997-05-26] We were on vacation with my cousin G, I haven't seen him in years, we went mountain climbing and went up a very rigorous climb that was almost too much for me. We made it to the top, to a little precarious ledge, we were sitting on this thing and all I had to hold onto was a plastic pole, stuck down into this soft, earthy ground, and one little place to put one foot to keep me from falling back down the mountain. I was sitting there thinking how difficult it was and I was scared up there and then my wife was beside me and she said that my twin brother T was down at the bottom, in tears, he was lying down, he just couldn't make it and he was upset and it was just too much for him, and my cousin came up, just walked right up and was having a good time and was talking to us and we told him, we admitted it was just too much for us and he apologized and said he was really sorry and that he just hadn't realized. Then, I remember I had a big 2 liter pop bottle and I was telling my wife some sort of story, explaining to her how much the bottle cost... "it was $1.29" or something like that and here's what happened to it I just threw it off the mountain and it went crashing down to the bottom somewhere. Then we talked for a while. Then there was someone else there, I don't know who it was, but when we were talking about how difficult it was he said, "well I believe in giving it the old Marine try, that means you ask God for help 101 times and usually that works." I was thinking about that. Then we decided to go back down and in going back down, I found that there was a paved way that we could make it, very easily, it was just like a steep slope going down, like a sidewalk. So we went back down, and we were in a house and my cousin was still there and I found this old knife that I wanted to have sharpened. And the blade was split at the tip so it had 2 points, like a fork almost, it was split right in the middle and my cousin showed me, he said "come right on down this other little slope to this ledge", this was still in the house though. He had somehow used the computer to create a vibration so that when I took this knife and held it against the flat surface of the cement, it was vibrating like crazy, and I was able to sharpen the blade by holding it for quite a long while, like 5 minutes on each side, flipping it over, feeling the edge to make sure it was getting sharp and then E, my wife, was lying down right next to us on the couch, trying to sleep and she began to complain about the noise it was making and how it would wake up the neighbors and she said "you know how these people around here swear!" And I said "I don't care, its not making that much noise and they were going to have to put up with it or I might just have to stab somebody! Once I had this thing sharpened" And we all had a good laugh at that. I remember thinking that I've got to get my cousin to explain to me how he did that, how he was able top do that with the computers, setting up that field that would make this knife vibrate.