[1997-05-06] I was with my brother, most of the time, sometimes it may have been my so in, I was walking down this path and I came to this wooden bridge and I walked to the end but was afraid to go any further because I thought that it might go into the water. My brother called me back and said "come on, you've got to come back this other way. There was a shed there, a really small, wooden house of a thing, and I could get into it but there was no opening to get out of the other side to get out. He kept calling me and saying "you've got to come through here, this is the only way to get through here to get back." I said "Well, I didn't have to come through here going down, why do I have to go through here going back?" and he said, "well, you just have to. Its too far to go around it." He insisted that I try to get out of this thing and the wood in it was all old and rotted, so I started ripping pieces of it off, until I made room for me to get out. And I kept tearing at it and finally managed to make a space big enough for me to crawl out and drop down to the ground on the other side if it. I felt really guilty about it, thinking "boy, I'm really tearing this place up" and I asked my brother if he thought anybody saw me and he said "yeah! A lot of people did." And I asked him what that shed was for and he said "That's where they do people's taxes." And I felt bad about this and I thought I should really find out who owns this and pay them for ripping it up even though it was in bad shape. Then we were on a bicycle and we were going really fast along these roads, I was riding on the back of it, leaning back on what I remember used to be called a sissy bar. My brother was peddling and we were going so fast it was almost as if we were on a motorcycle. It was a bike though, it was so quiet and he just seemed to be peddling it effortlessly. I remember saying to him "Let's stop at Butler's store on the way home and get something to drink, like a pop or something." The next thing I knew we were in some doctor's office and it had something to do with taxes but they were doing a kind of cursory examination of people and there was a couple across from us we were talking to. A woman came out of the inner office and called me instead of my brother but it was my brother that was supposed to be examined. She called J but I said, "no, its T that you want, his name is T" so he went in with her and I was talking to the couple and I was explaining to them how my brother and I used to go for a few beers when we were young and how we used to drink it by the quart sometimes and all this stuff. And then the man and the woman started to say that they were going to go to a restaurant and get something to eat. He said "Honey, if there was a restaurant near here I would go right now and get us something to eat.