[1997-05-20] I had to go for a physical and I remember getting there, my wife drove us up, I was supposed to be there at 1:00 and it was 2 minutes to 1:00 when we got there. I checked my watch and said "this is great, we're right on time, its a good thing we left when we did." We got in there and the nurse took me and had me step up on a scale, was weighing me. Then I got up on the table and the doctor came in, he had a deep voice. I remember the sound of his shoes walking, he had a nice firm walk He came in and started talking to me and gave me a shot I asked him what kind of shot it was and he said "It's an ACD shot." My wife is a nurse (in reality) and we were trying to figure out what kind of shot that was. She said she didn't know. He gave me the shot in the upper part of my left arm and it was somewhat painful and I sort of winced a little bit, but I said it didn't hurt that badly. I asked him what it was and he said it was a cardiac shot, maybe hepatitis, I asked what the A was for and he said that was a shot for marijuana. I asked what he meant, and he said "it lessens the effect of marijuana if you smoke it." I laughed and said "Oh great! Now I'll have to smoke twice as much marijuana." And he laughed and I said "no, I don't smoke marijuana" [in reality, not for the last 25 years]. Then, while I was still on the table, there was a loud buzz, a doorbell, but the person rang it excessively long and it was excessively loud, and the doctor groaned "oh boy" but he went to the door and opened it. Then this man with a very effeminate voice came in and said he had flowers to deliver and the doctor said "Oh gosh! Those weren't supposed to be delivered here!" Then he called to his nurse "Bevvv! Come in here and take care of this, these are supposed to be delivered (I think he said) to my wife." So she came in and took care of the man with the flowers. The next thing I remember I was out in my backyard sitting at a picnic table eating dinner with my mother and some other people. My mother was sitting right to my right. I don't remember what we were eating, but the yard was kind of sloped down and we were back towards the end of it and we were sitting there eating and talking. I mentioned to my mother that I had had a shot and said "I bet I could probably drink beer now and I bet I could have a few now." [Reality, I have been a recovering and sober alcoholic for 14 years] And my mother said "Oh, I don't know what I would do if I started to find beer bottles and found out that you were drinking again." I started to laugh and said "well, you know there have been a number of times when I've had a few! It doesn't really bother me if I just drink beer and don't drink too much." She didn't sound too believing but said "oh, that's interesting." My thoughts and been that maybe if this shot for marijuana was effective, it might allow me to drink like a regular drinker without having any bad effects from it. My mother left. They had all left and gone somewhere. I was by myself, and I thought I had better start cleaning up the dishes and I picked up my plate and I had a glass which I left there, and started to walk. I heard a splash and realized that I was right along side of a river and I didn't want to fall in the river, and I couldn't exactly remember which way I had to go to get up to my house. I was pretty sure I could feel that the land sloped a little bit, and I thought I was okay and so I started to walk in generally the right direction, but I sort of veered off to the side of my yard and got tangled up in some bushes that are there. I kept walking and at one point I brushed against a wire antenna that I have in my back yard in reality and I remember thinking "boy this thing is really hanging too low. I should get a pole to prop up the middle with" I kept walking and got myself straightened out and got up to the top near my house, where a patio is and a dishwasher was there, and I started to put my plate inside the dishwasher, and I was going to go back and get some more when I started to hear all these voices from inside my basement. It was my neighbor E from across the street, with a bunch of people and they were talking, it was as if she was giving them a tour of my house. Then she came out and started thanking me and then my mother came out and she thanked us both for being such nice people and being such good help. I remember saying "E you're always welcome." Then she was leaving.