I was in a class, possibly for computer programming. There seemed to be many familiar people in the class with me and the instructor was very friendly and it seemed as if I was sitting in the front of the room and he was sitting in the back, and he came up to me and said "I was going to buy you an "Opticon" but the administration wouldn't let me, they cost $6000 but I brought you a Braille writer and I bought you all this other stuff and I just wondered if you were familiar with it because you are going to need them in this class." I remember thinking "I'm glad he didn't buy an Opticon because I don't remember how to use one. So I began to unpack the box he gave me, and there did appear to be an Opticon and had a little hand held camera with it. A little box that had something similar to a little Braille display, maybe a one line Braille display, maybe an Opticon. I started taking out this thing and all the accessories that came with it and I was amazed at the different plugs and cords and there were adapters like standard serial port adapters for computers, there were some that were offset between the male and female end of it. There were some wires with like plastic keys hanging off of them. My co-worker, M happened to be there then and she said "Oh, this is interesting, you could probably stick this in a car's ignition to start it if you happened to lose your key." We had a laugh about that. I just kept looking at these different pieces. There was one piece that I fitted onto the back of the machine with a little flange, it was some sort of little plug. Throughout the dream everything seemed pretty familiar to me and I seemed to know what everything was for. Then M said she had to go and do an interview and I said "where's everybody else?" and she said "I have no idea, they all left at 8:00 and they just left at 8:00 and I'm left with the work to do." [An Opticon is a device which converts printed material into tactile images that actually feel like the printed letters. It has largely gone out of vogue for the last 15 or 20 years.]