[1997-05-29] I was in a hotel and I woke up with my wife and I said "Whoa! We're in England!" and we both remembered that we were. We were on a vacation I guess and we were talking and I was listening to the other guests in the other hotel rooms that I could hear. Then I heard a man open our door and I heard him say "Nope, he's not here." Then I heard him go down the hall opening other doors and I could hear him say "His mother's not here." Some kid was lost and they were looking for his mother. But the kid was speaking Spanish, not English. I heard a woman say something to the kid which I understood to mean "Can I pick you up?" He was like a little 2 or 3 year old. I thought I heard her say "Me exceptuo alor" or something, some words, I don't know what they mean. Then someone came into our room and was talking about coffee. We said that we'd like to go get a cup and she said "well, I already made it for you, it's right here." She handed me a cup and it was hot and the top felt like the bottom and so I turned it upside down and that top felt like the bottom too, and I thought I was going to spill it, that there must have been a lid on it so I turned it over again and felt it and there was this flat disc that was there instead of the top. I asked what it was there for, "to keep the heat in?" And she said, "no, it's to muddy it up a little bit." I tasted it and it was okay but there were some coffee grinds in it. Then there was no longer a woman there but a man and he said "well we put onion in the coffee and it makes it taste better." And I was tasting it and it did taste pretty good. Then I thought, I should turn on my radio and tune across the FM band and see what the local stations and programs are like. Then we were thinking about going on a tour somewhere and we asked the woman if there were any tourist attractions that we can walk to from here. Its funny, I never did hear anyone with a British accent, they all sounded like Americans, even when I was tuning around on the radio.