[1997-06-05] I was in my office and I was going to go to lunch, walking over toward the coat rack I remembered saying "I think I'm going to blow the rest of this day off." One of my co-workers was kidding me and she said "I heard that!" Then I was supposed to go to a meeting the Cleveland Blind Association and I went to the coat rack and I couldn't find my coat. I was feeling all the different coats, even reached into the pocket of one of them which felt similar to mine, and I found a bunch of balled up papers and different things and I realized that it wasn't my coat. I had to go through the whole coat rack one coat after another until I found mine. They all seemed to feel the same and I had a cab waiting for me so I was really in a hurry to go. I finally did find it, it was way over on the right hand end of the coat rack, probably took five minutes to go through all of the coats [That has never happened to me, I can usually reach right over and feel the texture of my coat.] So I went downstairs and I remember thinking "Oh, at least the cab is coming right here for me I don't have to walk a couple blocks to meet it." The next thing I knew, I was at the Blind Association and I walked in. I couldn't remember exactly which way to go. The more I thought about it the more it seemed like the school for blind children that I went to as a kid, than the blind association. But I got there and was walking and one of the women who worked there was kind of helping me and she said "now we turn to the right here" then she grabbed me and said "its very narrow here" she thought I was going to bump into something. Then we ended up in a big open reception area in the front and again I was waiting for this cab. I don't know how I got to the Blind association but she said, I was right next to this big window in the front of the place, she said "sit here in this prom chair" and I said "boy, I bet I'm less nervous today then when I went to the prom." Then we started talking about the prom and I said that neither of my kids had ever gone to the prom. I remember going to the bath room and then coming out and they said, "Your cab was here but he didn't want to wait so he went to have lunch at the restaurant next door and he'll be back to pick you up." So I waited about 15 or 20 minutes and he never did come back to pick me up.