[1997-06-16] I was walking down the street with a couple of friends. There was some confusion over who one of the persons was. I thought it was a friend named Skippy and another time I thought it was a friend named KH. They're guys from when I was a teenager. At one point it was definitely Skippy and he kept making comments, making too much noise and I was afraid that we were going to get into trouble. It was the middle of the night and we were out walking. I threatened him that if he did it again that he would be in trouble and he did and so I started beating him. I grabbed him, started slapping him and hitting him as hard as I could, and I just kept it up and kept it up. And I kept asking him to apologize and he wouldn't so I kept beating him. Suddenly I heard him passing gas and he said "oh, I'm shitting all over myself" and I thought "I've gone too far, I've either killed him or done brain damage or something." So I stopped and I ran with the other kids, whoever it was with us, and the next thing I knew, we were inside the kid's apartment but the kid was no longer Skippy, but was a kid named KH. We were in the apartment and I remember thinking "Boy, this place is really sleazy, I don't like it here at all." KH wasn't there and we were really worried about what had happened to him. I didn't know if he had died or if the police had picked him up or what happened. Then for some reason I went in to take a shower and the place was really a pit. The tub was small, and instead of being rectangular the way they usually are, it was really high but it was square. It wasn't very big, I remember climbing up to get into it and the tub kind of moved and I thought "Man, this place just isn't put together very well. I had a hard time getting the curtain closed, and I got shampoo all over my head and the water pressure was so minimal, I could hardly rinse out the shampoo or get my head washed. I was in a hurry and this KH's dad, who I remember as a kid as a real pervert came in and was talking to me and I thought "This guy's going to rape me or something, I've got to get out of here." And he said something like "there's water coming out, you better turn the shower off." And I did, I got out and the next thing I knew, I was outside walking with my son and we had a summons that we had to appear in court that afternoon. I'm not sure what it was for, it had something to do with this incident from the night before I think. It was on really slimy paper, slimy and greasy, like it had Crisco or something all over it. I remember running it under some water and thinking I hope I don't ruin the paper, but I have to get some of this slime off here so I can read it and I had somebody trying to read it for me and that's where the dream ended.