I am driving alone along a parkway trying to locate a certain intersection. Several cars are in right lane, but I manage to edge in as we approach an intersection. I keep looking for large signs describing the intersection and see nothing, only small street-type signs which I cannot read. I am annoyed and drive past intersection in disgust. Later I stop while driving on a long, narrow street and ask a man for the route to Panama. He has a shopping cart of groceries and says he'll show me the way if I take him and his cart. I have a small green car and open the trunk, but it is full of packages. We think about putting the cart and contents through a door, but do not actually do it. Later am in a small restaurant in which I think is Mexico. A small boy is with me as a guide. He has gone to eat, sitting at another table with friends, while I eat alone. I finish and am impatient for him to complete his meal so we can leave. He finishes, but then leans back to relax and chat. I realize that this Latin relaxing is not for me and decide to get up and walk out and surely he will then follow me. Then realize as I reach the outside that I don't have the car keys and have left them in my shirt pocket. Rush back into restaurant and find shirt on back of a chair and am relieved to find keys haven't been stolen. Later am at home and packing for a trip to Latin America. I intend to drive there and just continue on and on with no definite destination, but just to drive along and enjoy the sight. Take a khaki blanket from a closet in case have to sleep in car. Also pick up a pair of rubbers in case of tropical rains. I think about supper and note time is 3:15 and decide I must be on my way by 3:30. Then I realize I cannot really go on the trip and leave my two daughters alone since they are still going to school. They need me and I must abandon the trip. Also am aware that Nancy is 20 and Katie is 6 and that the former should be able to carry on in my absence. But I still decide to cancel the trip.