I have arrived in Paris again, apparently by boat, and am in the Gare St. Lazare or something similar where Le Havre trains arrive. I decide to pick up suitcase later and walk to a nearby stamp store to see what they have. It is a store that I have visited before. Exiting from station I note time is 8:45 a.m., but that the weather is foul, dark and murky and uninviting. I think it odd that it should resemble more closely 5:00 a.m. weather. Return to station and get case and then walk to where I have a car waiting, parked opposite station. Astonished to see my car full of people, sort of dark working class types. I place case in with them and find a spot to sit crammed in rear. A cop taps at window and I lower to see what he wants. Asks how come car parked there and I say it was only for a minute while I got my case and that I had brought the car over with me. He seems astonished that I would bring a car with me. (Car is a small blue Renault.) The guy at wheel drives away and when he turns right instead of left, I realize we will not pass the stamp store. I shout to stop and "get out of my car!" They continue and ignore me. A few feet later we slow down because many people and some cops are crowded on street. I open window and shout "Stop!" and bang my hand on side of car. Car stops as a few police walk over. (Prior to this as we drove away from station I looked around at all other parked cars, thinking I may have actually gotten into wrong car, but I see no other that resembles mine.) I am so annoyed as the cops approach, I cannot think to speak French and keep shouting "STOP!" Next we are all in police station and asked to produce registrations. I do and a cop puts into an open, used envelope and does same for the workers' registration and then walks away into another room. The workers, four or five men, a woman and a small child, sit down and wait patiently. I walk up and down, annoyed at all the waste of time, and keep looking at them. They don't seem to bear any malice toward me and I think this odd. A long time passes and the cops don't take any action, and I am worried that maybe I did take the wrong car. But nothing happens and I continue getting more impatient.