There are four of us at the beginning and we are among Those on Earth. A spirit, a powerful angel, comes for us and we follow her through the air to a room -- is it in the clouds? The room is long and narrow, and we sit at chairs on the same side of a long, narrow table, looking blankly at the Earth somewhere below us. My chair is the left-most one, and I have a vague feeling of loss, a vague sense that the right-most seat of the four is empty. The angel announces, "One of us did not make it, and we know what that means." I do not completely understand the remark. Something about the angel reminds me of my mother. The angel then flies down to sing for Those on Earth. The scene is a rock concert, where the angel is on a stage with microphones. Her audience on Earth is very large, and we can see all of this from our seats in the long, narrow room. It is night time and the angel sings of the stars. I look at the sky and the stars appear beautifully to me. I want to see the stars more closely, so I get up and leave the long, narrow room, a move I am not sure I should be making. Curiosity is stronger than doubt and I do go back to the Earth. When I arrive I find I am a butterfly skipping across a large meadow near a mountain. One of Those on Earth sees me and touches me. It is very painful: my body, my wings, all feel as if on fire! Even the very sky turns red as I am touched, and I yell out a very loud, "Ow!" The person touching me can not hear the yell, and touches me again, apparently trying to catch me as I fly away in hurt. The second touch is just as painful. Altogether I am touched two or three times before escaping. Now I am hiding in the mountains, halfway between Earth and the long, narrow room in the sky. I can not go back to either, and I am now alone. And suddenly I have a great insight: the other from my original group on Earth (the one who did not make it to the right-most seat at the long, narrow table) is a butterfly just like me! The butterflies are the ones who leave boredom looking for beauty. The long, narrow room is a place we must go to when its time has come, but it is also a place we leave when we are ready.