I am among a group of friends at my home having a discussion, and I say something witty (I can not remember what.) To impress them I say, "That's a line from Shakespeare." "Which play?", someone asks. "I don't know", I answer, "but I have his collected works." Next to the table where we are all seated is my bookcase, and I pull down the red-covered volume entitled, "Shakespeare's Collected Works", and begin leafing through the index of quotations. I find a reference to one of the historical plays (which one?) and open to that page. As we read aloud from there, one of the women in the group suggests, "We should try it in a real theater." Somehow we indeed next find ourselves in a real theater with a live audience. All the members of the original group now have copies of the red-covered "Collected Works" to use as scripts, and a few of us, including myself, walk out onto the stage in order to perform from the same page that was read in my home. I begin to read the part named "King" opposite one of my woman friends who reads the part of the "Queen". There is a hub-bub from the audience and we are not being heard well. Another man (a friend of mine?) is now also trying to read the part of the King. Sensing confusion, I ask him softly, "Oh, do you want the part? That's fine.", and I relinquish my role. Seeing that the lines are still being barely heard by the audience, I instruct both he and the Queen, "In Shakespeare, you have to PROJECT." The last word I speak loudly and clearly, and it rings throughout the theater. Murmurs of agreement in the audience follow, and then silence for the first time. I decide that since I no longer have an acting part in the play, I will be the director, and I slip behind a convenient shell on the floor at front center stage. The Queen reads her lines, and then I give a cue to a young girl, maybe eight years old, to read her part, that of a young princess or a magical fairy. Then the King recites some lines to the young girl. Both the audience and I are moved by the performance.