My brother X. and I arrive for a vacation at a very busy airport in Israel. As we are walking through the terminal, I realize that our luggage did not arrive with us. "Oh", I say, "we were supposed to claim it in Cairo", referring to a previous stop-over in the Egyptian capital.  "We have to go back there and get the bags." We struggle through the overcrowded terminal and reach a set of elevators. The elevator I am standing in front of takes a long time to reach our floor and I grow impatient. Just as I start walking towards another elevator, X. cries out, "Here it is!" The original elevator opens, and a large mob sweeps us in with them. When I get off the elevator, I find myself alone at Cairo Airport. In marked contrast to its Israeli counterpart, this airport is quiet, relaxed and almost empty. I find myself lying down outdoors on a patch of grass near a runway. The sun shines brightly and the airfield is surrounded by lush green trees. As I lazily look up from my siesta, I spot a small, single-passenger pedal-powered airplane hovering overhead. The pilot spins his craft, then stops it in mid-air, as he pedals what looks like a black flywheel with bicycle pedals attached. Then he releases the flywheel and glides away. The flywheel falls quickly and strikes a young man lying on the ground close to me. He does not appear to be hurt, but he is clearly annoyed. There is a young woman lying at his side who says of the pilot, "What an idiot!" Then the two of them look at each other and she hugs him around the waist. I get up and walk towards a nearby building. On the way a large group of teenagers passes in the opposite direction. At first I see a few boys and a few girls and do not note anything unusual. Then I see a boy walk by wearing a tank-top shirt which exposes his highly muscular arms. Soon another boy with a similar shirt walks by; he, too, has highly muscular arms. After him follows another boy with muscular arms, and then another and another. As the dream ends, there is a parade of youths with muscular arms walking past.