I was in my junior high school. We were supposed to bring foods for a cooking class. But no one in my group knew and brought anything. The school had a school lunch program and pots and pans had been already brought in and the classroom was filled with the smell of food. The teacher said that since we were going to have a cooking class, we didn't need foods provided by the school. I had to take a big heavy pan filled with some soup back to the food serving center. I was walking through a hallway. I was not in my junior high school but in my elementary school. When I finally arrived at the place where the center was supposed to be, I noticed that the school had been reconstructed and I had to go still further. The hallway was colored in green and seemed to lead to nowhere. It was like the yellow brick road in the Land of Oz. I crossed many hallways and each was a different color. The last hallway I crossed was colored in blue with a faint light. It had the name, "Snow Road." It was beautiful, and I thought that I had better tell my friends about this hallway when I got back to the classroom. I was now standing in a big hall. The green road forked off in several directions. One of them led to the harbor. I saw a man in a suit and asked him if he worked there. He said that he was supposed to see the principal but had lost his way. I said that since I was a student there, I might be able to help him. He said it was ok and disappeared. I saw the food serving center far in the right direction and walked toward that direction. When I finally arrived at the center, I asked a woman where I should put the pan. She said that I had to pour the contents into another pan. I did as she said, but the pan was not big enough. I left both pans on the table anyway. When I was washing my hands, I saw a teacher coming. I didn't know why, but I pretended that I was working for the center. I went out of the center and saw the man in a suit in the room next to the center, talking with the principal. I came back to the big hall, but I didn't know which road led to the classroom. I took the straight road and continued to walk. I passed the harbor. I was in a downtown area, which didn't look like Boston's or the downtown of any other American city. I knew that I had lost my way, but I kept walking. I was now walking through an alley. I thought that if I knew where the Prudential was, I could find my way. Since I was surrounded by buildings, I couldn't see anything. Then a truck came into the alley. I was almost killed. I saw another truck beyond the building and asked the driver if he could see the Prudential. He didn't hear me. Someone else answered. It was the voice of the driver of the first truck. Then, I saw the city of Boston far away. I asked him if he could give me a ride to Boston. He said that we were on a highway and had to turn around at the next intersection. We walked toward the intersection. The roads were too narrow, but the driver managed to turn the truck and I jumped in. I told him that it might be dangerous to use this highway, especially during rush hour. He said that since no one in Maine went to Boston for work, there had been no traffic jam on this highway.