This dream occurred the same night as dream #1. First it begins that a black obese girl is trying to do gymnastics. She is a professional, but somehow she can't do gymnastics. Then she turns into a white girl who is running laps around a small room and I'm training her. Next thing I know I'm serving dinner then cleaning up the dishes. My mother got angry because I got my shirt dirty with what looks like cheese. I got angry. The next thing I know I'm hanging out with my godmother's second oldest son. We are at a transit station. I want to get him home because he doesn't know how to get home. We get on the train which then turned into a bus. I told him not to talk to strangers and to keep away from the homeless people. The guys sitting near us and behind us got mad at me for saying this. Next thing I know I'm talking to a guy behind us who is my coworker. We pass a building all lit up with Christmas lights. I asked what that building was and realized that it is where I work. (But in real life it isn't where I work.) He asks me to play hookey with him but I refuse. Now suddenly some other guy takes the steering wheel. We go into the woods and we see dead people around us. Some were hanged, others I don't really [illegible] I'm holding Carlo's hand. He's about 11 years old. Suddenly people are coming after us with bat-like instruments. I run as fast as I can and hold tight to his hand. Somehow I lost him but someone was nice enough to [illegible] him to me so we could escape. I think the whole time I had a key in my hand. As we are escaping the door closes and I pry it open from the top. There is another barrier with lots of open spaces. But, before we escape Carlo asks me to shut the door with him on the inside to see if he can open it with the key. I yell, "No!" to him and pull him outside. We jump over the barrier to safety. I think there were some cops waiting there. Next thing I know I'm talking to my godmother on the phone, Carlo's mother. I thought it was her birthday but it was two days after her anniversary which wasn't true. I think she's trying to tell me she's having twins. I think she may be joking. I wasn't sure, so I handed the phone to my mother. I  said to her, "She knows you better, maybe she'll tell you." Then the two of them started mumbling in Italian. I woke up mad and scared, hoping that Carlo was okay.