My first dream occurred the 17th of November. Although it was not as scary as previous ones, it was very confusing. The first recall was my grandmother's house in Venezuela. I think the family was having a party for whatever the reason. The confusing part is when I bump into my friends (high school friends) from Miami. I felt guilty when seeing them because I did not invite any of them to my sister's wedding last August, 1992. (My reasons for not inviting them included inconsideration and neglect from them., e.g., every time I was in Miami for the holidays/vacations, I would call them to make plans. Unfortunately, they had their excuses and/or made plans with me but never followed up on them. During my grandmother's party they neglected me again and would not even look at me. Suddenly my dream shifts from those high school friends to one kid named Joey Levy. During my sixth and seventh grade years, this kid became my so-called friend. His mother and my father attended high school in Venezuela years ago. The Levys also lived in Miami and therefore gave Joey and me a reason to become friends. Joey was the cynical, sarcastic kid who I hated. Through Joey, I was able to meet his two friends, Mark Cedar and Maurice Gabay. The one thing we had in common was soccer. We played for "K-Land." They played in the 71-A team while I played on the 70-B team. They were better athletes than I was. I therefore always envied them. Anyway, the friendship between these three guys and myself soon disappeared after my Bar-Mitzvah. I took the big initiative not to invite Mark Cedar (because I didn't like the way he treated me in camp the previous summer. I was hurt and angry at him.) This was a big soap opera during those years. Afterwards, Joey would make me feel guilty for not inviting Mark. Back at my grandmother's, Joey had clearly changed. He was no longer the pain-in-the-butt, sarcastic rascal. He went to Israel after high school and came back a pot-smoking liberal. I actually felt comfortable with him for once. However, he did seem depressed for reasons unknown. He told me that Mark received a tennis scholarship to Frostburg State University in Maryland. Similarly, Maurice received a soccer scholarship to Florida State where he was the leading scorer and star of the team.