A massive quest for pornography. Everyone was searching for porn. It's too vague for me to remember, but I recall videos laying in the street, a magazine on a table. Then I ended up at the junior college library, which was a horseshoe shaped parking lot/cafe/criogenic freezing lab. Everything was dark and smoky. I walked up one of the aisles and noticed a coffee-and-muffins stand. I thought to myself: 'How hypocritical. This is just like a movie theater. They tell you to leave your food and drinks outside and then sell you coffee and muffins while you read.' I had dived into the 'library' to avoid Eric, an irritating friend. That's when I noticed the criogenic freezing slabs. There were five of them, and each had a Windows display on the side of the slab. The slabs were orange concrete, and the criogenically frozen people were all just laying on top of the big orange blocks, under a set of flashing sheets. Each block was numbered, but only four had people laying on top. The life status of these four were displayed on the Windows 'status bar'. This information was transmitted via wires in the flashing sheets. I then realized that these slabs weren't real at all, but a publicity stunt orchestrated by Devo. I laid down on the free one and pretended to be asleep, under the criogenic flashing glow-in-the-dark electronic Devo sheets. Eric came along and looked. "How long you been asleep, man?" he asks. I didn't respond. Someone told him to check out the display. Eric went away eventually, and I decided to get a book. I eventually found a copy of Finnegans Wake, only it was in this orange folio edition. It looked exactly like a book of methanol and ethanol emissions ratings that I had just returned. I ran around the library, waving this folio in hand, proclaiming: "Everybody should read this book! The questions to everything are in here!" The edition came off of somebody's typewriter. I opened it up to the first page, and recopied the bottom printed half onto the blank top half of the page, thinking all the while that "this page needs some filling." It occured to me that since Joyce was a Catholic, it's likely that some of the answers to the questions in Finnegans Wake are in the Bible. I search for a Bible in the library, but on the shelf in place of Bible, between two books, is a large, soft blueberry muffin, abandoned to fate. I eat it.