We were cabin camping, Laura and I, but there was this strange guy following us all around the place. When he went away, Laura decided to do a little investigating and invaded his house: she examined the construction of his door, and the health of his animals. When we heard him coming we ran for it back to our cabin, and pulled the door, the blinds shut. Next day I left the cabin and out on the curb I met a Filipino kid with a skateboard. He broke something with it, he told me, and now he was fleeing his parents so he wouldn't have to 'pay'. I harbored him and his sister. His sister was younger than him, maybe eight years old, and she sat in the corner with her knees pulled up to her chest, skirt pulled up too far, rocking back and forth and chattering about everything a million miles an hour in a little squeaky voice. I remember that she was wearing white panties. I found a book on the floor that had a really creepy picture of how she would look as an adult in a leotard. Outside, the kid's parents were approaching. I told the kids: 'Go hide in the closet and pretend you're immortal!' This was supposed to protect them from their parents, but it was too late: the parents had seen us all together. They did this wierd bouncing thing, where they would take a step forward, sink down into their knees, bounce up, and step forward again, all with a transfixed glassy expression on their faces, chanting "Na na na! Na na na!" As if this wasn't enough, they were dressed like Mayflower Pilgrims. They cornered us -- the kids gave me something to read. After reading the kids' story, I said, "I put my faith in the children, not in *these* ruined adults!" and I threw a serape filled up with money at the boy. So the pilgrims shot me. Twice in the body, once in the mouth while they pushed me down into the creek. At this point I got a third person view of myself, and this person looked a lot like Mark Twain; not him, but it looked like him. They shot me/him in the mouth and the back of his head blew off, and green smoke began to pour out of his mouth as he sputtered and spit and sent teeth flying. Then he began to decay in the water. All the music stopped abruptly and I woke. Bleh.