Last night I dreamt I was at the theater, some kind of theater production that Dylan was somehow involved with. I saw him and called him over, and we talked a while, and he invited me to go over to some cafe down the road. So we walked down the street and he showed me this cafe. All the walls were pink and stuccoed, and the barista stood behind this hole in the wall where he took your orders. Well, Dylan grabbed a 1-liter Coke and left the money on the counter, but I didn't want so much soda, so I ordered a can of Pepsi and set some quarters on the counter. Turns out the guy who ran the place was John of John's Liquors down by Eastern High School. I leaned through the hole in the wall to place my order and saw Jack sitting there, not really doing anything besides staring off into space. He took a shot of whiskey and ignored me. Then I noticed his entire extended family in the back of the cafe: his grandparents, sleeping in bed, his parents, and so on. Then, of all people, Elizabeth Church came in through the back door and gave Jack a very loving hug, just as though they had been married and were totally in love despite the 30-year age difference. Eventually Elizabeth got me my soda and I thanked her, and talked with her a while, updating her on what was going on in my life and trading info and so on. Then Dylan and I left the cafe; he waved goodbye to Elizabeth, and we walked out onto the street, which had become a field of wildflowers in the meantime. We walked through the field and I told Dylan I was going to visit that cafe more frequently in the future, since I knew so many people who hung around it, including him and Elizabeth, whereas in other cafes I went to nobody knew me at all. I told him about everything going on in my life, my plans, my book, my girlfriend (soon to be wife). At this point Dylan said something like, "The artist's job, you see, is to frame beauty in its proper setting," and we nearly tripped over Laura, who was laying on her side, naked, in the wildflowers. I introduced her and Dylan, and then we stepped over her and kept walking through the field, discussing.