Hard to describe. First the wharf. Walking along the wharf at night. But it is more than the wharf: it is an entire waterfront, a vast wharf the length of three wharves and the width of twenty wharves. I'm moving with the loose crowd. Suddenly the ocean is filled with dozens of sea monsters. These are vast sea dragons, creatures like giant dogs with scales and spinning paddles for legs, enormous snakes with frayed tails. All the creatures are reptillian. I'm whisked along to the library. A man returns a book on tape which has many of the wrong tapes. Some of the tapes are to be used with a good computer: you pop them in and a movie runs on the screen. Most of the cassettes are audiobook tapes. One is a feature film. Several are porn movies. All are issued by the same individual: a man named Ulric. I grab one of the porn tapes and watch it on the computer. Now I'm in a castle. I ascend to the top floor, porn cassette in hand, intent on finding some private place to jack off. Lo and behold, I soon find Bill Gates' bedroom! There is a curtained bed in the room, just like kings had in castles like this. I go over to the bed, and find that, inside the curtain, there is a state-of-the-art PC installed in the bed. Perfect place, I think to myself: private, comfortable, and fully equipped with just the technology I need. Yet I'm nervous about doing this in another person's room, when I don't even know where that person is. So I decided to forget about the movie and walk downstairs: I need to take a shower. I find a shower room and begin to enter: inside the room, with her back turned to me, is one of the patrons from the Hillside library. She is large, not especially attractive, and about fourteen years old. She is stripping to take a shower. I consider: I don't give a crap about her, and I need a shower. But then: it is highly likely that she would be embarrassed and perhaps even disturbed by the presence of a nude man. Ah, shit, I say to myself. I don't want to upset anybody. So I go off in search of a different shower room, knowing fully that there is no other shower. In my search I find Ulric, who decides to hire me to read a book on tape. But then I tell him I live in my car and this bearded, balding, fat middle-aged man tells me I'm worthless, and he gets very hostile, cancelling the earlier agreement. I tell him I'm going to Mexico, and the bastard begins testing my knowledge of Spanish. I play along, though, never pretending to understand when I don't, and soon enough I uncover the holes in his Spanish. I ask him about a word he used, and he's totally speechless. He can't tell me what the word means. It's like he made it up. Bastard.