I went to a church but the service was Sunday school. The teacher was Rev. R. of Iowa city but did not look just like him, made me think of Wallin. The room was a long narrow one opening into a church auditorium. Rev. R. said something about collection. I remembered I had none but would look in my coat pocket. Went to coat room. In reaching over folding chairs knocked down some caps, blue and gray angoratams, and found some money, mostly Chinese coppers had fallen out. I picked them up and took them with me as I did not know which wrap they had fallen from. Return to class, sit at side table. Found a short man, dark man by Rev. R. and several pupils. They were drawing up a biographical sketch of Rev. R. Something about an election as to his continuance. He asked if his son could join the class. All said yes. I wondered why a boy in a woman's class. Boy looked pleased and embarrassed. Then we were eating at the same long table. Peculiarly served meal. I asked people near me how to find claimant of my find explaining why I kept the cash. Might I leave it with the dean of women. People around me are changing. Some are from Fargo College. Decide I will advertise in the Iowan.   People are leaving table. I look up and find Rev. R. and others talking but at our end we are through. Excuse self, go to coat room for wraps. Coat room is a suite of three rooms. Tell some girls "I'll show you why I was late for class but I don't want others to see." Three girls laughing spread themselves out as a screen and I show them the money. One girl is B. Wellman. A tiny Chinese girl sees and asks, "Is it Chinese money?" I ask "Did you lose some?" She says "no" but names someone who did. I look for paper to write down my name and address and phone and have him come for money. She says, "He'll come." And then he's there. A rather stout Chinese enters the inner coatroom and gives as his name the one the child gave. He leads me to outer room and we seat ourselves in rockers. There is a woman there who is Chinese but her face is half dark like a Negro's. I ask him how he lost money in a woman's coatroom. He says, "But she was with me." I ask him how much he lost. For a long time can get no answer. Then he says, "40 coppers." I start to count them out for him but there are not that many. Suddenly I realize something is wrong and that he had not really lost that money. Then we are on the street, I coming after him. He throws the money into a basement window grating. Then changes its place and drops its. He tries to extract it but goes on. I come up and try to find it. There are broken dolls in the dirt by the window but it is a business house and at last after I have dug about for a while, I realize it dropped into a room inside but it is noon and I can't get in. I enter waiting room of the building but keep on retreating to corner where I shan't be seen to fix bloomers. When skirt is up a woman is ushered in to wait. I apologize for my condition. Other people enter. A man asks if I will help him invoice that p.m. I say I'll be glad to have work but I've never invoiced before but I's sure I could do it. Then he looks at the woman's papers and tells her to go away until she's 14. I wonder how she can look so old. Then another one waiting tells me to take my turn but I say I've done but I must see the heads. Then father comes in wearing a beard. (He had it cut off some years before his death.) I think I must be seeing wrong for he's dead. It must be his brother, uncle M., but it is father and I ask him, "How could you come back?" He says "Oh, I could", and kisses me. I say, "It feels just like you again." He laughs, "Of course." We go downstairs to the basement. I see an almost empty room reminding me of the Sunday school room and tell father, "The day nursery used to be there but we moved it upstairs." We go through many rooms. In one room rich people are eating lunch. At last we reach the office near the window behind some junk. Another man has hurried forward to look too.