Looking at photograph mother is showing of some Mission function (where she worked). Photo appears to be cut off at the end. In photo mother is giving the mission head a large basket of flowers. I say to H. "look at Eu." In picture see W. catch e. by arm and draw him up. Then Eu. And two little children come running down in horse reins decorated with flowers. I conclude I must be looking at a movie. Yet it still seems to be held in the hand. Scene shifts to long banqueting table. About to eat but have no chair. A number of people begin to hand in chairs. Some mix-up with person next to me about salad but I finally get mine. Then, 4 of us at window to watch boxing. Two people are strangers but the other one with me is someone I know, B.B.? We have folding chairs. First set them at some distance, later close to window. Other two at end of long couch. First act, a very handsome dark-haired boy is to wrestle with another. The two clinch and hit. At last get hold of each other and turn somersaults quickly, in such a way that first one then the other is on back. At last dark-haired boy is down and other in a green stripped suit up. Then the first rising and we see him crying. I think it must be over his defeat. Next act is on a very high scaffold. The boxers are so distant that we can't see well. Friend says to me she wonders why boxing is always on such poor stages. We walk over to field to see better. Quite a crowd. I say "What a lot we're seeing it for 50 cents." "No, that is the price of the coming play, Snow white and the seven dwarfs." We find seats at the end of plank benches near a roped off ring, seats are full. Then some people come on with large cloths, stiff as cardboard, 4 ft. by 6, number of sheets in each hand. Cloths painted in old Egyptian style. While man sing something from bible that I wonder if it isn't sacrilegious about somebody, tearing them in two. Then we can't see well. Things in between my friend and another person go to place to see better. The other one of our party urges me to go too, but I think I can see well enough. Then we start across field. All of a sudden the field is divided into rooms by green curtains. Push past these and look down sort of alley, think I see part of show. Then suddenly see large stage at far end of field to the right. I know it is the stage but it too is curtained with green Pullman sleeper curtains.