I'm in a room in an old building, maybe a school, but it's a small place and not in a place with lots of people - in fact, this room is being used for some temporary project and if it is a school, that's not going on now. The floor is bare wood and it's darkish - all the walls and everything have been left alone a long time (but not abused). There are 4 or 5 people working on something here, maybe sorting things or packing things up. I'm lying on my bed in the corner. There's a reason why I'm not joining in but I'm not sure if it's just because there's not enough for me to do or they're almost finished or what. Someone comes to ask me that, in fact, and I feel a tiny bit guilty but I know I don't really need to be doing anything. I'm thinking of an object I haven't seen for a while, some kind of figurine or toy that I used to have around all the time and I miss it. I wonder where it is and I get up to pull the bed out from the wall to look for a box underneath. To do that I have to pull out the heater that stands next to it - old, tired, taller than usual, that gold/bronze color. I get the box and look at the things inside - there are several such articles as the one I was thinking of, that I'd had around before but put away and forgotten about. (I see them clearly and can identify them, but here where I'm writing I can't.) I'm delighted to see them again - they're old friends. I get up, put the box on the bed, and push it back. I have trouble with the heater, though - it sticks on the floor and there's a woman in the room - she's someone I work with, maybe my boss but this is all very informal - says maybe I'd better get somebody to help, that thing's pretty rickety. (The others have left by now, just we two in the room.) I say that it's just getting to move and I give it another shove. It doesn't fall over, but rather crumples from the bottom and the top comes off and another inside piece falls off. I look at it and see that it can be put back together but it'll have the dent in front where it crumpled. Poor old thing was on its last legs anyway. No great loss.