I'm in a supermarket-type department store like Target with MB - I'm putting things down her throat, as if I'm teaching her sword-swallowing. One thing is a sort-of knife but I see it has a collapsible blade that recedes when I try to get it in her mouth. I also see toothpaste and toothbrushes, including one that contains toothpaste (for travelling) - you fold up a section of a plastic tab at the bottom and it squeezes toothpaste out for you. I hold onto MB - I assume she'll struggle, but she likes it, rather. I brush away at her teeth but we have somewhere to be. And I'm arriving at a hotel with several clumsy pieces of luggage - it's convoluted and odd, and there's a lot of questionable people here. A man leads me in and tells me where I'm to go. It's up several flights - I'm not thrilled having to lug this stuff. As I go up the stairs I see various people, some of whom watch. The stairs twist and turn, but not in a regular pattern with regular landings. I get to one and put my stuff down, then go along the hall a bit to see if I can see how much farther. I'm just briefly out of sight of my luggage, but there wasn't anybody in sight when I put it down. When I turn back it's gone. I dash back and down the stairs, looking round as I go, even farther than I think anybody would've gotten. People are looking at me but not with curiosity, rather more like they know what's going on and don't think it's unusual. I'm not angry or terribly upset. And I'm at the library - I think I didn't realize that at first - I'm leaving, and I'm in the lobby. (Doesn't look like ours, exactly, but the ceilings are real high.) It's just changed, matter of fact - the remodelling has started, and everything's been moved out - what I see is a crowd of stuff at a distance that looks more like it's in boxes - no detail. Lot of indirect lighting. I'm wondering where everybody's gone and how they can check out books. While I'm there, Alma's voice is heard over the loudspeaker, announcing closing and about checking out materials now - didn't pay attention to what she said.