I was giving birth to a baby. I was on the "table" with green cloth draped over me. It was in a large room, like a gym. A nurse stood beside me. Another nurse stood behind her and a man stood behind her. The 1st nurse said to me, "Don't be a baby. Stop making a fuss." The man "wretched" for me. It was his job. Suddenly, the baby started coming. I felt and knew I was bleeding. I pushed down and "plop," the baby was born. "My 4th one," I thought, "so it was easier." I lay there exhausted. The doctor, who only stood there, didn't even catch the baby. For that matter, I didn't even see him. I just knew he had to be there. The nurse started to do the after birth things. The man pushed my table around fast, in circles. It made me dizzy and frightened. I cried out and clutched the table. They laughed. "Don't be so silly," they said. The nurse then repeated it. She rushed me on the table across the gym to the opposite wall. I got off the table. They were taunting me. I walked back across the floor, determined to make it on my own speed, but knowing I shouldn't walk because I could start bleeding. I got back on the table. The child was placed on my lap, "stomach." I looked at her. She appeared about 6 months to a year, sitting up. She had large feet, white paten leather shoes, a wide smile, teeth, and was in a dress. I thought to myself, "I know I agreed to carry my Uncle Philip's (Dale really) child, but they at least could have given me a new born." I felt used. My parents came in. They had made the preparations for all this last night. They were apologetic for not telling me the whole. My mother confessed that she didn't even tell her sister, Aunt Charlotte about the child, and Uncle Philip in a letter even though Aunt Charlotte was asking her to intervene on her behalf with Uncle. I looked at the child and noted family resemblances to Lisa (a cousin), and "Jolene," (another cousin). I felt cheated because nothing of me was in the child, like it would be if it were my child.