I am in a large, rambling, many-roomed building or house. Maria approaches me. She's very excited. She tells me that Mary is back and we are going to see her. Robert and Adam are also with Maria, but I can't see them clearly. Adam appears to be about 6 or 7 years old, when I see him more clearly, later in the dream. Immediately after Maria tells me that we are going to meet Mary, I start a frantic search of the building. I race from room to room. I am looking for something, but don't know what it is I seek. Many questions are running through my mind. "If Mary is dead, how can she come back?" "If she isn't dead, where has she been?" "How do I explain to Mary my marriage to Bonnie?" But no matter what questions come to my mind, I am excited and looking forward joyfully to seeing Mary. Suddenly we are all sitting around the dining room table, including Mary. This is where I have a good chance to see her at close range. She looks terrific. She is just a wee bit pale, but otherwise she is as she had been in 1959, before the second recurrence of the illness. Mary tells us that she had been through numerous operations in order to be restored to good health. All that surgery had been pretty rough on her, but, thank goodness, it's all over except for one more operation. She describes the nature and purpose of the pending operation. The name of the operation is a long one. Either I forget the name, or can't pronounce it. Mary assures us this is a minor operation compared to all the others she's had. And when it'll be done, she'll be OK again. We then realize that we shouldn't be sitting around the table. We're supposed to be in my car. The plan is for us to go somewhere, but I don't' remember where we're to go. I tell the family that I don't have my car because it's in the service station being repaired. It is at this point that I realize that my earlier searching through the house was because I was looking for my car keys. The dream ends when I discover that my car is not available.