Mary and I are dining in a hotel restaurant. I do not see Mary throughout this dream, but I do know that I am with Mary when we came to dine in this restaurant. The dream begins just after Mary has excused herself to go to the washroom. After a long wait for her return, I am worried. I call the Manager of the hotel and ask him to help me find Mary. We are in a nonsmoking section of the restaurant. Some men take a table close to ours and all of them light up cigars or cigarettes and the smell is terrible. The Manager, who is very kind, goes over to those men and gives them a severe tongue lashing. I am very embarrassed. Then he seats us at another table. I have the impression that Maria and Adam are also in the hotel, but I'm not worried about them. I suggest to the Manager that he send a female staff person into the ladies' washroom to search for Mary. He thinks that's an excellent idea, and also suggests that we look elsewhere for her by ourselves. The manager then leads me on a long search for Mary. We go through a tunnel under the hotel and out into the street. He leads me to an address where he was sure we will find Mary. But when we get to this address, I discover that it is a small ladies' wear store. It is managed by 2 or 3 older women. They know nothing of Mary's whereabouts and are quite cool and indifferent to our inquiries. They just want us to leave them alone and go away. So we start to search again for Mary. The dream ends here. During our walk through the tunnel, somehow I received a phone call, or communication, from a woman (who is not Mary). She may be the woman sent by the manager to look for Mary in the ladies' washroom. Perhaps she is reporting to me on what she found. This woman is laughing and joking and I am amused. But I have the impression that I don't know what she's talking about because I can't hear her voice clearly. Also water is dripping on us in this part of the tunnel which is very narrow. It is barely wide enough through which to move.