Mary and I are having an argument and two children are witnessing it. These children are ours, but neither is Maria, Robert or Adam. In the dream I recognize them as ours. The argument is about Mary's decision to leave me. She tells me she is going to leave me because I don't love her. Her proof of this is that I don't have sex with her often enough. I am flabbergasted. I believe that our lack of frequent sex is her fault. While I have a great deal I want to say to her about this, I just can't get anything out of my mouth. I want to ask her why she always falls asleep ion the sofa, night after night. This prevents me from having sex if she's not beside me in bed. I also wanted to remind her of how very emphatic she was about not wanting sex when we had vacationed in the Bahamas. I'll never forget her comment: "Ed, I didn't come on holiday to have sex." I also wanted to remind her that she is ill and having sex is next to impossible. But somehow I am not able to say any of these things. I seem to be babbling. All I can do is plead with her to stay with me. I insist that I do love her. But Mary is firm in her statement that she plans to leave me. At one point in our heated discussion, one or both of us, are momentarily concerned that the children are witnessing our argument. But we quickly decide that they are going to know about our problems eventually, so they might as well learn at first hand what it's all about. Then Mary left the room. Either she says, or I know, I must look after the children and read them a story. I'm not sure of the sex of the children. I think the oldest child is a boy of 4 or 5 years, and the youngest, a girl of 2 or 3 years. I read the children a story, but can't concentrate. I have so many things on my mind. These are my problems with Mary, and my problems at work. My job suddenly demanded of me increased responsibilities -- so much so that now I must bring work home. These new responsibilities may mean more money and success at work, but I am not sure. I feel overwhelmed with my domestic and job problems. I also feel sorry for the children, but don't know how to handle them. They are so pathetic and sad.