There are two scenes in this dream. In the first scene, Mary and I and two other people are sitting at a picnic table, just to the south side of the Sunnyside Boardwalk. We can see the lake in the near distance on our left side. It is dusk. Mary is happy and talking animatedly. I cannot see her face, only the back of her. Although in the dream I am sitting to the immediate left of Mary, "I" am also behind Mary, and myself, and those other 2 people, viewing everything from that angle. Mary is full of fun, laughing and joking. Two sailors are walking along the Boardwalk, coming toward us. Suddenly, Mary laughs, pulls off her jersey and bra, and "flashes" her bare breasts at the sailors. I quickly drape Mary to hide her breasts. The sailors don't appear to have noticed Mary's action, and continue their walk along the Boardwalk, still moving toward us. For some reason I'm afraid that the sailors may attack us. So with one arm around Mary and with the other arm free, I look about for a weapon or some means of protection of defense. I see on the picnic table objects that look like large platters made of a strong, shell-like material. I take hold of one of them with my free hand, intending to use it aggressively should the sailors attack us. They don't. They continue their walk and pass us by. In the second scene Mary and I are walking along what appears to be a country lane, or a poorly maintained, narrow street in the poorer part of a town. Mary is on my right side, and we are holding hands. As in scene 1, "I" am behind Mary and myself, watching the couple stroll down that lane/ street. They are sad and are crying. I am reminiscing on my life. I say that I'm only 22 years old and have already had a very hard life. Then I realize that Mary has had a much harder life than I. I turn to her and ask her to talk about her hardships. I am not sure whether I'm 22 or 71 years of age, but I make calculations in my mind and somehow arrive at the number "22." I remember saying something like, "Life is a long, or a short, ride with very few stops for fun and pleasure. Such stops are very short, very few, and far between. And mostly the ride is shit.