The TV star Jerry Seinfeld insists that I take him to a place that had formerly been a famous Vaudeville theater. I didn't want to, but he persuaded me to do so. Somehow Mary gets into this situation, because she wants to come along. The reason Jerry wants me to take him is because I have a car and he doesn't. I drive to an ugly, barn-like structure. As soon as we enter this building, Mary and Jerry disappear. They go through a doorway directly opposite the door we use to enter the building. I follow them through the same door, but can't find them. There are no other people inside this building. I want to find someone who might help me find Mary and Jerry, but there is no one to be found. Since I can't find anyone to help me, I decide to go outside and wait for them. I am bored because I have nothing to do, and angry at Mary and Jerry for deserting me. When I get outside, I notice an empty lot next to the Vaudeville building from which I had just emerged. There is a huge pile of sand on this vacant lot. I decide to investigate, go over to the lot, and walk onto the sand pile. When I do so, the sand caves in under me, and I begin to sink. I'm terrified. I call aloud for help. I see many, many people in front of the Vaudeville theater. None are looking in my direction, except one man. He is looking directly at me. I call out to him, telling him I'm in serious trouble. I desperately plead with him to pull me out of the sand. I see myself sinking deeper into this quagmire. But that man just looks at me, does not acknowledge my plea for help. He doesn't answer me. He does nothing. The scene changes. I am at home with Mary and we are in the kitchen. I debate with myself whether or not to talk to her about what had happened earlier -- about my anger at her and Jerry for deserting me -- about my fall into the sand. I think I hesitated to talk to Mary about these things because I know she isn't well. But finally I decide to discuss this with her. I tell her how angry I was when she and Jerry left me alone, how fearful I was when I'd fallen into the quicksand and no one would help me. I don't remember if Mary answered me. I think she looks at me in surprise.