I was sitting over on the front porch of the B. family and all seven children were there too, laughing and joking. The parents and grandparents were there, and me too. Of course, in real life we couldn't all be sitting on the porch, but in my dream they were. Suddenly I wasn't on the porch any more, but was talking to Mary B. over the phone. While I was talking to her, her little 4-year-old brother got on the line and said they had ice cream at his house and he'd like me to come over to his house and have some. (This is very common, not at all uncommon.) So I went over there. Next thing I knew Mary asked me to stay all night (which is another common occurrence). All of a sudden the third floor of her house was a huge, big attic, no partitions -- a huge ballroom attic. I didn't see it myself, but I knew it was up there. (Evidently I had seen one before in my history.) Up in this attic was living a professor from Case, a very fanatic type. I had never met him. He was living up in this attic with three daughters and his wife. One of his daughters was named Lucinda and the B's were terrified of him, but yet he lived up there. It seemed that I stayed over at B's for quite a few nights. Every morning this professor would tramp his kids down the stairs to the second floor and send them to three pianos which were lined up along the walls. Each morning he would run these children down there, and say they had to practice all day long and they would very obediently do it. For quite a few days Mary and I didn't pay any attention to him, but one morning he cornered us and said he was going to beat us up because of our morals. Mary and I ran screaming down the stairs to the first floor and hid behind the stairs. He came running after us and for about four days. He was searching for us all over town and all this time we stayed crouched behind the stairs -- didn't go out to eat or go to the bathroom or anything. Finally one day he saw a coat moving behind the stairs so he grabbed Mary by the ankle, pulled her out and took her upstairs with him. I wasn't going to let Mary suffer alone, so I came out and went upstairs after him because if she was going to suffer, I was going to suffer too. I went running all over the upstairs, opening the doors and yelling, "Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary!" Then suddenly from downstairs Mary called up to me and said, "What's the matter, Sally? Wake up, you must have been dreaming," and in my dream I had been dreaming.