I was in bed. My heart started pounding and then beating irregularly. My spirit came out of my body. I saw my bedroom (arched doorway). I flew out through the window and sort of hung around wondering what I was supposed to do next (Dying was like I was the camera and as I ascended, the room got smaller and more distant). I decided to visit some people. I went to Blake's office. He couldn't see me. I sat cross legged on the desk top facing him, close, eye to eye. He looked suddenly sad. He went to the door, closed it, came back and sat down. I "enveloped him" with my spirit. He felt very sad. Then I ascended and went to Nate at his shop. The same thing. Then I was in a cloudy sky going up. I felt a little apprehensive because I would soon be high enough to run out of oxygen. Then I remembered that I didn't need air. I looked up. I broke through the clouds and felt happy because I was going to live among the stars. They were beautiful, diamond points, in a black velvet sky. I came to an immense hall (floor only, no roofs or walls). This was heaven. There were 2 large buildings at each end of the halls. Libraries were there so we could pursue learning, seeing as how we'd be there for an eternity. I met a girl (possibly Laurie). I asked her what we were supposed to do. She just shrugged and pointed to a door. We could pick rooms to live in. We were placed in general areas so that as other people we knew on Earth died, they'd come to the same area so we could be together. I asked, "What about people who remarried?" She answered it was no problem, everyone got along together up here. There were viewers in the library so we could watch people on Earth. I entered a room. There were several shower rooms. My 3 girls were there. If you got in a shower, you were transported back to Earth to live out another's life. I started to enter a shower room. My 2 eldest girls, Dovre and Ellie, had gone in. Then my youngest, Paulina, suddenly changed her mind and veered into another shower room. I hesitated and then followed her because I was worried she'd get into a tough area. I was transported to the body of a young, pretty blonde woman in the process of drowning in a raging white water river. I felt a little aggravated because I'd have to die twice. Then "we" made it to shore. I was separated from my daughter. I met people who knew the girl and I tried to understand my new surroundings. There was a man, slightly evil,  a harem keeper type. I woke up.