I was visiting Matthew's school and as I was walking around the premises there I ran into Bill F. I was very surprised. Quite shocked, honestly. He had never been there before. I didn't know that he was coming up here to visit. I didn't know that he even knew where the school was so I was very surprised to find him there. We were sitting at the school watching traffic go by. We could see a playground from where we were sitting. As we were sitting there, I realized that we were moving. We were both sitting but somehow we were moving. We finally got up and walked back to where we were and walked back then to my car. We were talking about he was there. He expressed a lot of frustration with Daddy. He made some comments about the possibility of moving out. With some hesitation, I suggested to him that Brian F leave Chantelle F and that he and Brian F move to Indy, buy a house, and live together. Then I suggested, hesitantly, that maybe he should spend two weeks with me as kind of a trial period. It would help me out. He could pay me some rent. He could be there for Matthew when I'm not. It would be a good situation for me too. We should do it on a trial basis. While we're talking, we're driving back to the apartment. When we get to the apartment, I go in and realize that I had been robbed. It's somewhat odd, the things that they took. The living room was completely cleaned out. There was nothing left in there. I went in the kitchen and the refrigerator was gone. I remember thinking that I would have to replace the refrigerator as well as all my food. The dryer was gone but not the washer. My apartment had a window air conditioner and they had taken that out of the window and set it on the floor. I went into my bedroom and the only thing that was gone out of my bedroom was my bed. When I came back into the living room, Bill F and Matthew were standing there waiting for me. Bill F commented that something just didn't feel right. At that point, I realized that I didn't check the bathroom. I went to check the bathroom and the door was closed. I opened it without thinking first. There was somebody in my shower. I quickly closed the door and we ran out of the apartment and ran next door to a neighbor called Pop. Pat C and some friends were in her apartment doing laundry and I asked if I could use her phone to call the police. She, of course, let me. I called the police. I don't remember the conversation. After I hung up I went back into the apartment because I thought he would be gone by now. Just as I opened the apartment door, Bill F and Matthew were behind me; this huge man was standing there. I yanked the apartment door closed and as I held it closed, I waved Bill F and Matthew back into the neighbor's apartment. I let go, ran into the neighbor's apartment, and locked the door. This burglar came out of my apartment. He was slamming against the neighbor's door trying to get it open. He finally did get it open. He said he was just looking for a place to take a shower. He didn't say anything about all the things that were gone or missing. He asked if I would rather if he came in there and finished his shower. I said no, no. I pushed him out. I watched and he had trouble getting out of the actual building. He went ahead and left. I started to think that insurance would take care of everything, but then I realized I had no property insurance. How could I get my property insurance reinstated if I file a report, or how could I get my insurance back and then make the claim and still have everything covered by insurance. I started thinking about the morality of that and thought that wasn't right for me to do that. I'll just have to suffer the lost. I also started wondering if friends or family would take up money to help me. How would I replace my lost things? I could get the new bedroom suite that I had been wanting for a long time. Just different odd things like that. The other thing that I remember about the dream that I find very odd, both that it was in the dream and that I remember it was that when I was in the neighbor's apartment there was a cat in there, standing on it's hind legs, urinating into a bowl. I remember the neighbor moving the bowl a little so the cat didn't urinate on the carpet.