I came to the store and Nicki T was working. She said nothing to me but was working on wearing a cordless phone, which was made to fit into a carry bag of sorts that was to be worn over the shoulder. The base with the numbers was carried in the back part and the speaker/receiver in the front. She was working closely with a sales associate named Nicki T. I reminded her that the phone is only for the store manager and store business. She just shrugged her shoulders. I took her into the back room of the store to talk with her about the apology and other related things. This wasn't our real backroom. It looked like the backroom of the drug stores where I used to work. We were sitting across from each other at a 6ft. table. As we were talking someone just appeared sitting in a chair next to me. I did not recognize her. She told me she was an angel. She was a large woman with very long, permed, light brown hair, which she wore parted in the middle and hanging straight down. I asked Nicki T if she saw her and Nicki T said yes. I asked why she was here and she said to help me. One of the first issues I began talking to Nicki T about was doing markdowns the correct way. I told her she had to do the items in the backroom as well. She wanted to know why and explained to her that was the only way for those things to be correctly priced when they went to the sales floor. As I was explaining this, I saw the section of the backroom where all baby products were stored. I remember seeing baby powder and Vaseline in particular but there was a long row of such products. We then went on to the way she is managing the sales associate Nicki T and the example she sets. She had been trying to keep Nicki T away from me. I reminded her that she is not the store manager, she cannot keep employees from me, and she must set a good example for the staff. She gave me the look she always does when she gets an attitude and said something but I don't know what. I asked the angel how I was doing and she said fine, patted me on the arm, and smiled reassuringly. Four new people appeared. A man, women, a girl, and a boy. I did not know them and asked them who they were. They, too, said they were angels there to offer me their support. They patted me on the shoulder and then said hello to the other angel touching her on the shoulder. They remained standing directly behind me and the other angel. I asked Nicki T if she saw them and she said yes. Someone else walked by and I asked them the same thing and they said yes. I wanted to reassure myself that I wasn't just seeing them because I wanted to. I ended my conversation with Nicki T by saying I wasn't going to put up with anymore. I told her that even though it might make my life much more difficult at least temporarily that the next time she screwed around with policy I would terminate her. She acted as though she didn't believe me and I told her she better, because I would. She left the room. I turned to the first angel, the others were now gone though I don't remember them leaving. I asked the angel how she thought I did and she said I did the right thing and I had done fine. I asked her how God thought I did. She said I didn't need him to tell me that. I said but I want to know that he thinks I did the right thing. She said she would ask him, she closed her eyes, within seconds she had a smile on her face. Then she chuckled a little. When she opened her eyes, she said he wants me to ask when I need help but other than that, I don't need his constant reassurance on matters like this. After this was over, I called my friend Jennifer K to tell her about my angel experience. I was so excited that I had an angel encounter. We talked about it a bit but I don't remember any of it. The next thing I knew I was in a large office, supposedly of the company where I work but the surroundings were not familiar to me. A lawyer approached me and said he was representing the sales associate Nicki T. I told him he would have to wait for a few minutes before I spoke to him. I knew I needed to try to get in touch with a company representative before talking to an attorney. I remember asking some of the office workers why Nicki T would need or want an attorney and what were going on because I didn't feel that I knew what was going on. None of them knew what had happened that she would have an attorney either. We were trying unsuccessfully to find a corporate person to give me approval to talk with the attorney or to provide our own attorney. Nicki T's attorney asked me why I felt I needed an attorney present to talk with him. I replied that it was not wise for me to speak with an attorney regarding company business without consulting our own company attorney first. As I was looking for our company attorney or human resource person or someone I said perhaps I should go to the sister company office next door and see if someone there could help. The office staff at my office did not know whom I would talk to there so they were trying to find out. While I was waiting, I went into one of the back offices. There were quite a few other people in this room. I was told that everyone in there was being punished by being put on a game show. One of the people in the room was actor/director Ron Howard. He had put on several different costumes and was required to do comedy routines in each one. He was with two other people in each of these routines. The final routine each of the two people he was with was required to light a huge firecracker of sorts. One person lit his on the top and it sparked a bit and then fizzled. The other lit his from the bottom and it shot off into the air. Someone said that is what you were supposed to do with them, so the first guy lit his at the bottom and it took off into the air. Both firecrackers were flying around the office in and out of hallways and doors. I crouched to the floor to avoid being hit. Someone said that was the whole purpose of lighting them, to avoid being hit by them.