I was with someone in a store kind of like a Kmart. I don't know who I was with but they were shopping in a different part of the store. I was looking for plastic storage containers. I wanted to see how much they were or if they were on sale. When I got to the aisle where the storage containers were they were many sale signs hanging by them on the back wall of the shelving unit. I remember seeing one that made me think they were on sale for $5 and some cents. The signs were hanging next to the containers rather than in front of or over or under the containers, as would normally be the case in a store. There were actually no products for sale under or over the signs. I remember thinking this is a great price. The containers were clear, frosted kind of look, with blue lids. They were rather large, like 5 gallon size perhaps but rectangular. I decided to look more closely at the signs and realized that all of the sale signs were for personal care products that weren't even in that aisle. They were hanging in layers on top of each other but maybe four or five across also. I thought to myself, ah, the employee who was supposed to hang these probably didn't want to do it so hung them all here just to say the job was done. I went to find a manager to tell them about it. I found a young man, though I don't know if he was a manager or not, and told him about the signs. I walked back to the location with him. When we got there, an employee had just finished filling that spot with Tampons. I get a sense that he put the tampons there but I'm not sure. The tampons were piled so high that they hid the sale signs completely. The man I brought back to show them to somehow looked behind the tampons and saw the signs. As I walked away, he was using a hammer to loosen the shelf above the tampons/containers/signs. I thought that he was doing that so he could get to the signs to remove them. The next thing I remember is that I was still in the same store but I was looking at clothing. As I was looking, I encountered a woman acquaintance. I say acquaintance because I don't know who she was. I get the sense that she was someone that I was not particularly fond of. I chatted with her a bit; she was just standing around waiting for someone she was with who was shopping. I selected a few items and went to the dressing room to try them on. As I returned from the dressing room, I went by the men's dressing rooms. They were all full. While I could not see any of the men in the room, I got the sense that one man was completely naked and I could see pubic hair, nothing else. I felt embarrassed and tried to hurry by. Some men looked at me as though they thought I worked here. I remember thinking to myself that I have spent too much time working in retail, because my past work in retail affects my shopping experiences, related to things like the sale signs. Now these men think I work here. They were trying on sports coats. I commented to both of them that they looked great. They were both black men. The one seemed very happy that I told him he looked great. He said something to the other man as I walked away. I don't know what he said. I went back to where I got the clothes I had just tried on. The woman acquaintance was still there. She was kind of leaning on a circular rack full of clothing. I approached her again; I think to put the clothes back that I had just tried on. She was standing so close to the rack that she was somewhat in between the clothes on the rack. I started talking with her again. It seems that we were talking about a mutual acquaintance. I don't really remember, except that she made some comment about alcoholism and I asked her if she was an alcoholic. She said yes. I am now walking around the store pushing a shopping cart and at the same time trying to carry a large metal ladder. I can't remember why I had the ladder. It also seems to me that there was nothing in the shopping cart. I have been called to the manager's office. When I walk in there are two male management members and one female. I remember nothing about the female. The one male did all of the talking and the other male, who seemed to be his superior kept fidgeting in his chair and turning his back to me through the whole conversation. The male who did all of the talking was the actor who used to play Judge Harry Stone on night court. He began by saying they wanted to discuss a few things with me. They handed me a list and began to go over the list. The list was typed on rather dark, brown, very heavy stock paper. I wondered to myself why they had chosen this because you could hardly read what was typed on it. The first things they discussed were very general and did not appear odd to me. I was cordial and making light, comments to evoke smiles or chuckles as the conversation began. They said they had been watching me on camera that afternoon. I think that it was at this point that I determined that they were terminating my employment. I looked at Harry and said, you are accusing me of stealing aren't you. He said, you bet we are! I realized we all had the brown pages and they were in a binder with a rather large number of other pages though the others were all white. I told him I wanted him to put that in writing, on one of the white pages. He said gladly. He and I started flipping through the white pages. It was as though he wanted to pick a certain page to write it on. I didn't care; I just wanted it in writing. I was so very angry. I had stood up at this point and was talking very loudly and angrily at him while pointing to the book and asking him to put that in writing.