I was Robin Williams. All three of the children from the movie were there and they were my children. We were riding in an airplane. I don't know why. We were in something like a cargo compartment where we couldn't see the pilot. The pilot may have been flying us down, but I'm not sure. We were all holding on trying to help. It was as if the plane wasn't going to make it all the way over. So we tilted to one side to help the plane go over. As it started to go over, we ran to the other side to help it balance. I don't know what happened. The older daughter and I were outside the airplane. There like bars on the outside that we were hanging onto. I remember having a real close look at the feet of the older daughter. She spent her time putting her feet in a place where she would be able to keep holding on. I realize I am somewhere else, and all three of the children have died in that flight. Somehow, I survived. It was just killing me. I was just dying inside. There was this conveyor belt. All of the children's clothes are coming down a conveyor belt all clean and pressed. clothes that they had on in their accident. It's just killing me that they all died. I just thought I was going to die. I thought I was going to die from the pain. It hurt so badly. The next thing I know I'm in my house and I'm myself again. A friend of mine from high school, Freda L, showed up. She came in my house. She was holding something like a postcard like the ones sent out for Tupperware parties and such. I guess I was having some kind of party like that or selling something like that. It wasn't Tupperware but I don't know exactly what it was. Freda L had come over to give me her order. There is a bunch of people around but I don't know why and I don't know any of them. I don't know if they were all women or if they were both men and women. We went outside and there were people outside too. Some of them were in water. It seemed to be more like a pond than a swimming pool. At that point, it seems that the people were both men and women. Freda L was in the pond now. I asked her if I told her about Darren. She said, no. I told her that he died last week. She went under water and didn't come back up. She was okay. She was under water because she was crying and didn't want anyone to see her. Then, another high school friend, Dorothea D, was there. She wanted to know what was wrong with Freda L. Someone said to her that Anna told her that Darren died last week. Dorothea D said, do you mean the Darren that used to be on Bewitched? I said no, my Darren. Many people were very sad, and so shocked by the news. All I could think about was how terrible I felt about my children dying. I was in so much pain over losing my children. I was having a conversation with God. He assured me that they spent a few seconds being very, very scared but that he went to them and he talked to them, answered their questions, and gave them comfort. They died on impact so they didn't feel any pain. Because he went to them and answered their questions, they weren't scared anymore. While we were having this conversation, I was starting to wash down the inside walls of this baggage compartment or whatever it was that we were in. I was trying to make it all smooth. It was black. There was all this water in it. I think the plane crashed into the water and they died. I don't know why I didn't or how I got out of it. I had like a rag or sponge and dipping into the water and then without wringing it out I would take it to the top of this wall and wash this wall down where it would be smooth and black with no marks on it. I wasn't successful. I just kept doing it. There kept being streaks.