Matthew was spending the night with Michael A and Theresa Ah. I don't know why he was spending the night with them. She asked me to watch their baby. They had a baby about 4-5 years ago, shortly before we saw them the last time. I told them I would watch the baby for them. I put her in the front seat of the car with me. I didn't have a child car seat. I just sat her up in the seat. I think she was maybe less than but close to a year old. I buckled her in under the seat belt. Theresa Ah seemed to think that was fine. She didn't say anything about it anyway. Now I am walking somewhere, to my destination, but I don't know where that was. I still have the baby, but I have her in something like a lunch bag. I don't think I am carrying anything else. For some reason I am coming down a back road. As I am coming down this back road there is a car headed right straight at me. It's driving on the wrong side of the road. They don't have their headlights on. Eventually I can get over and it misses me. I see that it is a very beat up police car. I keep going and the same thing happens again. Only this time the lights are on, on the other car. It's another police car, but this time it isn't banged up. The next thing I know I'm still headed for my destination but now I'm walking. As I turn this bend, 5-6 men in black jump out. They are in kind of a six-sided formation; I don't know exactly how to explain it. They are all in black and they all have guns. They take a pose, kind of like something you would see in a movie. It scared me. I turned around and tried to walk as fast as I could the other way. I didn't want to run because I didn't want to scare the baby. I didn't want to hurt the baby. The men quickly overtake me. There are police officers who tell me that there are terrorists, out there that they are trying to capture. They escort me to a main section where I can walk. They tell me that I should be fine as long as I stay in this main area. It's a very public area, kind of like walking along an outdoor mall. As I'm walking I keep coming to these cement ponds. They have small cement strips that you can walk on very carefully to get around the water parts without going out to a main street or anything. I'm walking along these strips, I see some bushes or something like that, and I meet two young girls coming the other way. I very carefully manage to pass them. I keep going and then I meet these girls again. This is odd because I thought they were going the other way before. I manage to catch just a part of their conversation. One of them is trying to decide whether to go to college or whether to work. I see as I go by one of them that there is a very small evergreen tree in a big cement flowerpot. I see falling through that, by these girls, something that looks like a tampon. I keep walking and I come to a place where there are these rooms. There is this couch, some furniture sitting outside one of the rooms. This couch is turned with its back towards me. There is a man sitting in the couch. It is James C. I know Brandy C is inside. I don't know why I know it but I do. There is a chair facing the couch, on the outside also, and Matthew is sitting in there. I don't know why he is with them or how he got there. I said something to James C about gunmen. I said that no, they said we would be safe as long as we stayed on these main streets. Matthew didn't say anything. He was sitting there with one leg over the arm of the chair and reading a magazine. I don't know where I am or who I'm talking to. I'm telling some people about the gunmen. I was reassuring them. They were concerned about the safety of the baby. I opened the lunchbox to the show them and myself that she is okay. I told them what the police said and that they assured us that we should be fine as long as we stayed on these main streets. I continue trying to reassure them that we are safe where we are but they don't want to believe me. They want to take off running because this helicopter is hovering overhead. They are telling us that as long as we stay in the general area where we are we will be fine. These people were panicking. They were running all over the place trying to get out. Now, I'm in this room. It almost seems like an overhead, some kind of a room where you can look out and down out these glass windows. I'm feeling calm and safe because the police told me that if we stayed there we would be safe. However, there are all these other people inside and out, running all over in a panic. There are many people milling around. Everyone is calm down. The baby is fine. I'm not worried about her. All of a sudden, I see something like a baseball record, or being safe, like 5 out of 6 times. For some reason the ration seems like 60 out of 1. The father of this baby comes up to me. It looks like he is discussing with the same person that I am standing with about our safety. I try to reassure him that we are perfectly safe where we are. He doesn't seem to want to go for it. He wants some kind of lessons now on protecting himself. I don't know what kind of lessons. They are trying to reassure us. They have some kind of a metal that's digging into me because of being six and one. I tell him he could use the same thing, but he is too panicked and wants to run. All the while, I know that the baby is safe. We were in front of my apartment here. I don't know if I have the baby with me or not. I'm putting something in the back seat of the car. I'm still assuring whoever is with me that we are going to be safe. I notice a water bottle in the back seat of the car. I think I want to get it out. I don't want them to have that.