I was a manager at a type of retail store like a Wal-Mart. I opened up some new packages of different kinds of chewing gums. In one box that I opened, there were six or eight different kinds. After I opened them, I realized that we really didn't need them at the register. I put them there anyway. I remember thinking how good they smelled. I realized that they were different from the ones that were sitting there; the ones that I thought I was going to be refilling or replacing. That's why I decided to just put them there anyway. The cashiers needed some help with some money. I went down. I thought I'd do my part. I'll work my Saturday. I'll work my shift. No extra. As part of the management team, I'll do my part. I'll work my Saturday. The next thing I know I am at GC. I'm sitting in a room in a circle with some other students and people who work there. I was thinking that I've graduated but I'm waiting to hear the assignments of who our student advisor is. Our student advisor is another student who is further along in his or her studies than we are. I'm sitting thinking that I would be one of those advisors, yet I'm sitting there waiting to here who mine is going to be. There are a few that people are really hoping to be assigned to. I'm confused as to whether I am one of those or if I am eager to get one of those people. I go to Terry K and explain to him that I am not going to be there as a student. What I will actually being doing during that time is working on the preparation work or whatever I need to do to present my dissertation idea and asked him if I really need to be there for that. He said he found the campus to be a wonderful, meditative getaway spot for him when he was doing that. He came there simply for that reason because it was such a great place to be to do that type of work. He found it very productive and beneficial. He was able to get a lot done there. I thought that made sense. I remember thinking right away about the money, how much money it would be. I would be paying $1500 for residency.