I was at the sleep center and had on an orange-colored wool suit. I didn't have the jacket on. I had a blouse on and the skirt. The skirt was huge. The skirt was way, way too big for me. I was running around trying to find a very big safety pin to try to pin it. I was showing everyone how big it was on me and we were getting ready for a research meeting. Now, I was looking in the cabinets and different things and I saw these front office things like labels. They were in two different cabinets instead of all being in the same place. I wondered why they were in two different cabinets instead of all being in the same place. Finally, someone handed me a large paper clip to hold my skirt. I tried it but it didn't work so I kept looking. I finally found a safety pin and I pinned it. About that time, I noticed Doctor W standing, kind of off in the distance, talking to some woman that I didn't know. I get the impression that she works there but I don't know who she is. Julie Ca was there. Anyway, Doctor W called me over and started telling me about a research study that we were going to be involved in and this woman was going to be involved in it. He told me in front of her that I really am not very knowledgeable about research and so she is going to be very involved in this study. We were in a conference room sitting at this table. All of a sudden, there were many people there. They were all strangers. There was no one else I knew. There is one lady that he had just told me was going to be heavily involved in the research study. I was sitting next to Doctor W. I was having a lot of trouble hearing the conversation. The study was going to be a drug study. Doctor W said something about me not saying anything, but he didn't say it to me. He said it to everybody else. Everybody started making fun of me. Saying things like, Oh Anna can't speak, and things like that. This initial woman that he told me was going to be very involved asked me something about the study. I said, Well, I don't know. I've never been involved in a drug study. Then Doctor W made some other comment that I thought was inappropriate. It was kind of a put down. I started to stand up to ask him to step outside the room with me because I was going to ask him not to berate me in front of other people. I half stood up, then changed my mind and said, well, for the purpose of this study, I'm just part of the research team, okay? Then I sat back down. The meeting continued. Again, I was having a very hard time hearing people. I was really straining to turn my head, really straining to hear what was being said. A couple other people came in the room to join the meeting. Someone said something about talking about something in particular and they were all joking and laughing and one lady said Oh no, no, not me.