Someone was after me, trying to kill me. I believe I was maybe at a college and I was going into a building that was maybe a women's dorm. I went inside and see maybe three or four people that they were trying to kill. First, I was outside and there were many women who were heading into the dorm. We heard shooting. Many of the women ducked to the ground on their knees and were praying. I did that too. I don't know how I made the transition to the inside. The next thing I know, it's as though I've been hung, but not killed yet. I'm suspended from the ceiling. I'm waiting for these people. I think I'm suspended with two or three other women. I can't see them but I have a sense that I was. I'm waiting for the people who want to kill me to come in. When they do, I start swinging, trying to attack them from whatever it was that was suspending me there. The next thing I know I'm no longer suspended. I'm free to roam. I still have this sense that they're trying to kill me. I'm in some lingerie or something but no bottoms on. One of the women that wants to kill me comes in the room and I ask her if she wants to fondle me, thinking that she won't want to kill me then. She says no and leaves. Then I plan how I'm going to get out of there before they come back. I don't remember actually making the plan just that I was going to plan to get out of there before they come back. I was doing some reading for a store report. I make a phone call to ask what I'm supposed to read as a resource to do this paper. I realized as soon as I asked that it was a dumb question because I knew what I was supposed to read. It was a one-page thing that I was supposed to read and then write a paper about it. I felt stupid for having asked. They said, yes, that's what I'm supposed to read to do this paper. Something to do with writing this and then using this writing to present something or teach something. I'm in a line of cars. The car in front of me doesn't have any break lights. We're on a winding hill. It's dark. I almost run into this car in front of me because they don't have any taillights. However, it was almost as though, even those these are cars in front of me, I wasn't in a car. I'm sliding out of control. I don't have the sense that I'm in a car. This seems to replay itself. I see the same thing happen again. I'm back in the dorm. Someone comes in. I say that I'm looking for someone and I say something about this writing essay. One woman chuckled and said, yeah, someone even wondered if that one page was in fact the only reading assignment to write the paper. She asked the rest, if that wasn't ridiculous. I said, well, in their defense, I wondered the same thing myself because it was such a short piece. It seemed that there was more that we needed to read to write the paper about.