Doctors were doing something to alter patients minds. Noah Wyle, an actor on ER, had found out about something that some of his coworkers were doing that was very wrong. They cornered him and took him to this upstairs location kind of like a loft. They significantly injured him physically, though I don't get the sense that they beat him. It was like they had put some kind of cuffs or something around his wrists and ankles and caused severe abrasions that were about 2 inches wide all the way around on each ankle and wrist. He was bleeding a lot. Down the middle of his chest were severe abrasions. He tried to sneak down to the locker room so he could clean himself up. He was trying to hide it so know one would find out what they had done. He was doing this to protect himself because they had done this to threaten him so he wouldn't report them for what they had done. He was putting on his scrubs and he had tied a whole lot of medications for his injuries tied to a belt. He was trying to hide them under his scrubs. A nurse coming in for her shift happened to look in and saw all the medications. He was talking to someone. That person didn't notice but this nurse did. Before that, I was talking to a supervisor. I guess I worked there. She had told me to check an ad and see if some things were still on sale. I had to stand on a wall heater or something to be able to look at an ad that was posted on the wall. I don't remember what it said but I decided from looking at it that the stuff was not on sale any longer. I never did go back and tell her that. She also wanted me to put out some new things on a shelf. She instructed me that even though the boxes were very attractive that I was to take the things out of the boxes to display them. There was a section of shelves where we displayed over-the-counter medication for employees. We kept them in the boxes. She wanted to make sure that I took these out of the boxes to display them. I went by one area that there were all kinds of hair care. It was large bottles. They were all green. Doctor B came by. I didn't say anything to him. I don't remember any conversation or anything. I just had the sense that he was there. I didn't do anything with the hair care products.