I was a medical student though not true resident. I get the sense that I was working with sleep and dreams but that I had to do some time visiting with patients. Going on rounds. I was in a patient's room. It was a double room. They were getting ready to move in a new patient. The new patient was Kay H. She walked in wearing street clothes. She seemed fine, like there was no reason for her to be there. I don't know why she was being admitted. She talked to me a bit and was cheerful. She didn't say that anything was wrong or why she was being admitted. I was on my way somewhere else, so I told her I didn't have time to chat right now. I left. The next thing I know I'm with my fellow students and we're taking a break or relaxing, walking the grounds. I realized that there was a place to play tennis. I went by myself and was looking for a tennis ball. I was going to go. I don't know how I was going to play by myself, because I didn't have a partner. I went to look for a tennis ball. I climbed over a fence or something because I saw these balls and I thought they might be tennis balls. When I got there, they were croquet balls. Then I found this other thing. It was kind of like a small wood cabinet. It had many balls in it and so I started going through there to see if there was a tennis ball in there. There were some in there, but some of them were out of air, flat, some were very small. This young man walked up to me, started talking to me, and started going through there with me. I realized that he was there with another woman. He seemed to be interested in me or maybe just wanted to play tennis with me. I guess I all of a sudden realized that I was late for my rounds or for where I was supposed to be at the hospital. I took off running. I was jumping over things. It was somewhat humorous the way I was jumping over things. I can't remember any details of what it was that I was jumping over. I just remember I was making these huge leaps over things to try to get to the hospital on time. I got to my room and I grabbed my white lab coat and put my shoes on. I had been barefoot. I put my shoes and socks on. I said oh my gosh, I still have to go find a stethoscope. I ran to the hospital and went to this one room. There were many different kinds of stethoscopes and other things hanging in rows from the ceiling. There were many different colors. I grabbed a stethoscope and something else and put the stethoscope around my neck. I had a clipboard or notebook and went to find someone. I said I know I'm very late and I'm sorry. I don't know where I'm supposed to be. I'm looking for someone who can tell me where I'm supposed to be.