I was in a small town, and walking home. I hadn't driven there to save money on gas. I don't remember getting there or why I was there. I think this town was one I passed thorough on my way home. I was trying to get to 91st and A1 Road to the west of my home. This town didn't have a 91st St. This doesn't make sense now, but as I was looking for 91st St I saw 92nd and then 101st St. That's when I realized that they didn't have a 91st St. I saw a man on a street. First, I had asked some kids for directions, but their directions didn't make sense to me. Then I asked the man. carrying a duffel bag. He started to tell me one way to get there, but stopped and gave me different directions. He said this was a strange route but the best one. I would go down these steps, the path would go to the left, then I would take the fourth right. That would take me to A1 Road I was looking for. I didn't ask him why it was odd, but repeated the directions back to him to be sure I had it correct. I started on the path, took the left bend, and was faced with a brick door. I pushed the brick door open only to be faced with a few stairs leading up to another door, but that one wouldn't open. I became a bit frightened that I would be trapped so I turned around to go back and get out. When trying to go back I was faced with several of these brick doors. Each time I became a little more panicky that it wouldn't open. I finally got to the steps. At the top of the steps, boards had been nailed sporadically across the opening. I don't remember them being there when I started. There was an opening large enough for me to get out. I ran into the kids again. They couldn't believe he told me to go through the , don't remember what they called it.] They said that if I waited they would just take me to 91st and A1. They checked with their parents and then we left. Before I met the boys or the man the first time, some of the paths I was walking were covered with snow and ice. I was moving my feet and legs as if I was ice-skating but I didn't have skates on. The path was just slick enough that I could skate with my shoes. While the boys were showing me the way, we came to an ice skating rink. The man and his wife were with us now. As we were going in we all got bagels to eat, with different things on them. They told me to just take some of it with me and leave the rest in this little cubbyhole. It was a shelf that reminds me of corporate mailboxes. They each put theirs in one of the cubbies. One boy said especially ones like his because he had icing on his. I didn't do it. I took all of mine with me. We weren't going to skate. just watch. There weren't many people in the stands. Everyone had his or her bagels and a drink sitting on the bleacher seat in front of them. I sat on a row where everyone else had their bagel and drink and I sat mine behind me on a row where others were sitting. I finally said it was time for me to start the rest of the way home. The man and woman were surprised that I would continue to walk. It was dark now and they insisted on driving me. They asked where I lived and assured me it was not an inconvenience. The boys wanted to ride along. The man and his wife said that they would need to get a paper and pen and write down their parent's phone numbers so they could call first and make sure it was okay.