I went to what seemed to be the SVSC though it didn't look like it does in waking life. I'm fairly sure that's where I was. When I arrived, Doctor Bl was in the driveway. I said hello. He smiled and was very warm and friendly as always. He seemed to be doing something that prompted me to ask him if he needed help but he said no. I went inside. I came back outside. Doctor Bl was still there. I think that maybe he was changing a tire on his car. I didn't ask if he needed help, but I looked carefully to see what/how he was doing to try to reassure myself that he didn't need help or that I shouldn't ask before going on. I did say good-bye to him. The driveway was black gravel. As went out into the road, I was traveling by foot. I stood. on purpose. on a crucifix. I was barefoot. I was using the crucifix to slide along the road. almost like a skateboard but the crucifix was smaller than my foot. In fact, I wonder how it worked because it seems that my foot would have grazed the pavement. The pavement of the road was black. maybe asphalt. Anyway, the crucifix worked well for the reason that I was using it. As I was moving along, I came to a hill. I didn't stop. I gave myself a last, hard push and started sailing down the hill. As I started down, I realized the trees almost came together as they branched over the pavement and made it very dark.I couldn't see anything except the tree branches and pitch, black darkness. I was gaining speed as I sped down the hill. There was a part of me that thought I should stop or at the very least slow myself to a very, very slow pace since I couldn't see what I was sailing into or didn't know what as at the other end of the hill. I decided to just keep going. I think I sensed that it would be okay. The road ended abruptly into a grassy pasture. The grass was a beautiful green. The pasture was perhaps 4 acres or more. There were many animals. different kinds. Immediately after I found myself kind of dumped into this grassy area, two horses charged me. They were solid black and beautiful. I didn't run or try to get away from them. I felt slightly fearful at first but then decided to just stand there. I don't remember if I did that because I didn't think they would hurt me or if I thought it would be best or if I just decided to stand still and see what happened. As the horses neared me, they ran aside rather than into me. I turned around a bit, viewing the pasture. It was very beautiful. Soon other groups of animals started charging me, but they all did the same thing as the first two horses. There were pigs and rabbits. One of the groups of rabbits that charged me there were 4-5 rabbits. Soon a large group of horses charged me. This time I was frightened and ran away from them. There were a number of buildings on the far edge of the pasture. That's where I headed when I began to run. I can't recall exactly what all the buildings were. I don't remember specifically a house, a barn, etc. I may be missing some details here. When I was around these buildings, I was with some man that I don't know. I don't recall having any interaction with him, unless it was just a few words. I'm fairly sure I didn't know him. I met a woman. She said something to me as if she knew me. I don't remember what she said. Whatever she said made me realize she was Patty U. However, this woman was tall, and Patty U is only one inch taller than I am. Anyway, I also recognized her dislike of me. I wanted to defend myself but didn't. I wondered how she knew who I was but thought that Barry C must have shown her pictures of me. I thought that was odd but also didn't like it that he had. As I was walking. alone now.I came across Barry C. He was very unpleasant towards me. I don't remember much of what he said to me. I said to him just because I want to have sex, you think I want to have children? I think I assured him that I did not. After telling him that, his attitude seemed to change, but he didn't speak again. I sensed that he wanted us to try again to be together. I walked away. I think I was headed home. This is odd because Barry C lives in CHV. As I was walking along the road, I came across another man who gave me directions and suggested I attend a single's event in town. I realized that I was in CHV and wondered if I wanted to meet someone else so far away. I think I decided to go ahead and stop by and just see what it was like.