I was at NTNS talking to Jane H and Janet S. I was speaking mostly with Jane H as usual. Jane H was pricing some things to put on the sales floor and Janet S was helping customers. I asked Jane H about her daughter's wedding. She said it is in one week. I asked how Angie Ha is doing and she said fine. I asked about her soon to be son-in-law. She told me that he is a very good guy, but some of his friends were questionable. One of them is an ex-convict. She was still sure that the son-in-law is a very good guy. She was pricing some bright yellow bath towels. I commented about them because they were so large and very thick. They were very nice. She asked if I was interested in them because she used to price things special if she knew I wanted them. I told her I needed to stick to my budget so I better not. She then asked Janet S if she was interested in them. When she held them up for Janet S to look at them they were draperies and not towels. She also told Janet S the size but I don't remember the number exactly. I think it was 13 inches or 18 inches. Janet S decided she wanted them. I decided I needed to leave. As I was on my way out the door. I told them I was on my way to a wedding. I came back in and said it was the wedding of my first of six Godchildren. They were amazed that I had six Godchildren. I noted also that it was the first of my parent's grandchildren to be married. Chuck C was standing at the register preparing to make a purchase. Just after I left the store, I realized that it wasn't the first Godchild but rather the second, thinking that Jody S was the first. I thought I should go back and correct my error but didn't. After leaving the store, I decided I wanted a straw hat for the wedding so I decided to go into this other store and look for one. I accidentally went back into NTNS but hurried back out hoping they didn't see me. When I went into the other store, she had a pile of three or four straw hats on her counter. The straw was beige and the ribbons were black. I decided to buy one even though the ribbon was the wrong color. I left the store. Outside the store, I pulled the black ribbon off and decided that I could buy some pink ribbon so it would coordinate more with my outfit. After leaving the store, I realized I didn't pay her. I ran back and apologized profusely for my oversight. She was very kind about it. I left the store again and headed for my car. The stores were downtown. I was parked under some steel bridges or some such. As I was trying to get to my car I realized a bunch of people, like a large family, were in the way. They were standing along the street and doing something to a baby. Perhaps they were just changing a diaper. The baby had no other clothes on and was very large; not just like a large baby but very large. I'm not sure how to describe it. The baby also looked like it had something all over it that gave its skin a glazed appearance. Just as I approached them, they finished what they were doing and left. I got into my car and left also. As I was driving, I was going very fast, because I realized I was running late. I ran over a curb on my left side. It was the kind that divides two-way traffic. I had to drive strangely to get back over the curb and onto the road properly. I worried that I would ruin a tire doing this but I didn't. Other cars were headed straight at me and had to drive to miss me. I think I was still on the right side of the road. I had the sense that it was the fact that I was in such a hurry that was causing the problem not that I was in a wrong lane. A van pulled cross ways in front of me and then drove up into a grassy hill to avoid being hit and then back onto the road behind me. I had the sense that they had been trying to merge with traffic and pulled out to far without there being adequate room for them to pull out properly so they had to make this maneuver to avoid being hit by me. It was their inappropriate driving that caused their situation not mine. As I continued to drive, I was thinking how much I hate driving downtown because I hate driving this route. I suddenly realized I had missed my exit. Shortly after that, the road became train tracks and I was the only one there. Instead of driving a car my vehicle was suddenly a semi-tractor with a chain of trailers. Instead of driving it, however, I was pushing it. It was full size and I was normal size yet I was pushing it as though I was a child playing with a toy truck. I was still hurrying because I knew I was especially late now that I had missed my turn and ran into this unexpected obstacle. As I continued to push the truck, it started to go underneath a train. I'm not sure how that would be possible. This lends itself to this on-going oddity of sizes. I pulled the truck back out from under the train and lifted it onto the next set of tracks. I eventually came to a tollbooth. There were several lanes and all were full so I got in line. Most of the other trucks had the drivers inside them but I was still outside and behind of mine. As it became my turn at the tollbooth, I pushed my truck through. It went rolling down the hill and into the highway. It was a regular highway again now. I was still waiting for the tollbooth agent so I could pay my toll. I was trying to keep an eye on my truck so I knew where it headed. I was wondering if I would be able to catch it. I saw it take an exit ramp. It was in the middle of quite a bit of traffic and seemed to be doing just fine without a driver. You would think a capable driver were at the wheel. While I was waiting to pay the toll, I saw another driver outside of his truck in the same situation. His truck had gone ahead without him. He was dancing around at the tollbooth trying to get the agent to hurry so he could catch his truck as well. I don't know why, but at this point I felt reassured that I would be able to catch my truck.