Me and 2 or 3 other women move into a neat apartment with a pool. It's more like a resort really - I almost think all the places have a pool but they're together sort of. One of my roommates is a shrink and one of the others is her patient - either that or she works with everybody at times. It's a glorious sunny day and we're having a good time - at our pool we have a 2nd, shallow pool - not a hot tub or spa, I don't know what it's for - but it has faucets for hot and cold. There are things in it - something edible that belongs to one of the other women. There's also soap powder in it, because it was there before we ran the water in. I'm trying to get as much of the soap out as I can. There's a guy here too - I think he's the other woman's boyfriend. Seems to be helping me. Somewhere before, there's been something about meat, and things in it - I don't know where it takes place or who's talking, but the topic of discussion is how we used to eat contaminated meat and now what we eat is very clean because of refrigeration. There were close-ups of bugs depositing little black things in pieces of beef. And the point is that if we ever have to do without our refrigerators and freezers we'll have to go back to eating meat with things in it - which may not kill us but we'll have to learn some new things and be careful about it. Meanwhile, back at the pool, I'm playing my radio and also my male cousin comes over to work with one of his patients, who lives in the complex. (A male.) They're on the opposite side of this arrangement, which is partly enclosed - sort of like a marina. He doesn't see me. My 2 roommates are doing some work on the other end of the shallow pool - I'm still doing something with a small bucket. We drain the water out and fill it up again with hot, and it makes bubbles - they have something to do with the work they're doing. I wonder if it isn't going to be too hot, but they don't get in it anyway. I do have to modify it with a bit of cold, though. They want it so the bubbles pile up very big, and literally block off (but not cover up) the girl. I don't know what that's all about. I look over atmy male cousin and he's doing something similar. I decide to go back inside. It requires some odd configuration of keys. Sandy Bourghs is there visiting, and she tells me about going out in the country to pick berries (or something), which sounds like fun. We have a pleasant conversation and [she] leaves. I love this house/apartment. It's got interesting arrangements, and dark wood and molding and a whole lot of character. I stay in here for a while with my radio and then decide I'll go back out for a swim. I don't have a bathing suit, though, so I'll have to wear my shorts and a T-shirt - I think about whether that will be allowed and decide it will. I picture me sitting with some other people in this and it's close enough. I also think I look kind of cute in it. I look around for something to put on my feet and decide I need a pair of rubber thongs - I think someone else is here and we find this very progressive, that here I am wearing shorts and a T-shirt and I would wear beach thongs too. Anyway I start out the side door and look outside, find I've forgotten my radio and go back for it. I see I've blithely left the door unlocked and feel guilty and vulnerable. I get my radio (the casing has come off the transformer that's attached to it) and go out the front door this time - as I'm locking it my male cousin and his patient and his wife come up the walk to go to the street and leave. I think how funny I can actually let my male cousin see me looking like this. I must be getting better. However, he doesn't stop and talk - I don't actually know if he even sees me - but it doesn't bother me anyway.