I was in CHV planning a regional conference. I'm not sure who everyone was that I was working with. Barry C was there but I don't know how involved he was. I started driving home and saw the Catholic Church. It's quite possible in waking life, but I was in TH and CHV. Not sure how to explain except that I was in downtown TH and their church. I was driving through downtown CHV to go meet Barry C. When I saw the church, it had many beautiful stained glass windows. I decided that I had to stop for just a minute. I saw Reagan U and she told me where to park. I was concerned because it didn't seem like an appropriate place but she assured met hat it was and why. Something like, if anyone asks, she would make a certain gesture and they would then understand. She went into the church with me. It was as though five Masses were going on. It was not beautiful inside. I was wondering why I had gone on so to Reagan U about how beautiful it was. On the outside, I had seen these beautiful stained-glass windows. I was looking around inside trying to find them. I decided I needed to go bed because Barry C would be waiting. Reagan U left with me. We were sitting on an open-air vehicle of some kind. A man came running out shouting Good News! Good news! I was saying something like that referring to God. Several other men followed him. They were carrying Mass cups of wine. They approached our vehicle. The first man was short, blonde hair. Later, I realized that is the man Reagan U is secretly in love with. One of the men was Ernest Hartman. I drank from his cup. The next thing I knew I was back in my car trying to figure out how to get to where I was meeting Barry C. I guess I was on a cell phone because he said he was going to double back to Druiz St. to turn on the street that we both needed to be on. Right after that, I crossed over Druiz St. and realized I missed it and had to go back also. Maybe some of this was before the church. I think I got lost and this is when I saw the church. After the church, and back in my car, I saw Reagan U in her car and realized she was going to lead me to where I needed to be. I think I was driving to fast because I had to go over two lanes, into a left turn lane, to keep from rear-ending her. My first thought was how I was going to get back behind her. Then I thought I should just give her an okay sign with my fingers and find it on my own. I also realized Barry C would be wondering where I was since I was taking so long. I also realized that I didn't know where we were meeting, only the street. I wondered if I should just go home even though I couldn't let him know that I was doing that.