I was at a two-story house with many people around. There was a wood deck on the second floor with wood steps leading up to it. There was a child sitting on the edge of the deck making something creepy. Maybe something to look like mice? He was throwing them into the grass below. His mom said that what he was making and doing was very good. I had a very strange looking red tooth and there was a gap all around it. She asked me if it was real. I took it out and you could see it was plastic. It's as if I was looking at my own mouth but I didn't have a mirror. I also know the tooth wasn't real but when I pulled it out and saw it was plastic I guess it confirmed to me that it wasn't real. I put it back on. I noticed something about her dress and ran my finger along part of it. I realized that parts of her were not real either. Then there was a man sitting in a red convertible with a woman. He had apparently been practicing working on ears. He had a pair of very long surgical tweezers. He reached in her ear I think, and pulled something out. Then he said, see I can do it. They were sitting in a huge room that was very bright and sterile looking. There were other cars parked in there also. The woman was in the driver seat of this car. She was there to get her ear worked on. Someone came up, opened her car door, took her whole seat out with her still sitting in it and stuck it out the inside of her car door. The door had all kinds of wires and things showing. They put her there to work on her ear. I was in a room with wood floors and walls. The wood looked like what you see in a barn or a very rustic house. A little boy set rat free in the room. In waking life, I would have been very frightened and distraught about this. Here I stood in place and first moved slightly trying to avoid the rat. I hated it, but was trying to stay in control and not let it make me panic or scream. I thought I was doing pretty well but then it started to fly in circles around me. I started to panic a little and started swinging at it with something white. Maybe a pillow.