We are out sightseeing in this little town. It is fall, I think maybe late October, like around Halloween. I am with a man named Daniel [unknown in waking life]. He is tall, thin, with blondish-brown hair. He is very kind and yet very strong personally. We have a bunch of children with us. I think we are just sightseeing and such. We see this man sitting in a chair. I think he was playing music. His pants are unzipped and his penis is showing. As I notice it, his erect penis comes completely out of his pants and is laying flat against the chair. Right after this happens something black, reminds me of a worm but it wasn't that, slides down the length of his penis and disappears. I thought it was nasty and wondered what it was. As Daniel, I, and the children are sightseeing, we are participating in lots of local activities. It is a very small town, smaller than St. Joe, where everyone knows each other, gets along well together, and does many fun things together. We join them in some kind of choral concert. We, or the children, are singing with them. I feel more as if I am observing than participating but I'm fairly sure the children were participating. It feels as though Daniel and I are taking an open carriage ride in the early evening, though it is dark. We are talking about how wonderful and beautiful it is there and how great it would be to live there. We talk especially about what it would be like in the winter, with the snow, and at Christmas. It wasn't snowing, the leaves had all turned colors, it was beautiful, and the air was crisp and cool. Yet, I had a very clear picture of the area after a large snow. I could literally see it. I saw a couple of men clearing snow from their cars. One has a shovel and seems to be trying to get snow out from under the front driver's side wheel well. Then I'm back to reality and noticing the beautiful fall colors again. I notice two little tiny people in a tree. One male and one female. They are maybe only two inches tall. I have a sense that I see them and yet at this time I also feel like I might be the female. It may be that the male lives in that tree but the female is just there, visiting. They are somewhat concerned, but not terribly, but something that is happening. The tree begins to shake. A little bit later, Daniel and I are back with the children doing something else. One of the children finds two little flat things lying on the ground. They appear to be the kind of plastic clear and color decals that I put on my windows at Christmas time. These look like the two tiny people. We realize that whatever happened to the tree did this to them, that the two little things, were actually these people and they were now gone for good. It was sad and yet okay both. There is another adult. We called him Cooter. He is in the car with Daniel and a little girl. He said something to the little girl about Uncle Cooter always being there for her. The next thing I know Daniel and I are back home, to my home, with the children. It is a very lovely middle-class home. We try to get all the children into bed. I don't know where Cooter is at this time. I am observing this and yet at the same time feel as though I am the woman. I go to the other end of the house. It seems to be a long house because there seems to be quite a distance between the children's room and my room. Daniel came into my room. I am already dressed for bed in a spaghetti strap satin full-length nightgown. I lay down on top of the blankets. Daniel lies down with me and is holding me. We are discussing him staying there with me. possibly marriage. living with us. I get the sense that the children are foster children. There are a number of boys and I think just one girl. This next part is weird but I will explain as best I can. I suddenly feel as though I am Daniel and that I am holding the woman. I am holding her in a way that my right arm is running parallel to and cupping her legs, buttocks, and back. It's kind of like I am a huge person and at the same time this entire part of her body is the same size as the length of my arm. There is also the sense that I am holding both the woman and Daniel. I think we finally decide that we will give it a go. sharing the home and love of and care for the children. I don't know if that means marriage or simply living together though. It almost seems this is another scene but there is discussion about Cooter and what will happen to him. He doesn't have a place to live. My first thought is to turn a shed in the back yard into a bedroom. I realize then that he would be coming in and out of the house using our kitchen, bathrooms, etc, and we Daniel and I wouldn't have any privacy that way. I suggest that we build him an apartment over the garage.