It was the morning of October 21, 2000. I was at this large, old house. 2-3 people showed up for the first regional conference. They had not pre-registered but rather just showed up hoping to get in. I explained to them that the event had been cancelled and I think they left but I'm not sure. The next thing I know there are 50 or more people there for the same reason. Wanting to attend but not having pre-registered. I had them all take a seat at tables. The tables were all like dining tables and set up with dinnerware for a meal. I climbed halfway up this very wide staircase to speak to the people. I said, I am vertically challenged so I'm going to stand up here to help you hear me. They all chuckled. I announced that there had been a problem with the mailing and so we had cancelled the event. Since there were so many of them there, we were going to see what we could do to accommodate them. I explained that there was no way we could get Bart H there at this late notice, but I would see if we could get Barry C on an immediate flight. I also stated that my presentation would be different since I did not have the proper AV equipment. I was thinking that I would only tell them that much although I was worrying about it because I had not finished preparing that talk. I was also trying to figure out what we were going to do about food, etc. I didn't mention anything about vendors because I knew there was nothing that could be done about that. I noted that two of the people who had signed in were people who had worked with dreams and I think I knew them. I had asked one of them if he could make a presentation to fill in the space allotted for Bart H. Somehow the other one got the message that I had asked for him. I decided that was fine. Regarding the food, at first I thought I would have to just tell them they would be on their own for lunch. A little later, I thought I about doing something simple that could be done last minute like calling Subway to deliver. That way we could still do the lunchtime dream discussion groups. I told the people who were there that I would figure out an adjusted price due to the circumstances. I thought a little more about what would be involved to get Barry C here. I thought he would surely have some money in a savings account that he could pay his expenses just until he got there and then I could reimburse him. I would have to tell him not to call Continental just to use his $100 voucher but try to find the best airfare for the time he needed. I would also tell him to just take a cab when he gets here and I would reimburse him for that as well. He might have to take a cab from his home to the CHV airport as well. I think I woke up more than once in the middle of this dream [unless I was simply lucid] thinking I can't believe that this is a dream and the event was supposed to be yesterday. But I am working through this in such detail in a dream, knowing that it didn't or wouldn't happen.