I went to a hotel somewhere to be with Daniel R. While I was there, I realized Aimee F was also there to be with Daniel R. Of course, I was upset. I was in a huge hotel room suite that had two bathrooms. I went into one bathroom and Daniel R was in there taking a bath. I went into the other bathroom and there was someone who looked exactly like him also taking a bath. I realized at that point that he had a twin. While they were in the bathtubs, they were both drinking and smoking cigars. Later I realized he was one of triplets, not twins. I knew now that Aimee F was there for Daniel R's twin. I think we were in Las Vegas. I believe we went to dinner with a group of people. Daniel R sat next to me though he hardly said anything to me the entire time. Even when he did, it was things that sounded like he was making fun of me, as he used to do in waking life. Something happened, maybe Daniel R's comment, that made me realize I did not want to be with him any more. I realized that I deserved better than this. However, I was afraid of what he might do if I tried to leave. So I was trying to figure out a way to sneak out. Aimee F had decided to stay. She thought she could get what she wanted out of the relationship with the twin without doing anything she didn't want to do. There were two other men who worked for Daniel R who were going to help me sneak out. I packed my suitcases. I went into this elevator. I don't remember exactly how this happened but the elevator turned sideways and I slid out rather than stepping out like you normally would. It wasn't dangerous or scary. I just remember thinking how odd it was. As I was leaving, there was a large crowd of people gathered for some event. I saw the top of Daniel R's head but was sure he didn't see me. I went to a car with the one man who was helping me to leave. We put all of my suitcases and things in the back seat. I remember throwing a coat back there too. That man walked away then to find the other man, who was going to drive me to the airport. When that man got there I remember checking the backseat to make sure all of my things were still back there. As we drove away, I felt confident that Daniel R would not know I was leaving and that I would get away without any problems.