I was in a very large dining facility to give a dream lecture. I was trying to figure out the best place for me to stand to speak so that everyone in the facility would be able to hear me. I saw no place for me to stand so that everyone could see me. This was the shape of the room. I stood on a chair thinking that would help. It was a metal folding chair. I told the crowd that I was trying to find a way that they would all hear me. Everyone was sitting at dining tables eating. Right after I got up on the chair, people started moving around finding different places to sit. All of the people from one of the ells came and sat on the floor in the main area. I said, Good, I didn't feel very safe on this chair in these heels. I looked down, thinking I had on high heels. I had on red shoes with a little heel, but they were not high heels. I mumble something like well they wouldn't have been so bad. There was a fourth part of the room, where the double arrows are, that seemed like it might have been a bar. There were employees of the facility in that area but I don't recall seeing anyone else. Before I started giving my talk, I asked one of the men in the room to take some occasional pictures for me, as I needed them for PR purposes. I showed him how to work my camera. He seemed perfectly okay with doing that. not put out or hassled or anything. I didn't notice him taking any pictures after that. I asked the crowd, What are dreams? A man walked by me and gave me a scientific answer. I laughed and said, You're absolutely right! Still chuckling, I said I've never gotten that answer before, but you are absolutely right! The crowd laughed too. A few other people gave me answers. I was going through explanations of why I was not addressing the scientific explanation of dreams. My explanation included the fact that I am right-brained. though I went through a little mental conversation to get to this phrase. The explanation also included the fact that when I go into scientific explanations I prefer to have my notes in front of me. This likely relates to the scientific aspects of my work and how I feel about talking about scientific and physiological explanations of things there. I then asked, What is the purpose of dreams? I got several answers but none that I was looking for. Therefore, I gave them five purposes of dreams. They included wish fulfillment and playtime. I don't remember now what the other three reasons were that I gave them. I had a heavy stack of 8 x 14 paper in my arms that had things printed on them. notes and pictures for my talk. I was trying to use them as notes but they were too heavy and awkward to hold as I was walking around the room talking so I put them down. I kept the top sheet that I was talking about at that time. It had several pictures on it. Each picture had words on it. The one picture I was currently talking about had something to do with Freud and some of the words were in Spanish and/or French. I read the words, stumbling over them a bit. The man taking pictures for me also read it aloud, much more clearly than I did. I think he said it would be much easier if you knew a foreign language. [Somehow I got this message but I'm not sure how.] I have a sense that the talk went very well. I felt on. I felt the high that I do when I have given a talk that has gone very well and been received very well. The audience seemed to be enjoying themselves. I think this area might be part of a hotel but I'm not sure. Either earlier or in a prior dream last night I was at the hotel. I only remember that I had been at that place or hotel earlier. I don't even know if I left and came back or if I was staying at the hotel for the purpose of giving this talk. I have a sense that it was two separate events and/or times.