I was driving in a seemingly unfamiliar town. I decided to drive down C Street as I thought I would find something at the end of that street that I might be interested in. As I neared the end of C Street, I decided that I should probably cross over to D Street. As I was preparing to do that, I passed Cox's. I'm not sure what it was. maybe a factory. I said to myself, Oh yes! I remember them. I think that maybe I worked in the office there for a short time. As I was driving by, I saw a man come out the door with his adult son. The son was mentally handicapped. I said to myself, I remember them, too. He always used to take his son to work and pick him up again. The only difference is that people knew about his disability and they didn't know about mine. I kept driving. As I was driving through the city streets, I realized that I had to merge into the left lane because there was a police car up ahead of me and there was a man dressed in brown lying on the street behind the police car. I was watching the traffic trying to get over and I got very, very close to the police car. I was able to stop before hitting it. The police officer looked up and gave me a dirty look. I backed up and went around. As I went around, however, I noticed that the man was no longer there. I was now walking on the sidewalk instead of driving. I noticed that this town had a section of stores that was more or less New Age. I decided to go into one of them. It was a clothing store. The name was Wicca Fashions or something with the name Wicca in it. As I was in there browsing, I came across some exercise clothing. One of the sales clerks approached me and encouraged me to try it on. From looking at it, I couldn't believe that I would like the way it looked on me. It was two piece, knit, tight fitting, and grey. I went ahead and took one off the rack and started to the dressing room. As I did so, Ruth M came in to see me or to wait for me. To go into the dressing room was a very narrow hallway and one with several twists and turns. I had to back against the wall and squeeze through around each wall. As I got in, I realized that it was also a bathroom and the stalls were very small as well. The sales clerk had come in with me. As I was putting the outfit on she was using the bathroom, she called, by phone, to the front of the store, and told someone we needed more toilet paper. I was totally shocked when I put the outfit on. It was totally sheer, like stockings. I was surprised that as far as my figure was concerned it didn't look bad but I didn't like the sheer aspect at all. I pointed out to the sales clerk how clearly my varicose veins, which I don't have, could be seen. They were quite significant and primarily on one buttock and on an outer thigh. The sales clerk, of course, thought it looked great and tried to say that the sheerness didn't matter. I told her I needed to get back out to my friend that was waiting on me.