I was walking around this one section of town. The town reminded me of my mother's hometown. I was trying to get some Avon orders to supplement my income since I don't have a regular job right now. I thought that perhaps I should get some books and start working the area for a while until I get another job. As I was walking, I was trying to identify the houses that I know had bought from me before. I walked across these two piles of firewood, stacked side-by-side, belonging to two different families. While I was doing that, some of the wood from a third pile rolled own a small embankment. I didn't go pick it up, convincing myself that it wasn't my fault. I walked by one house and there were many people inside. They might be having a party, so I started to walk on by. They had long rows of small cages with rabbits in them. I saw an opening where I thought I could walk between them but realized there was something overhead and I would have to get on my hands and knees to get through. About that time, the woman that lived there came out and wanted to know why I was there. I told her. She said the only Avon she buys is reorder stuff. I said, Okay. Thanks. Then I left. At this point, there are two other Avon reps walking with me. The woman who owns the woodpile walks up and talks about having to pick it all up. I didn't realize who she was or what she was talking about until she left and the other three of us walked past there again and I saw the little plastic fence messed up. I fixed the fence, put it back in place, but still didn't say it was my fault. On the other side of the fence was a long row of flowers. They looked like they were something special. They were tied up with string that was held up by poles to keep the string 8-12 inches above the ground. I was glad the wood hadn't hurt any of the flowers, but still didn't say anything. We continued walking. We came to a large rack with rows of pullout shelves. It had a few very small potted plants on them. The two women I was with turned some of them on their side so the Avon person responsible for them would know to throw them away. I realized that one of the two people with me was Laura Bl.