There were mice in the apartment. They were mostly visible running between the wall and the layer of paint. I watched one run across the ceiling just under the paint, another down the wall, the same way. However when that one came to the floor it ran out and across the floor. Matthew sat something on it and smashed it. I was upset that it was there but also that Matthew had killed it. When he looked, though, it wasn't dead. He went ahead and killed it because it was so injured. I called the apartment office and told them about the problem. I asked if they would call an exterminator. I told them that I had already paid for an exterminator once. I also told them I went through two cans of bug spray trying to get rid of all the ants here. I don't remember if they answered me. I also called someone to get a quote on replacing my carpet and linoleum. I had gotten a quote from this man before, but I didn't tell him that until he got here. Then I tried to make some excuse for not telling him before. We talked about the kitchen first. The floor was divided into three sections. Each section was a different kind of flooring. He brought a woman with him. He said they couldn't do anything to the wood. I said that was fine. I wanted to keep it anyway. They asked about the parquet and I said I wanted it changed. They tore up one corner of the linoleum. They finished the quote. It was about $2300. I knew I couldn't afford that so I was wondering if I could afford part of it and if so which parts to do. I noticed the floor they had torn up in the kitchen. The gold sculpture carpet in the living room and the green carpet in the hallway. I then remembered that the apartment manager would be replacing it in less than a year. I wondered if I should just wait. But I wanted it to look good for the dream groups I will be starting in January. There was also something about me being at the office talking to Laura Bu. There was row/wall of windows that were different shapes and sizes. When I looked a second time, some of the windows were screens. I was talking to Laura Bu through one of the screens. I also remember that going into the house with the man for a carpet quote, we had to go up a set of steps. There were two separate sets. Both were very high and I directed him to enter through the ones that were less high. I couldn't just step into them. I had to climb onto them.