I was preparing to get married. I don't think I was marrying him for love as part of an undercover plan. He was an extremely wealthy man with a very large estate. He seemed apprehensive about whether the plan would work or not. His estate consisted of a number of buildings. There were quite a number of people who were unhappy about the marriage, including all of my bridesmaids. All of the bridesmaids were not even my friends but acquaintances of his or of the people planning the wedding. The bridesmaids seemed to dislike me/or at least be very upset with me that I was marrying this man. I had gotten dressed for the wedding, traditional wedding gown, and stuck my make-up bag in a pocket of my gown and went to the building where the wedding was to be held. It was not a church. I saw several of the bridesmaids standing around. There were quite a few of them. Maybe even twelve. Their dresses were very simple and elegant, satin and a kind of purple/blue color. They were all very rude to me because they did not like it that I was marrying this man. I rushed into a small room to put my make-up on. Just as I was finishing someone came in to tell me it was time and ask if I was ready. I said I was ready when they were. I left that room and found that several of my bridesmaids were out of place. One was lying down on a bed complaining of cramps another was out of place but I don't remember what her problem was. I told them we would go on without them. As I got to the room where the wedding was being held the bridesmaids had all gone down the aisle already and it was my turn. As I entered the room, I nodded to someone and an usher seated one last couple. I am assuming now that it was the groom's parents. As I was walking down the aisle, I noticed that the room was full of celebrity's. I noticed Michael Jackson wearing a black jacket with circles on it made of gold threads and Elvis Presley. As I got to the end of the aisle there was another couple standing there, waiting to be married. I didn't know before then that it was going to be a double ceremony but I just stepped to the side to stand next to them. As I did someone told me I had to move all the way down to make room for the other couples. A rock band got up right in front of me and started playing. I started to get upset because I didn't like all of these surprises, especially things that I would not have at my wedding, like bridesmaids that were not my friends, other people marrying at the same time, the rock band. My fiance and I left the room without being married. We were standing out side talking. We suddenly kissed very long and hard and realized at that time that we truly did love each other. I felt that I was the male and had initiated the kiss and was a bit taller than the woman was. We are lying under this giant hamburger. It almost seems as though we were lying in a grill but it wasn't hot or anything. We were eating the hamburger, laughing and having a good time. The hamburger had cole slaw covering the top of it. There were a couple of bites out of it. Someone came along and my fiance stood up. When he did, all I could see where his head should have been was the hamburger. I realized that the hamburger was hiding his head and that this was probably a good thing. I realized that the hamburger was hiding his head from the person he was talking to as well.