I was in a department store with Margie D. We were in the linen section. She was looking at slipcovers and commented to me that she was thinking of getting one. I told her that I had recently purchased them for both my sofa and my oversized chair. I also said that while they didn't fit exactly right because of the low arms on my sofa, I am pretty happy with them. I don't remember if I mentioned the color or not. I recall seeing the linens. They were all solid colors, deep colors like navy, forest green, burgundy, etc. While we were looking, I noticed two small girls came up to a screen door and said something to someone in the store. I noticed the man they were speaking with. After they left, I asked him if they were his daughters and he said yes. I commented that they were very cute. As he walked away, I thought he was an attractive man. Then I reminded myself that this was Ernie C I was talking about, and I did not want to get involved with him. The man didn't look like Ernie C until he began to walk away and it wasn't until then that I noted that it was he. Prior to that, I was not familiar with the man. Since Margie D was still looking, I told her I was going to another part of the store and would be back. I put a question mark after store because the environment seems to be confused between being a store and being an office. I'm not sure if it changes or if I just don't know for sure which it is. As I was walking around, I saw Tonya H but didn't get a chance to speak to her. I kept walking and saw my old office at the sleep center. I took a few steps back to look in because I noticed that they had taken a wall out and made one much larger office. When I looked into the office I noticed that they had made this space the office space and had five chairs lined up in a row along a table. This was their workspace. It was very close. They barely had room to move without touching each other. There were three of six people sitting there working. Two of them I did not know. One of them was Lilly H. I asked her how she liked her new space. I said it somewhat sarcastically because I guessed she probably didn't. I tried not to be too sarcastic though because I didn't know the other two people sitting there. She gave me a guarded answer for the same reason but I realized that my suspicion was right. she didn't like the new arrangements. I noticed a baby lying on a blanket on the floor on its back playing. Even though the baby was Caucasian I asked Lilly H if it was Tonya H's new baby. In waking life, Tonya H has only one child and he is perhaps 10-12 years old. I don't remember what Lilly H told me about the baby. I asked if Tonya H was around. She was but not somewhere that I could catch her or speak to her. As I turned around to leave I noticed Steve J. I hurried a bit to make sure I caught him. I said Hi, Steve J! With much enthusiasm. As I did this and got closer, I realized that it was not Steve J. The man asked me if he knew me. I said something trying to make it sound like he did but that I wasn't exactly sure how. I didn't want to admit that I had made a mistake. As I was talking, I leaned and looked at his nametag. It said Steve Galaad [unknown in waking life]. He was a construction worker or something because he had a hammer in his hand that he had raised in the air as we talked. I finally admitted that perhaps we didn't know each other and I must have mistaken him for someone else. I went back to find Margie D to see if she was ready to go. I found her and her two daughters sitting at a large round table eating. I asked what time I had left and they said 7:45 p.m. It was now 8:56 p.m. I said I've been gone an hour? I was surprised and very apologetic. As Margie D would have done in waking life she said it was no big deal and that, fortunately, she had remembered where to get food nearby. at a Chinese restaurant. They were all eating Chinese food. They offered me some but I declined. I apologized again. The table seemed to be in the linen department where the dream began.