I was a student at a school and I had done something I shouldn't have. or was at least involved in it with someone else. At least part of it was graffiti. I don't remember what the graffiti was. We ran away but were caught. After being caught, someone else and I had the opportunity to run again. The person who did the graffiti told us to run without him. One part of this that is confusing is that the people I was running with changed several times. I don't know who it was initially. At one point, it was The Golden Girls and later it was girls I went to high school with, and another time it was only Brenda E. At the end, it was my family, Mother, Daddy, Brian F, Bev, and Bill F F. When I was running with Brenda E, I was getting very frustrated with her because she wasn't hiding or keeping up very well. There was a third person running with us. I don't know who. They were way behind. I thought they would catch up with us. We snuck around a red brick school. I was afraid someone would see as through the windows. I told Brenda E to keep down and come around the walls. There were several red brick walls. They were a wavy shape lengthwise. Then we snuck around another red brick building. We finally dodged inside a little dry cleaner/seamstress shop. There were three huge basket-like things hanging from the ceiling and moving back and forth on purpose and rhythmically. We each jumped up and clung to the end of one to keep from being seen by the employees. When we had a chance, we ducked into the next room. We were crouched on the floor behind a circular rack of clothes and fabric. Brenda E wasn't hiding well and I feared we would be seen. One thing in the rack was sheer brown piece of fabric. I could see the old woman through the fabric. I was afraid she would see us. I moved the rod in a circular motion very slightly trying to keep us hidden but she spotted us anyway. I lied and told her that we just needed to duck in from the cold. They took pity on us. Now I'm with my family but still in the same place. The young woman was doing makeovers on us to help keep us from being found. She made Kim H look like a movie star, as she requested. She asked me how I would like my hair done. I told her I like my style so she started spraying it seriously with hair spray. I felt like I was choking on the spray and told her to quit. I was thinking about what movie start I wanted to be made up as but didn't think of anyone so she didn't do anything else to me except to give me a bag of ice and told me to hold it on my face to reduce the puffiness. I held it on my eyes. My family and I are walking downtown Indy. I am watching the people very carefully to make sure none of them are the people who are after us. All I remember seeing is people in business suits carrying briefcases. It is now becoming nighttime and the streets are deserted. We see the horse-drawn carriage nearby sitting by Steak-N-Shake. It is empty but I tell the others that we must stay away from there or we are more likely to get caught. We are in a building looking at displays. They are Christmas displays mostly. One had many stuffed animals. I also saw a bed and pushed on the mattress and said how nice it would be to be in my own bed. Mari Kate S was with us now. We were purchasing things. I remember sweatshirts specifically. We were being careful to use cash so we wouldn't be leaving a trail. Brian F handed me some receipts and told me to make sure I used them. I started filling one out and realized I had written SVSDC, disclosing information on it. I tore it up, showed it to Brian F, threw it away and then paid cash for the sweatshirts. There were people there who were looking for us but they didn't give us away for some reason. The last room we went into had a lot of computers and electronics. I sat down at a desk to check my email. BJ said something about the amount of email. I then saw a Karaoke machine and asked Daddy to come record a song with me. He was a short, dark-haired, Italian man. Brian F joined us. I didn't want him there, but let him stay. We were going to sing We Wish You A Merry Christmas but we didn't know the version that was playing. Then a familiar version began playing so we started to sing. I was thinking that this was good, as I would be able to listen to and better decide if I am a good singer. The guy running the electronic place said he needed to close up. We said we would help because we are very familiar with the things there. We said Mother is very familiar with the type of typewriter so she could take care of it. I saw her sitting on the floor with the case, cleaning it, as part of closing up. I was looking under all the desks for money. Whenever I found change, I put it in my pocket. I found four quarters in a pile and under one desk.