Matthew left for school in the morning and I began working on Christmas presents. I think I was going to wrap some. I had told him to separate the ones for us from the ones for others. The ones for us were to be around the base and front of the tree. I found some for BJ's family, I think, around the front. They had been wrapped by the store in solid color shiny paper. They had little stickers on them that said what is inside. At first, I didn't like the stickers then I decided they were okay. There was a little more room under the tree than in waking life. Several of the packages were very tall and I thought I would lay them on their sides and slide them under the tree. Matthew cam back home. He had car trouble. I went with him in my car to do something about it. While driving/riding I realized we were sitting still in the road. I brought it to Matthew's attention. He looked and realized the car was not in gear. He put it in drive and started going again. He was very distraught about having car problems again. He was thinking about that instead of his driving. We started discussing his finances to see if he had the money to pay for more repairs. I asked him if he had anything in the bank and he said no. Then I asked how much he had in the bank and he said only about $3500. I was very surprised and said, really? He said yes, shaking his head yes at the same time. I suggested that it would be okay for him to buy another used car. We went to look for one. We went to a dealership. The owner walked by us and I told him I was referred to him. I said Matthew's paternal grandmother and his mother were good friends. He looked at us as if he didn't want to be bothered because he didn't know us but I guess he decided to he should because of his mother. Don H was there also. I said, Don H, I was going to call you because I need your help. I wanted him to help Matthew find and purchase a car. We were sitting at a table with the owner and he was hassling us as if he couldn't help. Finally, Darren handed him a check for $35 and said to put him in a car. I told him to make it $75 because I don't want him paying on this forever. He said he didn't think he could do anything because he doesn't sell blue cars, meaning inexpensive or lower end. I said that I was guessing his mother is a friend of Matthew's grandmother they must be somewhat alike. She would probably expect him to help us. He was visibly upset but obviously agreed with me. He told an employee to get the cash box. I could tell he wasn't getting ready to go show us some cars. After he walked away, I realized there were two rows of tables where employees were sitting, maybe having lunch. A black man sitting at one end was sitting there laughing about our conversation. He said the owner couldn't find anything for $75 a month, but knew he would sell us something for that amount because of his mother. I gave the man a playful slap on the arm and said, don't mess with my game here. He laughed harder and nodded his head yes.