I was riding this thing I called a bike but it was actually shaped more like a go-cart. It was a metal frame like a bike with just a seat and an awning over head. I was headed to this restaurant, maybe Denny's. As I neared the restaurant, it started to rain slightly. I thought how fortunate I was that I was almost there. When I got to the restaurant, I couldn't find a place to park. I thought it was just as well because I was afraid the bike might be stolen. I folded it up, much as you would fold a luggage carrier and took it inside. When I got inside, I was looking for a place to stand it and a place for me to sit. I struggled a bit, moving it around because it was so big. I finally leaned it against the wall near the coat rack. There were two overcoats hung on peg hooks on the wall so the bike was on top of them. Until this point, I was not thinking about why I was going there or that I was meeting someone else. I entered the restaurant looking for a place to sit alone. After I got in there I saw the women that I was meeting there and went to sit with them. While we were eating, several men came up to us. The other women knew them because they work with them. After a brief conversation, one of the men showed us a video. The video was of a large room with probably hundreds of men in it. I recall one young man in particular. It was his first time in that place and he seemed unsure about himself. The man who took him there was showing him around as if training him for a new job. I have some sense that the men in the video were mobsters. Suddenly, a group of men with machine guns came in and started killing everyone. I watched the video as it scanned the room. Men were falling everywhere as they were gunned down. I kept wondering why no one told this one young man to fall to the ground to try to protect himself. The video had a strong impact on me. I still have a very vivid image of one of the men. He was probably in his 50s, with silver gray hair and medium build. I'm not sure why, but I didn't think much of him that maybe he was somewhat sleazy. Just after the movie, ended one of the women sat down next to me and sat on this man's hand. It was as though she was straddling his arm. She had on a short skirt and white hose. He pulled it out from under here from the front. My first impression was that he did it on purpose and I didn't like that. Then I decided not to assume that. I should consider it an accident. However, after that, he was laying on his back on the floor laughing and she straddled him and was acting, playfully, as if she was going to hit him or something for doing it. Then they both got off the floor. Something started to happen at the restaurant. One of the women I was with also worked there. She came from behind the counter and physically stopped the disturbance. I recall seeing her do a karate kick. I realized now the men and women I met in this restaurant, and myself, were police officers. I had come to this place to take a new job. We all got up to head to the police station. They were laughing about my bike. They said something about the rain and I pointed out that the bike had an awning. They led the way to the town and police station with me following on my bike. As we entered the town, I was simply in awe. It almost looked like something out of a Disney village though not really that either. All of the buildings were very colorful and playful. For example, one was white with red storybook lettering. It is very hard to describe. Every building had many compartments on the outside with a separate item in each compartment things like stuffed animals. I loved it. I was trying to take it all in while following them. They stopped at the police station and I missed it. I got frustrated because I had gone down a hill and now I had to peddle back up the hill. The police station and fire station were attached. You didn't realize the police station was there until you went inside. I got off my bike and a man and a young boy came out to help me with my things. I had several duffel bags attached to my bike that I didn't have before. I took two of them off and handed them to the man. After I had folded the bike up again I gave it and one bag to the young boy. He was in awe of my bike. I kept one bag myself. When I went inside, I was in a very narrow, but short, hallway. Part of the way down the hallway I had to take a step down to continue. At the end of the hallway were several rooms. One was an open room. Several women were sitting around a table. I don't know what they were doing. Behind them was an office door. I went in there to meet the man in charge. He was looking for my first day paperwork and couldn't find it. His wife came in to help. He got on the phone and called someone about it. He was frustrated and telling his wife how it would delay my paychecks if it didn't get done on my first day. She was sympathetic but told him she really needed to get started on the next lunch though I knew she meant the dinner meal, or it would be late. I somehow knew she fixed the meals for the whole crew. I was worried about my pay being delayed.