It was my wedding day. I did not see or talk to the groom during the entire day. Most of my family was there. They had me standing on one of the dining tables to take my picture. The tables formed a T and I was standing in the cross section facing the top of the T. At another point, Bruce W was kneeling on the longer table facing the same direction to have his picture taken. Somebody was joking around with him. Later I was looking at the pictures and saw that another of my cousin's, Linda W, was standing on the table behind me when they took my picture. She was a bridesmaid and she was dressed in green. Somebody said she was supposed to be there in that picture. The wedding was at Bev's house. It didn't look like her actual house. Nicholas F came running out with this little green umbrella. It was just big enough around to protect him and it was deep with a very short handle. I thought it was so cute and I played with him and the umbrella for a little bit. I was using the bathroom and Nicholas F was standing to my right. I didn't seem to mind that he was there. I realized that I had no pulled the door shut so I reached up and shut it. At that point, Brian F and Mari Kate S came in. I got upset and said can't a person use the bathroom without being disturbed. Mari Kate S let Brian F climb on her back and she carried him out. I got upset because when he climbed on her back he could see over the stall door. It is now near the end of the reception. I am very tired and want to go home. I put on a pair of white socks and my tennis shoes. Bev and I were sitting next to each other leaned against each other waiting to go. We had fallen asleep like that. John S came to awaken us. I asked if it was time to go and he said yes. This is odd because earlier the wedding was at Bev's house but now we are going home to Bev's house. When we get there, I see John set a brown coffee mug down and I asked him if he had trouble staying awake getting home. He said just a little. We went upstairs and I noticed Rachel S's bed. I didn't want to admit that I had not realized that she had not been at the wedding with us. I said that it's a shame Rachel S couldn't be at the wedding. Where has she been? She had been staying with John's parents. Matthew came up to me. He was only about 9 or 10 years old. I hugged him and rested my chin on his head. I asked him if he had a good time. He said not really, because he didn't even get to show me the menu he made for me. I didn't pay much attention to him. I felt really bad.