I was staying at a hotel with people I knew. We were there for some kind of professional conference. I went into an area that looked like a big warehouse. Vendors were sitting around with boxes of their things to set up in booths. One of the vendors was CFC. I was sitting at a table with Lilly H. She told one of the reps that they know if they want our business that they have to bring two of any gifts to her and her co-worker. I said no, they have to bring three, meaning they have to bring one for me also. I went down some steps to go outside. There was a busy street, several lanes wide. I crossed the street to go somewhere. I realized I only had socks on but decided to go ahead. When I came out to go back to the hotel it was raining really hard. I took my socks off and ran barefoot across the street. After I crossed the street, I noticed a place that I could walk under and not get wet as long as I stayed right in the middle. The further I went though the lower the top got. I finally got to a place where I either, had to get on my hands and knees and crawl through this drainage pipe or I had to squeeze through this other opening to my left side. This part is especially odd because the opening couldn't have been more than 12-inch square. I was somewhat concerned that I would get stuck going through there. I thought about my option of the drainage pipe and decided to take my chances with the other opening. It was tight and I got a little nervous after I was halfway through but I got through. The best way I can describe how I got through is what you might see if a cartoonist drew it. When I got back to the hotel, I was having a conversation with my boyfriend. We went and sat down by another woman that he was also dating. I got really upset with her, got in her face, pointed my finger, and told her this conversation does not concern her. I really thought some ugly things about her. I said that I needed to get out of here. I got up and walked away. I knew if I didn't I would say something mean to her and I didn't want to do that. I went outside. The rain had stopped. My boyfriend came after me. He wanted to fix things. I told him I wasn't going to do this anymore. I did not want to hurt his other girlfriend so I was not going to see him anymore. I told him I would fly home the next morning, as I couldn't afford my own hotel room. He did not want to lose me. He begged me to stay and said he would end it with her. I said that wasn't fair to her. I really didn't want to hurt her. I also wanted to respect myself so I would leave. I told him how very much I loved him and how incredibly difficult this would be for me but that in the long run I knew it would be better for all three of us. He said if he was going to lose one of us it would not be me. I finally agreed to stay and let him break it off with her. He got another hotel room. He told me to get just a few things out of our joint room for now. All three of us were in the same room. He said he would get the rest of our things out and bring them to our new room after he had talked with her. I expected it to take awhile but it didn't. He came to the room and said it was time to celebrate. Just at that moment, there was a knock on the door. It was room service with champagne, strawberries and whipped cream, candles, and bubble bath. He said we would take a bubble bath, make love, and then have a wonderful dinner brought to the room. Somehow, I knew that during dinner he was going to ask me to marry him.