I was with my CRHP sisters. Some details are very, very sketchy. I stepped into this area where I was going to be wrapped up like a postal package. We could decide what kind of wrapping we wanted. I decided plain brown wrapper with white string. When I stepped into the spot, Tom Hanks appeared and did the wrapping. He was having a lot of fun doing it. I was so excited. He was really, really nice to me. It was as if it was some kind of game. Later I was with just a few friends and there was one or two children. I thought it was odd that we were dressed in swimsuits and robes but they said that was the typical dress for where we were going, to just put a robe over your swimsuit. Then I saw we were going to a swimming pool. At the pool, there was a large group of men sitting all around in their street clothes. I realized this was another joke. They had arranged for all these men to be there. They said they wanted to see me in a swimsuit. I let my robe fall open a bit and pretended not to notice as I continued to talk to my friends. I finally took my robe off, got into the pool, and swam the width of the pool. After I got to the other side, I got out and saw all the men were gone. They said they were only there to see me in a swimsuit so as soon as they did they all got up and left. One of my women friends was surprised that I didn't look half-bad in a swimsuit. I felt pretty confident but also recognized the areas where it was obvious that I need to lose weight. I went to get back in the pool and there was this thing, reminds me of a mattress cover, covering the entire area of the pool. I lay down on top of it. It was very relaxing. I was back in my room. I'm confused as to whether it was a hotel. I think not. I was with my CRHP sisters again. We were putting some things away. There were Christmas decorations and Halloween costumes. I was dividing them into piles because they each needed to go to different rooms. I took the Christmas stuff to two different places. Then I took the Halloween stuff to another place. BJ was on a ladder and I handed her the costumes on hangers. She wasn't sure what to do with them and then turned around and saw others hanging above and behind her. She asked if I was sure that this is where they were supposed to go. I said yes. I was thinking that this is where they are kept for storage until it is time to get them out. I was at NTNS. Someone else and I are carrying these things into an attic, kind of like the one in my birth home. I think Bob F was one of the ones helping. I was separating things into piles by the boxes they would go in. Several of us were in the attic and I pointed out that we needed to start digging out the boxes. Nobody really wanted to because it was going to be a big hassle. I can still picture it in my mind but I don't know how to describe it. I leave and am back at my home/apartment/hotel. We are supposed to be getting ready to go to a play. I realize that I am the last one to get ready and the others are trying to be patient in waiting for me. I am rushing around trying to get ready as quickly as possible. I end up having to change a thing or two. Suzanne B is worried that we are going to be late but I can see she is trying very hard to be patient. I put on my black satin suit and decided to wear flats instead of heels since we were in a hurry. They were quicker to grab and I could walk faster. When we were headed out, we went through this area that looked like a building under construction again. Tom Hanks was there again and pretended that he was going to wrap me up again. This time he said he was just playing around and was just there to walk me to the car and say good-bye. I asked if I could give him a hug and kiss. I intended to just kiss him on the cheek. He leaned over and gave me a very light, quick kiss on the lips and a big hug. I felt like I had died and gone to heaven. I was so excited. He walked me to the car. When we got to the play, I was suddenly with Mother and Daddy. I told Daddy to go and ahead and Mother and I would catch up. It seemed like we were someplace like Las Vegas. Once inside I was back with my CRHP sisters. We were standing around talking. I was telling them about Tom Hanks. Several of them told me that Sheila G had arranged all of that for me specifically. I walked through the crowd of them to Sheila G. Sheila G appeared to me as Tracy P, but I knew it was Sheila G. I thought, oh yeah, she has a job where she has contact with or access to these stars. I thanked her profusely for what she had arranged with Tom. I was very excited. There was another part, but I'm not sure where it fits in here. Someone had arranged for a seal, an actual animal, to come to my room as a date. I was very upset and was trying to hold the door so it couldn't get in. It was trying to squeeze in under the door. I was trying to hold the bottom of the door with one hand while grabbing things to block the door and the seal with another. I grabbed a few items and was finally able to block the door and get enough weight against it so the seal couldn't get in. The seal left but then came back later and tried again. I did the same thing but this time I eventually got enough things in front of the door that I could move away long enough to move furniture in front of the door as well. I needed that to keep the seal out that time, as he seemed more determined than ever to get. The furniture successfully kept him out.