I was at WDF. There was a section of the plant that was like a doctor's office or hospital. The nurses were taking my blood pressure but they didn't know which number was systolic and which was diastolic. I tried to tell them that the 118 was the upper number as that was pretty normal for me. They didn't believe me. They took it twice. They were worried that it was much too high so they were going to have someone else take it again. This person pumped the sleeve up and then walked away to do something else without reading it. She thought she would be back in time to read it. She did this twice. She apologized for getting distracted and told me to take a break and come back. I went to find a bathroom. They told me where I had to go out into the plant. I did. There were two Port-o-Lets out there. One for men and one for women. There were men working around there and I was afraid that the ones working up high would be able to see down in through the top. I realized that the top was covered with something dome shaped. I went in. One of the sidewalls had an opening down to my waist. I decided they couldn't see too much from that angle so I was going to go ahead and use it. Then I realized that there was no toilet in it so I went back out. I got some lunch but I don't remember how, where or what. I was sitting on the floor with some other people watching an interview. I realized that it was Kendall B that they were interviewing. I was so excited. I was eager to hear his voice again and to hear what he had to say. As I was sitting there, Vince P came up behind Kendall B and motioned to me. I was also excited to see him so I went out to talk to him. He said he decided to come there because I had tried to get in touch with him. I asked how he, Sue P and his family were. I actually asked twice but he didn't answer me. He looked great, as always, but was wearing his hair in a different style. We were suddenly outside in a neighborhood. 2-3 other cars were driving crazy and almost hit his car. We were walking and I was looking through the trees for his car. I wanted to see what he was driving. I don't think I ever saw it. He started telling me about this girl he had seen a few times but decided not to see her again. I was reading his description of his experience with her. He was describing their experience making love, though his description was cryptic rather than using the exact terms. He decided not to see her again because she enjoyed sex too much. This seemed odd to me since I was often put off by his sexual interests. In this thing I was reading, she said she would try to be more quiet. I don't know how to explain the paper I was reading. I was using my hands to pull it out a little at a time as I read it. Kind of like I was unrolling and rolling it as I read. The letters were very large and various bold colors. There were also flowers on it. I went back inside for them to take my blood pressure again. There was a head nurse who had just started working there. She had been taking inventory of supplies, cleaning up, and organizing. I looked out a window and saw her mowing the grass and some really tall weeds and such. My first thought was how much I enjoy mowing grass. Then I noticed that she had a really heavy-duty mower. It was mowing down tree trunks that were approximately 1 inch in diameter. I wished I had a mower like that. Then I thought it was sad that she was cutting down the tall stuff and destroying the natural environment like that. I climbed up and sat on a cabinet. It had a warped wood surface. I wondered if it would hold me or what they would say, so I only sat on it partially. I decided to ring the nurse call button. I was surprised at how loud it was. Someone came and looked at the call screen to see who rang them, then looked at me. It was Rosemary P. I told her what had been going on and that I was still waiting. I saw Gale W in the background. Rosemary P told me I wasn't supposed to skip a meal and I told her that I had just eaten.