I was in a store kind of like a Wal-Mart or Target. I was standing at a magazine rack going through loose pages of the yellow pages looking for information about exercise equipment. Twice clerks came up to me and pointed out there exercise equipment but I told them I was looking for something very specific. I think I was looking for something like the ab roller that I use at the Y. I started to walk away and I walked by this counter. There was a man and two women there. The two women were making a strawberry milkshake. I saw one put a scoop of vanilla ice cream into the blender. I said, Now that's what I'm looking for. They said, do you really want it? I said sure. But I had to find a glass to put it in. I told them to hold on a second, that I would go get my other one. I went to get it but it had chocolate all over the inside. I went to grab something else, it was a blender beaker as well, but it had chocolate in it too. I told them I would just go to the refreshment counter and get a cup from them. They said, You're going to buy one for that? I said I would if they wouldn't just give me one. The next thing I know, though, I am standing at the refreshment counter with the shake in an actual glass. I pick up a lid, though it doesn't snap onto the glass and I stick a straw through the lid and I leave. As I was leaving the store I noticed a penny on the cement. I was happy as I always am to find a penny and said the Our Father as I always do when I find a penny. But as I bent over to pick it up I saw another one. When I reached for it I realized there was a lot of change on the sidewalk right there. So I started picking it all up and putting in the pockets of my jacket. My jacket was white knit so the change in the pockets pulled it down a lot in front. Some of the change was in piles and had 50 cent pieces and silver dollars and quarters in it. I was so excited to find all this change. An elderly, gray-haired lady walked by and said something to me but I don't remember what she said. Right after she went in the store Karen M and Laura Bi came out. Then they said something to me but I also don't remember what they said.