I was an officer in some kind of military unit. I had my unit out. All of them were standing together in one room. There were a lot of them. I was in another room. I went into my room and there were three light switches but none of them would work. There was just a hole there. It was pitch black dark in the room. So I went back to where my unit was and I had one of them come with me. Actually, several of them came with me. They went in and found a couple of lights and turned them on and got the lights working so I could turn them on from the switches. The one farthest from me was missing so they rigged it so it would always be on. It was a small light that would be on all the time. The other room was kind of like three sections and one section was all the men. The next section was two women; one might have been an officer whose rank was between mine and the rest of the unit. The last section was two more women in separate beds. When we got the lights working in my room I came back into their room and I grabbed two pillows from that last bed and took them into my room. The men that I took with me had been drinking. I decided to go for a drive and get something to eat. When I did I saw one of the members of my unit out there. I sat and watched and saw his pregnant wife there too. He was beating her and she lashed back, apparently had just taken self-defense lessons so he wouldn't be able to do this to her anymore. She fought back and trapped him on the ground between two trash dumpsters and then walked away and I did too. I just left him there and called the police and told them that there had been. I don't know. I told them they could find this man there. I was looking for a fast food restaurant. I pulled into one and realized it was a drive-in restaurant, like Dogs N' Suds, so I backed out and left. I was having trouble seeing because I was driving from the back seat, right side and something on the seat in front of me kept moving around blocking my vision. I was afraid I was going to have a wreck. I passed a Burger King but it was closed and dark. An image of a little Indian woman - just a bit shorter than me.