My extended family and I had gone to something like a carnival with a picnic lunch. Carnival is the closest I can come to describing it though it was indoors. All of my siblings and their children and my parents were there. When we got there, Jonathan F and I took off. We spent the day with some mobsters and some Indians. We had a really good time. The mobsters were all very nice. We sat and played checkers with them and talked with them. The Indians taught us things. They taught us to make some little tools. One was a tool to fish with. They showed us how to fish with it. When we got back to the rest of the family they had all eaten already and were almost ready to go home. Jonathan and I walked away again to get something to drink. We found some cups but we had to try several soft drink machines before we found one that worked. Then we went back to the family and started helping them load up the vehicles. Bob F had his van and the rest of us rode in the back of an open-bed truck. There was a tray that had deviled eggs and raspberry tarts on it. The tarts looked like round biscuits, cut open and stuffed with raspberry pie filling. Someone commented on how good the tarts were but that we forgot to eat them. When we were loading up they all got eaten but one. I took half of that one and someone else took the other. But when I took it, it was more like toast with raspberry pie filling on it and some little round or square things on top. It wasn't nearly as good as the others looked. I took the tray of deviled eggs out and when I got out there I realized that there was another tray of eggs too and that I should have combined them. I also realized I should have covered them with plastic wrap before I brought them out. I asked someone to hold them so I could go in and get some plastic wrap but they didn't. I thought about trying to balance them on the truck while I was wrapping them. Then I thought I should just take them back inside and wrap them but I don't remember doing that. There were also all of these trays of cookies. Everybody got everything loaded up and in the truck except me. I was going to sit in the same place that I sat going there. I had to pull out this thing and there was a plastic container for me to sit in. But someone had filled it with cookies for Bev to take to her in-laws. So, we had to take all of the cookies out. BJ said she needed to go buy tickets to a Reds game. Daddy backed the truck up to the lines where she was buying the tickets. But he almost hit some people. I was yelling at him to stop and he just barely stopped in time without hitting anyone. BJ came back out and said that there were no tickets left for the entire season. One of her kids, I think Todd A, was very upset at this. Todd A was a lot younger than in waking life. Somebody said one of the reasons they were all sold out was because of a Cobb wedding. The Cobb's had purchased every seat in the stadium. Bev said to us that it sounded like the Cobb's. Somebody else said they had some tickets to sell. They started out saying they had some $12 seats and asked if anyone was interested in those. Nobody was. Then they said they had some $15 dollar seats. Then, somebody said here's two seats for $250 each. Somebody bought those. It turned out they were Kim H's tickets that she sold. She was really excited about this. We went ahead and started leaving. Daddy was backing up the truck, but it seemed more like he was just letting it roll and not paying attention to where it was rolling or not aware that it was rolling. I yelled at him again to stop because he was about to back into things. He was about to back into a soda machine. Then he almost hit some gas tanks, and then a couple of other things. He finally stopped the truck and said, I don't know what you were yelling about. I said, because you just missed hitting all of this stuff. Daddy started driving and I was actually walking along the truck. When he came to a stoplight I leaned my back and hands against a wall to try to get into the box. Bob F and Bill F helped get my legs in. Then I pulled on Bill F to get myself in the rest of the way. Once I was in we had to put all of these cookies back in around me. Bev was telling me which ones to put where and how to put them in because there were several different kinds.  