The SVSDC was being expanded. They had remodeled all of the storage cabinets in the sleep area. They looked like kitchen cabinets. All of the doors were etched glass with white knobs. The cabinets were white. It was cool the way they were expanding the building. They had a forklift and they just lifted one of the walls and moved it out further. When I was walking around, there were quite a few patients standing around and two of them were in bed. One was Brandy C. I asked someone if she was having another sleep study. I was standing at this sink cleaning out something that was shaped like a lint roller but it was metal and had holes and things sticking out of it. It had some really goopy stuff in it and I was standing there gagging as I was cleaning it. Anne Marie [unknown in waking life] was standing on the other side of the sink facing me and told me that it's just mucus. There was also this other woman standing to my right. It was a woman from ER. The one that sponsors Carter but I can't remember her name. She was more sympathetic. I wouldn't even say what it was that I was cleaning out. Then I had this piece of meat, maybe a steak, while I was standing there at the sink. I wanted to lay it down and wanted someone to grab a plate for me. Instead this other woman laid a huge piece of raw salmon on the counter and I laid the steak on top of it. I had put a bunch of Rolodex cards into a Rolodex and it was overflowing. They didn't want to buy another one so I went to the sleep area to see if I could find another one in storage. While I was back there, I started talking to Susan J. We were both complaining about things they had done back there. They didn't want us to spend money on office supplies but yet they had all the cabinet doors replaced with this expensive engraved glass. I also noted that all of the cabinets had kitchenware like glasses and plates instead of the normal sleep center supplies. I had an idea about what I could do for the Rolodex. I saw this three-sectioned container on the desk that could be readjusted and made into a Rolodex so I went back to the office to try that. I was talking to one of the construction workers about the expansion. I said, pretty soon, we're going to be all the way out to the road. He said that the plan was to eventually take over the whole lot. I said, 'yes, I realize that.