I was at my birth home with Bev, Bill F, and Brian F. The house had been sold and the people who had bought it came to work in the yard. I heard a lot of noise outside so I went to look out the window. I tried to do it so they wouldn't see me. I saw them using the rotary tiller in the flowerbeds by the backside of the porch. I knew daddy had told them they could use the lawn mower but I didn't know if this was okay. I wanted to call and let them know. None of us could remember the new phone number. We called BJ because we knew she would know it. When I got her on the phone, she gave me the number. One of the others handed me two pieces of paper but they were full of writing and I wasn't sure where to write the number down so I gave the pen to Bill F and told him to write it down. I talked to BJ about something else too. Mother and daddy showed up before I could call them. They were fine with what the new owners were doing. We went out to the garage. There were a lot of people sitting out there. Daddy pulled some grape branches down from the ceiling of the garage for Brian F to help him pick. I was so excited because I love grapes. There were green and purple ones both. I reached up and daddy pulled some branches down for me some to pick also but the ones he gave me just had single grapes on them instead of bunches so I had to pick them one at a time. After I finished I accidentally grabbed someone's foot. I looked at daddy and said I guess I can't pick the big toe can I? Or the others either? I felt embarrassed that I thought for a second that I could pick them. Daddy was sitting with some other men now and he told me there were more grapes up in the rafters but I would just have to climb up there to get them. I stepped on the bench between him and some other man to get myself up to the rafters. When I got up there, I turned around, looked down, and saw Aunt H and Aunt P were there with Aunt R. Aunt R looked really healthy, like she did years ago. She was standing and talking. At first, I didn't see any grapes in the rafters. Then I noticed some on the other side but didn't know how to get over there. There was a small beam that I could scoot across to get over there but it seemed scary to me, even though I knew I had done it before. The beam had stuffed store all along it and I didn't know if there was room for me. I also realized I could get down and climb back up the other side but that seemed like a pain. I did end up on the other side but I don't know how. When I got over there I saw bunches of grapes in bags like the kind you find in at a grocery store. These were all green. I thought this is great. I can freeze a bunch of these. Then I realized that some of them were already frozen. I then noticed that there were also packages of frozen meat up there. I didn't think about it then but I don't know how this stuff could have been frozen because it was just a storage space for all kinds of stuff/junk. The next scene I was talking to this black woman who couldn't walk on her own but I'm not sure how or why. She had pulled herself up by this cart, kind of like a hot dog vendor cart. She was going to try to walk around using that as a support. This man came in and she said something to him about being able to get around now and wanting to go on a date. We agreed to baby-sit the kids but I have no idea whose kids we were talking about except that it wasn't theirs. He finally agreed. Then I'm back up in the rafters and I see two stuffed dummies. The kind you might find sitting on a porch at Halloween where someone had stuffed clothes to make it look like a person. They were hanging from the rafters. They looked just like the two people that were going out on a date. The female dummy had her back to the male dummy and he had his arms around the female dummy as though he was supporting her. I saw other dummies hanging up there as well.