I was at a business conference in a hotel. Carmen A was there. Terri O was there. Angie Ho and Darren H and Annie H. I was in my room trying to change clothes. Angie Ho, Darren, and Annie H were there. I didn't have any clothes on and neither did Angie Ho. They all just stayed in the room, sat down, and started talking. I finally went in my closet and closed the door thinking they would get the hint and leave, but they didn't. I finally stuck my head out and said I really don't mean to be rude, but can I have some privacy? Angie Ho gave me this dirty look. I closed the door back up and they finally left. I got dressed and went out. Myself, Terri O, other CIIS group members were cleaning. We were getting ready for some execs. One of the men in charge came up to us and told us not to forget to clean this part of the banister at the bottom of the steps so I grabbed a rag and went down and cleaned it right away so we wouldn't forget. A few minutes later we were doing something else and he came by and looked at it then looked at it and then looked at us and smiled that we had remembered. It was really dusty and dirty. We went back upstairs and there was this little dog up there. It was a longhaired small dog. I asked what breed it was. The fur was really soft but it looked kind of like a beagle. Terri O said, no, it was a boxer. I was really surprised. When I looked at the face again I could kind of see the resemblance. There was this little puppy there too. The puppy was playing with the boxer. I thought, oh that boxer is so sweet I think I would like to have one like that. It kind of snipped at the puppy's mouth. I told it not to do that. Well, so much for that! I thought I wanted that dog! I know I don't now. The same man came back and was pointing out this painting, and said that the name was wrong on it. He said it was his son and that we needed to correct the signature on it. We did. He came by later and said tell them the story to point out that it was still wrong. I said, I'm sorry, I don't understand. Someone said the initials are supposed to be A.C. not S.A. Then after the man walked away I asked, why didn't he say that instead of telling us this whole story? Why didn't he just say, It's supposed to be A.C.? Then I walked into this conference room with this one man. I'm not sure who it was. I feel that I knew him but I can't identify him. We went in and sat down at a table to listen to a speaker. We were at a table with Carmen A and two of her friends. Her hair was really big and I touched it. It was hard with hair spray. She turned around and said, It looks really nice, doesn't it? I said, yes, it does. I didn't really think so. Then I went to another table to get a coffee cup. I came back, poured myself some coffee, and put an extraordinary amount of sweetener in it. I was looking for cream. I realized that I had to go to the back of the room to another table to get some cream. I didn't really want to but I realized that it was coffee with caffeine and I knew the effect it would have on me and I thought the creamer but lessen the effect somewhat. They didn't have any decaf so I went ahead and drank it because I really wanted coffee.