I was with some of my family and I went to visit my house on Lakeland Dr. There were priests living in it now. As I walked around, the floor plan wasn't the same as it was in waking life. But I recognized things and was enjoying going through it. I looked out the window and pointed out that they had replaced our deck with something else. The fence that they had put up was kind of gaudy. It had big, thick, black posts with horse heads on the top. It was shiny. I don't know what the material was. if it was painted wood or some kind of metal. I was looking for my refrigerator. I finally walked into one room and there were two of them and one was mine. I said to Mother there it is and we went and looked specifically at the ice and water dispenser. After we left the house I realized that I had not looked at the kitchen or family room. I am planning to open my own store. I don't know what kind of store. I asked BJ and someone else to help me make a sign. I was going to put an advertisement in the church bulletin and someplace else and I thought we could make a poster board sign that would look like a real sign and then take a picture of it for in the ad. I was thinking of the kind of wood sign that you would find hanging out from the building outside of a store. like in the movie chocolate. BJ complained at first but then agreed to help. It was going to be pink lettering on a white background. I'm not sure where we are working on this. At first I thought we had room to work on them in my parents bedroom. But we were in this very large room with several large tables. all of my CRHP sisters are there to help but we aren't at my parents house. I have a sense that we are back at the rectory but it doesn't seem at all like my house on Lakeland so I'm not sure where we were. I had started making the sign. My CRHP sisters decided what kind of signs to make without asking me and had them done really quickly. They had made one for each holiday. They used lots of different colors. They just used large white paper instead of poster board. And they got rid of my initial sign of white poster board with pink lettering. They didn't say much about why they did that. They knew that I noticed but they kind of ignored it. I know they were all there but the ones I specifically remember were Theresa Ay, Theresa S, Judy D, Linda B, and Sheila G. We talked about how to transport these to my home or store. They said we could crease them but it was better not to. If we were going to fold them over without creasing, we should fold them over with the print on the inside. They had lots of glitter on them also. They were pretty but reminded me of things children would have made. which was not what I had wanted at all. I had wanted something simulating a real sign. Some of us folded the signs over and carried them outside to put in a car to take to my home. Others just let them hang freely and carried them out. Some of them had tape on the ends as though to hang them. They had also brought with them these huge containers of cookies and sweet rolls and such. We talked a little about what kind of store I was going to open. I joked that I was going to be a chocolatier. But the more I said it the more I liked the idea. I still don't know what I was going to do. When we got done with the signs we had to do something with all of these cookies. We started dividing them up among us so we each had a selection of everything. Most of us were putting ours in these huge roasting pans the size that would be used to serve a very large party. Some of them didn't want to take very many and were putting theirs in small plastic containers. Every time I thought we were done I would fine 2-3 more pans or trays. People started leaving and there were still pans of cookies left. I think we finally ended up getting them all divided except one final pan of chocolate cookies with chocolate chips. I asked whom all the empty pans belonged to. Some of them were the tin foil pans but there were also plastic containers. Some of the plastic ones I recognized as my own. There were two plastic ones that had pull out drawers. In each drawer were two recipe boxes. I looked inside the recipe boxes and they were empty. As we were loading up our cars I mentioned that I was looking for a new place to live. Someone said this would be a good time for me to move closer to the northeast side of town since Matthew will be leaving for college. I said I agreed but then stated that I already live on the NE. I don't know why I was moving or if I was trying to buy a condo or house again or just moving into another apartment. Some of my CRHP sisters wanted to go look at it with me before I decided for sure. I said that was fine and that we would see when they were available and go then. I was asking Theresa Ay for sure. At first I thought they could meet me at work and we would go from there then I realized that was a lot of extra driving for them so I would just give them the address and directions and meet them there.