Matthew was cleaning the woodwork in the apartment but he didn't think what he was doing was working. I told him that I thought it was and pointed out on the one he was working on that I could see where he had cleaned and where he hadn't. He was working on the upstairs bathroom. I told him he needed to step out for a minute because I needed to use it. After I closed the door I realized the toilet was about to overflow. I flushed it several times and was playing with the mechanisms in the tank trying to get it fixed. I didn't want to use the plunger but was about to tell Matthew that he needed to get the plunger and fix it. Just at that time, some people came in and I realized they had been working in that bathroom. It was apartment maintenance men. I didn't even know they had been in there and done anything. I hadn't called them to do anything. They replaced the upstairs toilet with an older toilet that was all cracked around the rim and nasty looking. Where it was cracked, there were several colors light blue and yellow and I don't remember what other colors. They had also replaced the sink and counter fixture with this big ugly unit that had two trashcans built in, the kind you might see in some public bathrooms and it was a maroon color. It was also a double sink but the one sink was fairly small and rectangular in shape and the other one was round and regular size. I didn't like it at all. I questioned them as to why they were doing this when there was nothing wrong with the old fixtures. They didn't give me good answers. I didn't like the work at all. They basically just ignored me. Then a woman came in while they were here. She was from the apartment office and she said her name was Lao. I told her that as soon as these men left I would be calling her to talk to her about this. They gave me a form to sign and fill out. On several places on the form, I made it very clear that I did not like the work that they had done. That I had not requested it. That it was poor quality. One of them at one point said this isn't going to be good while he was watching me fill out the form. I just ignored him and kept writing. It wasn't the normal form that I fill out and sign when I have work done here. Then they pointed out a place for me to write some extensive comments. I wanted to get one of my own pens because the pen they gave me wasn't working well at all. I guess I thought. I don't know if I was actually talking to someone on the phone or if I was just thinking. When I called the apartment complex, I told them that I don't have a problem with John D or any of the men that normally work for him at all. They almost always do an excellent job. However, I was not pleased with this at all. As someone who has lived here almost four years, I think this is inappropriate to come in and have something like this done without my knowledge or consent. I had no problem with the previous fixtures.