I was working somewhere but I don't know where. I think it was a medical office. They put me in the back office and made me a filing clerk. The manager always made sure everyone else was placed above me. They brought a new man into work next to me but doing slightly different abilities. He kind of reminds me of Cal U. Someone came back, was talking to him and asked him what he does there. He said he is a filing clerk. My first thought was what is he doing in a job like this? Then I thought that's good that he's not letting his ego keep him from being responsible. Some vendors brought in a bunch of merchandise to sell to employees. They set up booths to display it all. They had jewelry and furniture. I went to look at the rings but by the time I got there, all of the medium size ones were gone. All that was left were very dainty ones and huge ones. One was like a neon light. It kept changing colors. Betty N was there. I started walking around to look at other things. There were very large wooden pieces of furniture. I opened this one unusual chest. I liked it but decided it wasn't quite what I was looking for. I was walking around Susan J. We looked at some kitchen furniture. I asked her if she saw anything she couldn't live without. She said no. We kept walking and saw various knick-knacks behind colored glassware. I went back to my desk and tried to call Tim W again. He worked for the same company. I had left a message a day on sales floor. I had also gone to his office to try to find him and talk to him. When I tried to call this time, I got a wrong number first. I looked in a book for a number to get the corporate directory on voice mail. When I got his number, I got through but I heard him talking to someone else. I hung up but then called back. This time I spoke with him. He said, you want out of there don't you? I said, Yes, I do. Then I said, let's see. A masters degree working as a file clerk. What's wrong with this picture? It wasn't until the other man said he was a file clerk that I would admit that's all I was too. Tim W didn't seem as pleasant to talk to as he normally might be with me.