I went to the YMCA with a bunch of women from church. I don't think they were my CRHP sisters. In fact, I didn't know anyone. One person was there as our trainer to get us started on a program. Some of the women were having more difficulty than I was. I was trying to be encouraging and supportive to them. I told one in particular that I wasn't trying to be pushy, that I was only trying to be her cheerleader. She and one or two of the others were wearing dresses to work out. They were kind of out-of-style. Straight, cotton, pastels with collars, belted waist and button down the front. As one of them was working out, I saw the trainer behind her kind of spotting the weights. Although there was no need to because it was a weight machine. One of the weights did kind of stick or something at first as they sometimes do. I was waiting my turn sitting on another machine. While I was waiting, I could see into another part of the gym. Through glass windows, I noticed my name on one of the machines. At first, I thought it said, or meant, that I passed on it the last time, meaning I didn't use it. I then realized that it said something was completed. I realized that it had been a long time since I had been there so I figured not many people use that machine if my name was still on it. When we were done, I went to get my puppy out of this one room before going home. Someone there had been watching him for me. He was actually there for another reason but had agreed to watch him for me while I worked out. There were puppies running around all over the place. There was a woman sitting on the ground with her kids. I think they were having a picnic. Their puppy was running around also. The name of their puppy was Monica. They said they chose that name because it's an unusual name for a puppy. I said I had named my puppy that for the same reason but it was also the name of its mother. I was kneeling on the floor and these puppies were running all around me. There were two bulldogs that were really bothering me. I thought they were going to bite me. One was brown with green spots. I kept pushing them away and I wanted to get up but it was as though I was paralyzed there. I did finally get up but I don't know how. I still couldn't seem to get away from the puppies. I was talking to Matthew about paying him $5 and how to get it to him .I told him I would mail it to him but he said his wife could come pick it up. I asked him how much longer he would be there and he said at least another hour. My puppy was playing behind the closed door so I told Matthew I would leave the puppy with him while I went to my locker to get my things and then I could pay him. When I went to the locker room, I accidentally went into the men's locker room. I saw the men in the hot tub and realized what I had done. I left and again, mistakenly, went into the other men's locker room. When I finally went into the women's, there were three different sections. I realized that I didn't remember which locker I had used or the number on it. I started trying my key in all the locks. I was afraid someone would see me. My key opened some of the locks but they weren't mine. Sometimes I had trouble getting the things back inside to close it. Many of the lockers were very small, maybe 18 inches by 6 inches. Some of them I left unlocked because I could get the things back in. There were some very unusual locks too that I had to do certain things in order to relock them. I was getting very upset that I didn't remember and that I couldn't find it. I was worried what people would think. I also worried that may be I had mistakenly used one of the men's lockers. One aisle of the women's lockers was very narrow. I started checking these but then realized I would not have used them because of the narrow aisle. I finally gave up, went, and told Matthew what happened. I was very upset because I said my keys were in there too. I then realized I had the car key hidden on the car. Then I could get home and the apartment office could let me in the house. I also then realized that I usually have my purse under the front seat of the car when I go into the YMCA so maybe I had done that this time.