It seems we started out someplace where there was a lot of snow. There was a big crevice in the snow like a crack from an earthquake. I wanted to get down in the crevice and have someone take a picture for my audition video, but I couldn't fit in. Someone thinner than me did fit in. I noticed that the crevice started closing up. Someone and I kept pushing against one side of it to try to move it and keep it open. We were trying to rock it, the way you would a car stuck in mud. There was water on the other side of the crevice. As we rocked it the water started splashing over and all of a sudden we wanted to turn and run away before the water got us. When we turned around, we realized we had to swim to get back to land. We did. I was in someone's home and had emptied a 2-liter soda bottle. I took it to the woman of the house and asked her where the trashcan is so I could throw it away. She didn't understand me because she did not speak English. Someone else came up, interpreted for me, and told me where to take the bottle, which I did. One member of the tem came out with a squirt gun filled with hot sauce. She was squirting everyone. None of us liked that because we wearing the only clothing we were able to take with us and now it had hot sauce on it. We went and washed it off as best we could. I went to use the bathroom twice. The bathrooms were very unusual. I thought I better get used to it because soon I would only have the great outdoors to use. Oddly, I thought that would be better than this. We were in a restaurant. I was sitting a table with four other women. I was sitting in the middle of two of them. Two sitting across from e. The waiter came and took orders from three of them but didn't ask the other two of us if we wanted anything. The woman sitting next to me asked if they had anything decaf. He said, No! So she said she didn't want anything. At that point, I said I didn't either if they didn't have anything decaf. Later there were several of us standing around talking. One of the women looked like she was six or seven months pregnant. She was saying when her delivery could happen, that it might happen while we are out. I said, we might be delivering a baby there. She started saying something and pushing on her stomach and pulled out a huge sweater. She had just been playing around, teasing us. Myself and one other woman were walking around a wooded area. There was no snow on the ground. We were looking at pieces of bark lying on the ground. We were talking about how that would work really well to build a shelter. I was walking along what seemed to be a beach. I reached down and ran my hand through the sand because it was so pretty. I realized that it was more like gravel. It was very smooth and felt good to the touch. I was running along and running my fingers through this gravel. As I progressed, the gravel got larger and larger to where it was just these very smooth stones. All of us got into three cars. Two cars had four people each and one car had five people.