I was downloading software and trying to send an IM to Daddy. Maybe I sent it to Mother and he answered. He was going to tell me how to finish downloading my software. It turned out not to be a problem but I realized I didn't get back to him after that, so I sent another IM. This one I sent to Mother. I'm at Mother and Daddy's at the old house. She is sitting in the kitchen at her computer and I walked by and the computer screen is facing me and I comment about how dirty her computer screen is and that it needs to be cleaned. I wiped it with my fingers but then I went and got some paper towels and Windex and cleaned it for her. I don't know if I said this or if I just thought it. I think I said it. This is one thing I will definitely clean when I see it needs to be cleaned. Then I'm back at my computer at home and realized I hadn't continued my IM conversation with Mother. I type in something about being sorry because I had to leave to go get some milk. I'm back now. I'm in my car, again, and headed home. There's a computer keyboard and monitor in front of me where the steering wheel is. I'm driving and having a really hard time seeing the road. I thought to myself, how do I normally see around or over this thing? I can't see the road so I'm trying to look around it. I'm raising myself off the seat so I can look around the monitor and see the road. I think, maybe if I raise the seat higher. I don't usually. So what's different? There's a car pulling a huge trailer across a one-lane wood bridge. I don't see it in time. I drive off the road and around the bridge and back onto the road. The road then turns into an unusual looking railroad track. Then I think, oh, great now I'm driving on a railroad track. I'm driving on a railroad track and up a mountain. I'm thinking, this is so weird and the worst part is that it is not a dream because I know I'm not dreaming. I keep going and then I can see the vehicle that I'm driving going up the mountain but it has like four other vehicles or trailers attached to it that it is pulling. It runs into the train and starts pushing the train up the mountain. I'm talking to this man, I'm complaining about the whole incident with the train and the bridge. I have this toy-size car and trailers that I was driving. I show him what happened driving up the mountain. I tell him it was entirely his fault because I had called his company to come to the house/farm and do something and he didn't do it. I'm demonstrating backing all this down the mountain and back to my property. Football players and one of the players crossed the end zone. As he got there, he jumped in the air, turned around, and caught the football. I think it was me. As I was having it, I was thinking, oh, I'm not awake yet, I need to make sure I record it. But I'm so sleepy I don't want to reach for the recorder to record it.