I was at a kind of indoor flea market. It reminded me of the antique mall across the street but it didn't seem to be antiques, or at least not all antiques. When I first walked in there were these children dressed up in toy-like costumes. They were standing perfectly still until I entered the room and then they started running around. One of them came up and hugged me. One of them, a girl, had her head bent down and was brushing her head up away from her neck. She had said she wasn't hot but I noticed a red rash on her neck and asked again as it reminded me of heat rash. Then she said yes, she was hot. One of the things that I saw in the market was a jewelry armoire filled with LRJ and books. At first, I didn't know what it was until I saw the books. As I picked up a book, a man working there said he was just now reading the book but if I had questions, he would help me. I looked to see if they had any of the items that I now own that are damaged or pieces missing, like one earring missing. They didn't. I didn't recognize any of the pieces they had. I closed the armoire and moved on. I went into a room and saw all of the chains of big colored, plastic beads lying all over the floor. Someone told us what they were, but I don't remember now what they called them. Another woman shopping there thought they were great. She started looking at them to purchase some of them. Someone took some of them apart and there were beads rolling around all over the floor. Someone picked up something else to show us how easy these beads were to pick up. She stuck this thing in the beads, it picked up several at once, and then she put them in a bucket of sorts. I tried it, as did a few other people. It was interesting how it worked. I decided to leave. I finally found an exit but it led into a maze. I hesitated momentarily because I really don't like mazes. They make me claustrophobic and I'm afraid I can't get out. I went ahead. It was all wood, top, bottom, and sides. There was a tape playing while you went through it. It was a male voice of an advertisement for the flea market/store. At one point in the maze, you had to lie down to continue going through and something kind of sucked/pushed you through. I really didn't want to do that but didn't think I had a choice and it was very short so I went ahead. At the end of the maze, there was another place like this. I went ahead since the first one was no big deal. However, this one turned out to be very long. I started getting panicky and trying to figure out a way out. It finally let me out on the outside of the market. It was the end of the maze.