Survivor dream. We were wading through water. It came up to my armpits. It had like a white foamy something on the surface. You could also see animals walking through the animals. You could just see their horns and ears sticking out of the water. We were holding hands and wading through the water. I wasn't afraid at all. I think we were in Africa. We were outdoors. Suddenly there were snakes everywhere. At first, I wasn't afraid, but I was avoiding them. Someone was shooting at them and killing them. I suddenly realized that I had this huge snake on my back but it looked more like an octopus. Then I got scared and started jerking. I think I was trying to either shake it off or just got scared and had an involuntary muscle reaction. The person that was shooting kept telling me to turn a little bit so he could get a clear shot at the snake. I was too scared to move yet I kept jerking. We were still outdoors and close to my home. Everyone on my tribe was supposed to be displaying all of our accomplishments in our life so far, certifications, awards, and things like that. Somebody had displayed their professional accomplishments where the others were related to survivor. I asked someone about it and they said it wasn't necessary. I said, well, maybe not. However, if they are going to display theirs then I want to display mine as well or else it looks like I don't have any. They agreed that was fine. I went home, took all my plaques off the wall, and was putting them in canvass bags to carry them. There were two huge binders full of something that I moved. I was going through the binders looking for a group photo of SAID members with Barry C. He had signed an 8 x 10. I was looking for it, because Patricia S had displayed hers. I thought if she has hers out there then I went mine out there. I really didn't see this as an accomplishment though. I brought them back and was getting ready to display them on the tables where my other tribe members had displayed theirs. They had everything scattered. I was trying to make room for mine, while keeping their things all together. This one man's accomplishments were all of these creatures, like insects and reptiles that he had in plastic cases. I started to move them and I realized they were alive. One of them was a snake all coiled up. It made me jump. Another member, all she had were pieces of paper with things written on them. I don't know what language, maybe Chinese. She had three groups of them. They were little scraps of paper that she had written on. She put them in three groups and made labels for each group. She had laid these in the shape of a rainbow. I went to move them and I got them all pushed together. I was trying to separate them and make sure they were still in the right groups, where they were supposed to be.