I was doing a dream group for family. Aunt H, Aunt P, Aunt J, cousins, women from St. Joe, Aunt A, and some of my own family. I was at Mother and Daddy's house. I went up to school to get a few things and finish putting my materials together and stuff. I then went to the church and realized that I must be late because there were so many cars in the parking lot. I looked at my watch and it said 3:77. I knew I must be 20 minutes late maybe. Someone met me outside and took me into a side door of the church but it ended up being this big meeting room. Paulette W and her son were there also. He was playing video games and stuff right behind me. She said she hoped it wouldn't be a problem. Of course, I couldn't say anything. I handed out the folders. There was a TV playing and I realized I kept getting distracted by the TV. I was supposed to be conducting this group and I kept finding myself doing nothing more than standing there watching this TV. I suggested we turn the TV off and yet later I realized the same thing was happening again. I don't know how the TV got turned back on. I was feeling disorganized and my thoughts were very fragmented. It wasn't going well at all. I was back outside and going back inside. This time the church looked different. Big white church with very steep or deep white cement steps. I started to walk in but my eye was really bothering me. I couldn't see out of it. I was becoming less stable on my feet. Alan K walked up and opened the door for me. I walked in and had my hand over my bad eye. I was walking slowly and stepping carefully. I couldn't use one of the steps because it was too wobbly and I couldn't see well enough. He took my arm and helped me find my way to the bottom of these steps and to a step. Then I told everyone what was going on with my eye and I felt like I was getting a cold and I was just feeling that it wasn't going well at all and I really didn't like that. Having said all that, I hope you don't mind but I'm going to go ahead and put this on. It was a beige and navy blue baseball cap. It had something written on it but I don't know what. At first, it fell down over my eyes. I pushed it up some and tucked it behind my ears so it would stay. I couldn't tighten it. I resumed talking. I was talking about different kinds of window shades not about dreams. We were in Aunt P and Aunt H's house. Not their waking life house. It was very large and beautiful. They had in one area where I was standing to give the talk I could see five different windows. I was talking about how they had used different treatments and different fabrics on each window, I commented on how well coordinated it was and how good that combination went together. Then I reached in my box of stuff and pulled out some very small, maybe one inch in diameter fabric samples for vertical blinds. I asked if they had vertical blinds but just as I asked I saw that they did. They were kind of like a lacy flower pattern. Very pretty and I commented on the same. I asked them if she had help with the decorating or if she had done it all themselves. They said they had some help. Then we continued talking. Kendall B walked up to join the group and he took a seat. I introduced him, looked at him, said should I tell them now or later who you are. He just grinned and didn't say anything so I decided to wait until later. I was still feeling really uncomfortable, as though it wasn't going well. The TV was back on again and I was trying to get them to turn it off and leave it off. I whispered to Kendall B that I had some great things to show him about my research. He just grinned again and walked away to find a place to sit and observe my group. I was still feeling that it wasn't going well at all. I wasn't prepared. I was very ill at ease. I said I like to leave lots of time for questions because people have lots of questions. I started taking questions at that point. We were having some great discussion. We got off track from time to time talking about dreams. I realized from some of the questions that I was pretty well prepared so I felt less nervous about Kendall B hearing my answers to these questions.