I was at a hotel with family and friends but I'm not sure why. It might have had something to do with graduation. We were chatting with some people about Matthew graduating. He walked up and we were chatting a little bit. He knocked on somebody's room door and one of his friend's came out and his friend was trying to teach me to do this thing with my hands. Then they took off and Matthew came back and had picked up some mail for us at the front desk. It was a bunch of letters, a fed ex package, and a big box. None of them were for us. It wasn't the address of the hotel and it wasn't our name. I took them back down to the front desk to let them know that they were in our mailbox. They apologized and said they would take care of it. I told them the other box was still upstairs because it was sports equipment and it was too heavy for me to bring down. When I went back upstairs, it was sitting with some other things for them to take downstairs. As I was walking through the hotel, someone tapped me on the shoulder from behind. I turned around. It was two women and a man. The woman in the middle was tall, with glasses, blonde hair, and older. She reached down, hugged me, and gave me a kiss on the cheek. I didn't know who she was but I acted as though I did. I said, hi how are you? We chatted a little bit. Then the three of them went into the restrooms. I realized that they were from DDSI. I walked a little ways trying to find the DDSI meeting. I figured there must be a meeting there. I found it and I went in. There was a table at the front that Vince P, Joanne N, and probably the area coordinators were sitting there. I went up and just crouched down on the floor at the end of the table. Diane S was sitting at the end of the table. She said, since she had the baby she was just doing DDSI full time. She wasn't giving the small jobs to a decorator anymore. We talked about her husband a little bit. She had been sitting next to Vince P. I put my hand on his shoulder and pulled him towards me. I said you haven't been returning my phone calls. He said, yes, I know. I said what's going on with that. He said things are different now. I said what does that mean. He said the last message you left you were kind of coming on to me. I said, no I wasn't. He said, well things are different now. He wouldn't even talk to me any more than that. I finally decided that I was going to leave. I leaned over to Joanne N and asked her if there was anything she needed from WDF right now. She said not that she was aware of. I said, Okay. I can't stay because I'm not feeling well. However, I wanted to check in. Then one of the other coordinators stopped me before I left and opened a sample book to a fabric and asked me to find out if we have it in orchid and then she closed the book right away. I reached for a pad of paper and a pen. I had this little bitty pen, the size of my fingertip. I needed her to open the book back up so I could write down the fabric. I wrote down the page. As I was doing this, I realized that this was silly. Of course, it doesn't come in orchid. If it did, it would be in the sample book. I didn't say anything because I had already made her think I didn't know that already and that I was going to check on it. I wrote down the name of the sample book. I said that is just really beautiful fabric. It was shiny, satiny soft. Really nice fabric. She said, yes it is. Then two other people had some things for me so I wrote them down. Then I left and I realized I was barefoot. I don't know why. When I left, I was in a hall surrounded by doors. There was no way out except to go through one of these doors. I couldn't find the door that I just came through. I was looking in some of the doors and there were other meetings. I was trying to find my way out. I finally did, but I don't know how. As I was walking away, I ran into Tim W. He was saying something to me about still representing WDF. He said we have their business now, so we don't really need you. If I were you, I wouldn't do it. You aren't getting paid for it, and we have their business. He called me boy, or son, or something equally ridiculous. He shrugged his shoulders and walked away. At that point, I thought about not even turning in the notes I had. That wouldn't look good for me or for them. I also thought about what would happen down the road if I didn't do that. As I was walking through the hotel, there were many young women in beautiful white dresses. They were all alone. I wondered if there was a debutante ball going on. Then I saw a stage area where a lot of them were gathered. There were five of them performing but they were in pink dresses. I thought that's not a debutante ball, because they don't wear pink dresses.