Jennifer K came over. We were at mother and daddy's house. She came over to visit. She was telling me that her mother wanted to buy Matthew this huge toy for out in the yard. Toy for lack of a better thing to call it. I don't remember what she called it. It was going to be 24 x 12 feet, all plastic, enclosed, netting for safety. The kids could go in and jump in it and stuff. When mother was thinking about it, Jennifer K was in this tent thing that was zipped up and hanging from something in the house. I could tell mother wasn't pleased. I unzipped the thing that Jennifer K was in and she poked her head out. We talked about it a little bit more. I don't think Mother ever answered us. I don't remember Jennifer K leaving or anything. After she was gone, I was helping mother do some dishes. There was syrup all over the kitchen counter. Mother had walked away. I saw the syrup and I was starting to clean it up. She walked back so I stopped and went back to drying dishes. I told her that the syrup was there. She started rubbing a little bit. She got upset and stopped. I started again. I had put warm water on it and it had gotten hard like wax when it is cooling. I could peel it up very easily. I took those pieces and started peeling them up. She asked me how I knew to do that. I said that I just tried it. Something else about Jennifer K. We had placed something in the refrigerator, then we pulled it out laid it on the counter. I think that's where the syrup came from. After we finished the dishes, Bob F and I were standing in the kitchen. Mother came in and leaned her back against the counter. BJ came in. We knew that she was pregnant and she said she just wanted to ask us a question. She was thinking about getting an abortion. I said, how about if I invite this one priest, a family friend but not from the parish and not Father M, Father So and so to Matthew's party. Then you would have a chance to talk to him about it there. She said, oh, that would really be wonderful. I had a stuffed animal. One of the kids came out. I don't know if it was Rachel S or Bev as a little girl. I said Father so-and-so is coming to Matthew's party. She was excited. I said, so make sure you remember to bring him. Only I was talking about the stuffed animal, too. I was putting up Christmas lights on the outside of the house. It wasn't my birth home or my parent's house now. Then after I did that we all got bundled up, I don't remember everyone that was with us. I thought it was my Mother. It was Kay H and she was my Mother. We were going to a family Christmas party or something and we walked. Not all of the Christmas lights were working and I was kind of upset about that. I realized it was my fault because I didn't check all the bulbs before I put them up. I didn't even test them after I got done. I realized I had to go back out and work on them, fix them, the next day. As we were walking, we were crossing the street and there was something like a Christmas parade going on. It was dark outside. We went ahead and crossed the street just walking around some of the people marching in the parades and floats. They were almost like Disney characters or things that you would see in a cartoon. I can't make a good description at all. While I was walking around this, I was thinking, this is so cool. It's just like a dream. Then I said, it reminds me of that one other dream I had, with the Disney-like village. As we were walking there were also these kind of like booths, they were like little play houses. I walked up to the first one and they said, you can try to win a prize. They hand me this little cube, and they asked me a question. I had to show what kind of cube was the right answer to the question. I had to get all three questions right to win a prize. I got the first one wrong but they kind of cheated and gave me a clue and let me try again. Then I got it right and the next two right. For the prize they handed me a little film container with something in it. I didn't look to see what was in it. I was going to look at it later. I just stuck it in my purse. As I was walking, I saw that someone else had been playing something like a card game at one of the little houses. When I got to the house that person was done so I walked up and asked what she was doing. She had an option of a couple of different games. One game was like pictionary. One you could throw rings on a bottle. She said it was one dollar. I pulled out a five-dollar bill and then she said it's only 15 cents. I said, but you said it was a dollar. She said I'm trying to give you a deal. Just give me 15 cents. I didn't have 15 cents so I just gave her a dime. The game she brought me was like a puzzle where I looked at this vertical row of five things. Then she took it away and I had to pick up these pieces of the puzzle and put them in the same order. I didn't get it quite right. The second from the bottom thing was a cow but the cow on hers didn't look like any of the cows on mine. I told her that and so I said that wasn't fair. She said, just a minute let me give you your five dollars back. I don't remember her giving it back to me. They were closing for the night so we were rushing to get out of the way. They were rushing trying to lock up their little houses. I had someone else with me but I don't remember who it was. We ran because everyone else had gone ahead and I was kind of afraid we would get lost. Whoever was with me, I think it was an older Matthew, I asked him if he remembered how to get to grandma's house and he said he thought he did. We got there fine without any trouble. I don't remember being at grandma's house. When we were coming back, we were all driving separately. I got to this one place on the way back, there was kind of like a metal fence in a kind of fence. There was just a couple of inches of the fence sticking out of the ground and you had to drive over it into the maze, through this fence to the other side to get home. When I got in, I lost control of the car and I kept stomping on the brakes. It wouldn't stop. There were a bunch of other cars parked in there and I couldn't believe I didn't crash into any of them. I couldn't get control of the car and I couldn't get it to stop. Then it started turning back and sliding the other way, the way that I came from, and finally as I got to where I entered this place I was able to get control again and drive on out. I was the owner of the property. I could hear him yelling that someone was ruining his fence and he was going to get them. He was going to come out and I heard him yelling. Even as I was getting away, I heard him yelling that they got away but he was going to come after them. I got away. Then we were walking up the yard. Apparently, this was a very new house because there were huge piles of dirt and stuff out front. The outside of the house looked like plywood but there were full-grown evergreens too. We talked a little bit about that, something about the house and things that still needed to be done to finish the house.