I was bike riding in this park with two other people but I don't know who they were. We decided to take this path. It was stone covered with these big, softball size, smooth stones. We took this path and it went down this hill, it was winding, curvy, and kind of. in waking life I would have taken it very slowly or even been leery of taking it at all. But I just; we just soared down this winding path of stones. We ended up at this place where they were taping a soap opera. I think it was, the one with Rick and Phillip in it -Guiding Light I think. We got down there and I said, look they're taping this show. But it was like there was this clear, barrier there but you couldn't see it, between where we were and where they were taping. There were different areas where they were taping different parts of the show. I asked someone if we could ask for autographs and they said no, not while they were working. So we walked through the different areas and saw the show. As we came back through we saw they were done and several of them were walking away. I was excited and I said, They aren't working now. Can we ask for autographs? They said yes. I ran up and asked for an autograph from the man who plays Rick. He was really nice. He gave me his autograph then put his arm around me and hugged me. Then he gave me a kiss on the check. He was joking around and then he kissed me lightly on the lips. He kept hugging me and so I hugged him back. Then he kissed me again on the lips. Then I also got an autograph from the man who plays Phillip. There was another one that I asked for an autograph but I don't remember who it was. , Rick and I fell in love. We decided we wanted to be together but there was some kind of, some people there that seemed to be from another country, maybe India. They had something like magical powers or potions. This one woman had this bowl of this stuff; it was pretty blue and enticing looking. She wanted Rick to taste it and she told him it was going to do something really good for him. I kept saying, No, Rick. Don't. Don't. I just had a sense that it was going to either change his feelings for me or change him in some bad way. He ended up not doing it. There was another bowl. This one was a different color. She was trying to entice him with this and trying to convince him that this one was different because it was a different color. I don't think he did. We were trying to get away. Rick and I and Phillip and I don't remember if there was anyone else with us or not. We still had our bikes, but now there was also this flat bed truck and we were trying to load some things on this flatbed truck to take with us. It was mattresses and some luggage. Some of us were still on our bikes. three of us. It seems that there was another woman with us too. We were riding trying to get away. The scenery kept changing like magically and becoming dangerous. We just kept riding through it and as it we did the scenery kept changing and because we kept going and didn't let it stop us it finally went back to normal. The next thing I know we were at an airport. Rick and I and Phillip and I don't remember if there was anyone else with us or not. We put all of our luggage on these conveyor belts. This one man was checking our luggage and he asked for our certificate. He found one in a piece of luggage. He checked it and it was okay. I realized there were several copies and only one copy was right. I told Rick There. That one in that luggage is the right one. We need to make sure we have our hands on it so nothing happens to it. So he grabbed that piece of luggage and tried to find it but he couldn't. We were running out of time and he finally grabbed it off the conveyor belt and tried to find it. While he was doing that I went ahead with Philip and Phillip was way ahead of me. And I said Oh yeah, I remember we talked about this in counseling. That he is like this and doesn't mean to be rude and it doesn't mean that he doesn't care or anything just because he is way ahead. not considering me being way behind. So I went ahead. The only other thing I remember is that it all worked out okay. Rick and I stayed together but I don't remember if we got married or not.