I was at Margie D and Dennis D's house. It was a house in the country with a lot of land. I was walking up to the house with Margie D up this winding driveway. We had to duck under some of the trees occasionally. There were some flowering trees. It was hilly land. I remember that there was a lot of stuff out there but I don't remember what it was. We went in the house and I saw Dennis D. I commented that he was looking good. While I was standing there I was thinking about the fact that I had just heard that he had quit his job once to stay home with the kids. I remember when he kind of made a pass at me while they were dating and I was thinking about that too. I acknowledged the fact that it had been awhile since we had seen each other. Then two young children came out, Erin D and Dennis D Jr. Dennis D Jr. was being potty trained and was running around with no clothes on. I said something about Rachel S and her doing the same thing. Just joking around. There furniture was a eclectic, but from garage sales and stuff. The sofas and chairs were not all together. pieces on the floor. Samantha was laying in the back of a pick up truck and she was sucking on her finger. I was teasing her and I said, Yes, Miss College Graduate. She kind of grinned at me and said, Yes I need to work on breaking that habit don't I. Then I think Margie D came up. I spent the night there. I shared a bed with Margie D. The alarm was going off. I got up and was packing and getting ready to go. The alarm kept playing. I checked the alarm on my side of the bed and realized it wasn't mine. Finally, Margie D rolled over. I could tell she was getting ready to say something to me about the alarm, ask me to turn it off. I told her it wasn't mine. I didn't realize that it was actually something that I was hearing in the dream was my alarm in waking life was playing and playing and it didn't wake me. As soon as I hit the snooze button in my waking life, the music stopped in the dream. My suitcase was sitting on the bed while she was sleeping. I took my toothbrush and toothpaste and stuff that I wanted to take to the bathroom and some little stuff in one bag. I kind of moved the suitcase so it wouldn't be in her way while she was trying to sleep.