I was at a CRHP meeting with CRHP XIII. While at the meeting they asked me to give my witness. I was unprepared, did not have it with me, as they did not give me advance notice. Before I got up to do it one of the CRHP XIII women got up and started talking about her wedding coming up the next weekend. There was a child, hers maybe, running around the room. The woman had very dark, short hair and was dressed in a purple suit. I decided it was going to be awhile. I realized that I had forgotten to bring any of my things to do the Maori drawing. So I told Judy that I was going to run home and pick something up and that I would be back. Judy had something on her face. It looked like a knit fabric that fit very snug and covered all of her skin. I noticed two other women wearing similar things but different colors. I asked her what happened and she said she had her face exfoliated but had not yet completed the process. I left to go home. While trying to go home I took a wrong turn and got lost. I drove quite awhile, and was out in the country, before realizing what I had done. I thought I had just turned right instead of left or vice versa. So I pulled into a driveway to turn around. For some reason my car was stopped and I just sat there. There were two gentlemen standing by a barn talking. The older gentleman finally came up to the car. As he was approaching I started the engine again and rolled down the window. I told him I made a wrong turn and wanted to go to Indy. I pointed the direction that I thought I wanted to go and he nodded that he thought that was correct. I turned around and left. I hadn't driven very far until I ran into places along the road where there were huge stacks of packages of frozen fruits and vegetables in the road making it very difficult to get through. This concerned me because I didn't recall seeing them there the first time. I kept driving and came to a dead end. I didn't see how this was possible because I hadn't made any turns along the way either time. A couple of gentleman came out and were arguing about which way I should be going. A lady came out who recognized me. She was very friendly, like we were old friends. She was a black woman. I barely remembered her. I kept trying to remember where I had met her. I walked with her a little way and through her house and I was just blocks from where I wanted to be. She was telling me about this store that I had introduced her to for great deals on bed linens. I finally decided that I knew her from SVH. She worked at the front desk. Her name was Sue Ann Williams. She was a black woman, very friendly and kind. We went into the store and she was showing me different things. I realized how much I wanted to have an income again. As we were walking outside again, I told her I wanted her opinion on something I had just done. I told her that I had just moved out of an apartment that I love because of money. I went from a 3 BR with an upper deck and a large LR to a 2 bedroom with a small LR. The cost saving was $400. However, as I was talking to her I realized that I had not given my current owners one month notice so it was going to cost me an extra month rent there. I also realized that we had not moved anything off of the patio, upper deck or two downstairs closets. I had no idea how we were going to fit all of my things into this smaller apartment. Plus, I love this apartment and was miserable about moving into this new place that was smaller and white walls, etc. She wouldn't say much. She said it was time for her to go to bed. She climbed into a row of beds along the street. But they were my shoulder height and they were all attached to each other. Tonya H came up and climbed in next to her. I grabbed a blanket and covered Tonya. I exchanged some pleasantries with Tonya but don't remember what it was about. As I was walking away I was thinking that I would need to get help to move the rest of my things into the new apartment. Then I had the idea that I would just find help to move my things back into the old apartment. that I would find a way to be able to afford to stay there. I went into this retail store that had offered me a job making $41,500 a year but I had turned them down because it wasn't what I wanted to do. I walked into the store and the lady I had originally spoken with was standing there and asked me if I had made my decision as though I had not already turned her down. I verified the income and then said that I would like the job. There were several other employees standing around that didn't seem to like that I was coming to work there. One was trying to put up a good front at least. The manager was very happy and went to get the paperwork. I was trying to tell myself that it was going to be fine and at least it would relieve my financial burden and worries. I'm having difficulty figuring out where the actual apartment move came into this. But I distinctly remember us doing some of the moving. We were at the new apartment with boxes all around us. I walked into one room and BJ was disappointed because she was trying to have that whole room unpacked before I saw her. She was almost done. After she left I started moving things around because she had the things that I use the most in low hard to get at cabinets and things I seldom use in the easy-to-get-to cabinets. This one wall was wall-to-wall and floor-to-ceiling cabinets, much like in Mother's kitchen.