At a theater, we were rehearsing a play that I had written. I had purchased all the costumes, jewelry and accessories for all the actors in this play. There were a lot of them. There were two main female characters that I kept calling the divas. They were Audrey T and Karen Mc. For them I had bought black skirts, black suit coats, and black shoes. But they were each different. Not exactly alike. There was some jewelry. There were earrings. kind of like faked gem earrings but they looked very nice. Maybe some bracelets. For the rest of the cast, their costumes were Native American and something. This is weird. There was something almost like a black robe. They were really heavy. There were these hats too, that looked more like Mexican. Really weird and ugly. Yet, the jewelry was Native American. But I had bought them each a watch with black band but they were all different. The hats and clothing looked the same. When we were done rehearsing they were all getting ready to leave. I said Oh wait! I have costumes for everyone. You can take these home with you. Someone was helping me spread it all out on the stage so they could take it home with them. I had all the jewelry in a bag. I dumped it out. It was all tangled up and I was trying to separate it out. Someone was trying to help me separate it out and put the earrings together and the necklaces together. There were bracelets and then the watches. I was trying to remember. I had the Diva's earrings in a separate bag. I was trying to remember if I bought watches for them or not. I don't remember. I don't remember how that worked out. The earrings were very pretty. I don't know why I thought it was Native American because it doesn't look Native American to me now. I don't know why I said that. There were some children too. So there were two separate piles of costumes. They didn't look Native American either. They weren't the black either. Someone picked one up. It was a jacket, not like a suit jacket, but it was loose fitting and colorful, like maybe orange or yellow. Someone said something about the people would. maybe I made an apology about the costumes. and someone said the audience would love it just like they would the play. And I thanked them for saying that about my play, that people would love it. Audrey T and Karen Mc came out with their jackets on but not the skirts. Audrey T said the skirt just didn't fit. I told her she could just wear some black slacks or something with it. So she started trying on shoes to decide which shoes she wanted. Then Karen Mc came out and said her skirt didn't fit either. She said she could only get it up to the bottom of her butt. She said maybe could wear something to cover the rest up. I said no, no, if you have a black skirt at home or black slacks, just wear that with it.