I went to the Y to play racquetball with Matthew and a friend. I don't know who it was, just that it was someone I know. We were going to play doubles. The fourth was one of the employees of the Y - the young black man with a beard and Afro that is there quite often. We were assigned the last court. We went in and there were piles of boxes and shelves in the back right of the court. It left very little playing room. The Y employee wanted to play around it. I was upset and didn't see how that was possible, but we decided to try anyway. Then we didn't have racquets. We were trying to play with metal kitchen spatulas. Obviously, we kept missing the ball this way. I finally decided to go ask at the front desk if they had any racquets. The front desk area did not look like it does in waking life. There was an open area that we walked into. They were very busy. Several people behind the desk. which is unusual, and lots of customers on the outside of the desk. I asked for racquets and they handed us two. When we got back to the court we tried to use them but they weren't made for racquetball. One was more like a golf club. I finally went back to the desk and asked again. This time they were going through what they had trying to find what I was really looking for. They pulled a couple out that I told them were Ping-Pong paddles. We finally got two racquets. When I got back to the court I realized they were both bent. Half way up the racquet the rest of the racquet was bent towards me. This time when I went in I saw some other employees were clearing all of the mess out of the back corner. I thought that was good. Somewhere I saw Garnet P. She was there working. something to do with paint and crafts. She told me I had to complete my paint work. I stopped my racquetball to do what she said. I began mixing some paint and got some on the sleeve of my black cashmere winter coat. I was very upset and said I wasn't going to do this anymore and didn't know why I had to do it anyway. Someone said it was part of the class. I said I wasn't in the class. Garnet P tried to clean off my coat. I also had paint on the back of one of my favorite black heels. She tried to get it off of there too. These people who were painting were in the halls everywhere and making it very difficult to get around and to the courts. One woman sitting next to me was painting this mailbox, maybe on ceramic, as it had form to it. First she painted the whole thing a rust color. Then she painted what would have been the open space sky blue. She painted the mailbox yellow, the grass etc. green. I think there were also flowers. After everyone had finished the instructors were talking about people's work. They especially liked this woman's ability. She had also painted a picture of herself. Garnet P was just there as a representative of the paint company. They were also looking at two large collages that the group had made. Some of it was done with the tubes of glitter paint like I use. One woman drew something and they were teasing her about being a piehead. She was swimming, looked something like a turtle, and she had painted pictures of pies in front of and behind herself. I was walking around trying to find my shoes. I found them but in doing so stepped in some black paint. Then, I accidentally stepped on a piece of paper that appeared to be painted solid yellow. I was worried that I had ruined someone's painting. Then I noticed several other similar pieces, of different colors, that others had stepped on too, so I didn't worry about it anymore. I pointed to the stain on my shoe to Garnet P and asked her how to get the rest of the paint out. She hushed me and said just a minute. I made my way to the racquetball courts. I looked in each door trying to find the one that Matthew and the Y employee were in. When I found it, I went in just as they were going out a side door. There was another man sitting in there and I asked him and he pointed that they had just gone out that side door. I was aggravated.