Mother and BJ wanted me to have my annual check-up at a hospital other than SVH's. I went to satisfy them but was very upset the whole time. they wanted me to partially undress and have the rest of my exam in these area where passers-by could see me. I got very angry and decided to leave. I was hurrying around looking for my winter coat and handbag. They were saying things like I was overreacting and being silly. I just grabbed my things and left. very angry. As I left I saw, through a window accessible to all, a pregnant woman being examined. I went back to SVH's. I parked my car in a lot four blocks away. I was with someone but I don't know whom. There were several cement walls about waist high. It seemed to be in a bad part of town. The environment was not at all like SVH North Campus. not the surrounding area or the building itself. I went to the elevators to go to an office but I'm not sure where I was headed. It was a six-sided self-standing elevator. that is, not encased in a wall. The outside was all gold and very ornamental. I wanted to go to the 2nd floor. The elevator closed without me so I grabbed something on the outside and let it carry me up one floor like that. Meanwhile, other people were waiting on the first floor for the standard elevator. I'm not sure if I got where I was going. I was walking around and noticed there were a lot of people around. It now felt more like we were in a hotel lobby. I realized there was some kind of trade show or something going on. I decided to go check it out. While I was walking in I realized all of the vendors were just setting up. I was going to look for the WDF booth and thought that I should call someone and see if Marcia N could come and work the booth. As I was walking around I saw booths for people like CFC, only they had a different name now. I realized they had merged with another company and changed their name. Then I saw my own booth. I realized then that WDF did not have a booth and that I had forgotten I had signed up to do this. I went over to my booth space and the only thing there was a three-panel cardboard background that someone had placed there for me. It was very unprofessional and sloppy looking. It had two handmade signs that had been made by Jane Cr for one of my Happenings programs. They were cloud shaped and had been written using several colors of markers. I was thinking about what I would need to get set-up. The booth next to me was just the same, I think it was an insurance agent. I knew her. She was asking me what I typically do for these shows. I explained to her and then told her I was just on my way home to pick up materials before the show starts. My booth was in a corner. Don H was running the show. I told him I needed a table and tablecloth. He took a corner table piece and tablecloth from another booth. I grabbed an extra chair that didn't seem to be in use. The other vendor also had ice and soft drinks which I accidentally moved an ice cooler and a big bowl of ice to my booth. I went and returned them. When I came back someone else had placed cups of ice and 2-liter bottles of soft drinks at my booth. I realized whoever was sponsoring the event was placing them at all the vendors booths for the attendees. I was thinking about what literature to bring and how to make the most of this show. I thought I would offer a free mini interpretation for people and then have those names to add to my mailing list. I also realized that I might need to print and create some materials at home before I returned. I was aggravated for not being prepared already. Two people who were attending the show came to my booth before I could leave to get my materials. I talked to the two of them a bit. I told them I normally charge $50 for a dream interpretation but today, they could sign up to get a mini-interpretation done free if they signed up for the mailing list. The younger woman immediately wrote a check for $15. Apparently she misunderstood me. Her check was like a business check. I realized instead of giving the interpretations free at this show that I should sell them for $15. That way I would make some money for it and they would have more value for the show attendees because they had paid something for it. I was glad this had happened when it did to inform my decision. I was looking for something to write on to give her my name and address, as I didn't even have my business cards with me yet. The woman she was with, I think it was her mother, decided to have one done too. While they were doing that they had a little dog running around like crazy. I was trying to stop him so I could pet him. At times he would kind of jump up on me, on my leg because he was so small. He reminded me of Janet C dog that I called a rat dog. About the height and length of a cat, yet smaller body. Very short haired. He was dark brown and black. When I left to get my materials it was pouring down rain. I wondered why I hadn't brought my umbrella in with me. I bent over and was protecting my head with a paper. Along the way I realized that even though it was raining very hard, I didn't seem to be getting wet. I got to my car, went home and came back. Again I forgot my umbrella. When I got inside I realized I had only picked up one of quite a few things that I needed and that I needed to leave again. The woman in the booth next to me had changed our booths so she had the corner spot. I switched them back. When she came up she said something to me. I told her I paid for a corner booth because it is better exposure. I guess I must have walked away because when I came back she had taken over the corner again. This time she had moved in all of these big items for an elaborate display. I was sandwiched in between her and another large display. I now had one straight table and it was sitting sideways to fit in between the other two. You couldn't even see my display. I found Don H again and was very upset about this. I told him I wanted it fixed and wanted my corner back. He tried to explain to me why she needed the corner and that it had something to do with client privacy. I don't remember my response, but basically I wanted my corner back. I told him that he had about an hour to fix it. He said he couldn't believe I would say that. I explained that I simply meant I had to go home to get the rest of my materials so he had an hour to figure something out. The woman in the insurance booth was ignoring me now- obviously she didn't want to interact with me after what she had done. The man on the other side of me was trying to make me feel better about my space. I overheard Jane Cr and someone else saying that wasn't right what was happening to my space. They acknowledged that my service is very popular to people and that it deserved the right space. I left again to go home and get materials. It was still raining very hard and I wondered again why I had not remembered my umbrella. Again, even though I was simply holding a paper or something over my head I noted that while my body was not protected from the rain it was not getting wet. This time I couldn't find the lot where I parked my car. I went to it from the other side of the block but then the surroundings weren't familiar so I couldn't find it. I came across several businesses, some with overhangs where I could be protected from the rain for short periods of time. I think one was a hotel and two were fast food restaurants. I think one was KFC. I don't know what the other was. I was getting very frustrated because I couldn't find my car. I finally went to the other side of the block, thinking that I should be able to find it that way. I think I did find the right lot just before I woke up.