I was driving through my mother's hometown. I wondered if I was dreaming and said to myself No, I know I'm not dreaming right now! I was driving into or through a church parking lot and it was as though there were several weddings going on. There were many people and I saw several women dressed as brides. I was trying not to hit anyone as I drove through. The next thing I remember is that I was on roller blades and I was going around my mother's hometown High School. I don't remember now what I was looking for. I went around the back of the school and kept going into these woods. There was snow on the ground now and I kept roller-blading. I noticed prints in the snow and realized that there were wild animals around. At first I thought it was a wolf and then I noticed a white bear. I pulled some type of cord down from above and distracted the bear with that cord. He started chewing on it so I moved it in a direction that I could get away from him. I headed back where I came from. I passed another white bear but he didn't come after me. Now I was back at the school parking lot. I crossed the front of the school and went in to ask for directions to where I was going. Jennifer F was in there with some friends. I sat down with them. She told me she knew how to take blood pressures now. I told her she could practice on me. First she started feeling around on the side of my hand. I told her she had to find a nerve, and pointed one out on my inner wrist. This is odd because I would have been taking a pulse not a blood pressure. She cut a slit in the skin of the second finger on my right hand and slid her finger on the skin and pressed on a nerve to find it. I jerked my hand away and told her she was hurting me. She tried again and I did the same thing. I finally told her that she needs to do it on the outside of the skin not inside. I went back outside and headed somewhere else. I think I was headed to Aunt H's again. I got lost and asked someone for directions to Dair Ave. Somewhere along the way Bev joined me. We were laughing about how well we were roller-blading. I was able to jump up on sidewalks and jump from sidewalk to sidewalk across driveways. I counted eleven in a row once that I jumped. We were standing and talking to someone about not having learned how to stop yet we were both stopped and I was trying to figure out how to explain that. I found my way to Dair Ave. I recognized that I was on the right street.  