I went to church. When I went up to receive the Blood of Christ, the Eucharistic Minister was trying to use a new phrase and she couldn't remember it. She was mumbling and kind of being flippant. Finally she just said, oh well, The Blood of Christ and then just continued using that phrase. I was standing in back when church let out and I was trying to push my way through the crowds to get to someone (or something) quickly. before I missed them or it. Matthew and I are in the car. He is driving. We were behind some buildings and he was going to park right behind a bunch of emergency vehicles. fire engines and ambulances. I told him he couldn't park there but that he could park anywhere else along the building. We never did park. The next thing I saw were people going through kind of a drive-thru window for something but it wasn't a restaurant. I told Matthew to drive around them and leave. As we were getting ready to leave we saw a young black man giving someone in another car something that looked like aspirin from this giant bottle. He approached our car. I was curious so I told Matthew to stop. He gave us two and it turned out they were batteries that looked like aspirin. He gave us a bottle of them. the size of a regular aspirin bottle. As we left I was telling Matthew what an ingenious marketing idea that was. Now I'm driving, and really fast because Matthew was going to be late for work and he had to get home to change before going to work. I sped through a yellow light. I accidentally drove through a red light. As soon as I realized what I did and ran three more in a row. I couldn't seem to help it. I was finally able to stop the car, a screeching stop, for the last one. At that time I realized there was a police car ahead of me, but he didn't do anything. We're at the church office. There were three desks sitting in the lobby. I thought it was odd the way they were set up because two of them, the two in front, had their backs to the door and where people would come in. Matthew and I had gone into the back of the church and brought some things into the office. Matthew was sitting at one of the desks typing something that he needed to leave there. It was due or overdue. Just as he thought it was done he realized he had typed it in all caps so he had to retype it. While he was doing that Julie O came out and I commented about the desks- that she had gotten that beautiful new desk unit and now they took it away and put these desks there. I didn't tell her what I thought of the two that had their backs to the door. She made some comment to say that this was a good thing. Of course she would, whether she really thought so or not. That would be the nice Christian thing to do. I was giving two other women that came out the other things that I had carried into the office from the back of church. The paper bag had things in it that people had been making in the back of church. They reminded me of valentine things but were very large, made out of large colored paper. I said I didn't know what they were but that they kind of looked like Valentine things. They were puzzled by that but then mentioned something about Alice S and I said, yes, she would be working on that about now. So they took the bag. After they took it I found some others lying on the floor. I picked them up and placed them on one of the desks. One of the things is my little cedar chest that normally sits on my dresser. It was full of pictures. The pictures on the bottom were of Matthew and I. At first I told them I wasn't sure what it was and when I saw the pictures of Matthew and I on the bottom I said, Oh, now I know. Someone saw my chest sitting here with these pictures so they just put their own on top. They agreed that made sense. We saw a few of the pictures that had been added. The people were naked, some had body paint, but you couldn't see any genitals or any of the women's breasts. They took the chest and I told them that, of course, I would want the chest back. They said of course, but they didn't bring it back. As Matthew was finishing his typing I asked if I could take the chest back with me now and someone went to get it.