I had just secured a job working here locally for NASA. Our quadrant was in the middle of a crisis. NASA had commercial airliners and one of the pilots had crashed a plane intentionally. At first they did not realize that he had survived until a subsequent incident. Two pilots, a husband and wife, were sent on a mission to try to stop the criminal pilot. The husband was Anthony Edwards, actor. I walked/ran with them through many of the checkpoints/security clearance points to get them securely into their aircraft. I was in training. I was trying to get security clearance and the equipment was not taking my SS number. I realized that someone had entered a 0 before the number and that was causing the malfunction. No one knew who had done it so we suspected the criminal pilot. I was the first to realize the criminal pilot had survived when I saw him reappear, almost as though it was a scene in a movie. He came up from the ground in a very surreal/ghostly manner. In another scene I was having anxiety about accepting a position with NASA. I wasn't at all sure I was up to the task. I kept telling myself that I had to give myself time to learn the ropes and I had to maintain my confidence. I met a woman who had not been working there very long. She had names in blocks on a clipboard and some were scratched out. I realized that she was fairly new, not as new as me, learning and making mistakes also. I found that very reassuring. I went to my station, standing at a piece of computerized equipment. I remembered that Raina D worked for NASA and decided to call her and let her know that I was working there. We spoke for a little bit on the phone. After getting off the phone I knew she would tell Barry C about this and that might change his mind a little about me. I decided to go to lunch. I went and changed into shorts and sandals so I could exercise on my lunch break. Raina D showed up at my station and warned me. She asked me if it was okay to take my lunch break now. She told me they are very particular about things like this. There was a gentleman working at a station right next to me that she knew. I had not been introduced to him yet. She introduced us and told me that he is a great source of information and I should ask him any questions I have. As she was telling me this I was slipping on the sandals. I saw on other people going to lunch and I saw Raina D, in particular, meeting someone for lunch. I asked the gentleman about lunchtime, length, and the appropriateness of using that time for exercise.