I was working for this man in a store in the mall. I'm not sure what kind of store it was. maybe a pet store. The only animals that were there were a whale, a cow, and a goat. and later a calf. The store was a very contemporary decor with deep vivid colors. One color in particular that I remember is purple. There were also a few very long steps leading up to a main open area. That was the majority of the room. The only thing I remember being in here though was a large aquarium tank holding the whale. The whale was not the same size as it would be in waking life. It was approximately 5 feet long and its diameter was slightly smaller than my own. I was very concerned about the whale. I kept adding water to the tank and the whale kept getting out and I kept putting it back in. I had put the whale is something similar to a pillowcase because I thought that would be better for it. Later the owner told me that the whale was dying and there was nothing we could do to save it so I took it out of the pillowcase. The whale just lay in the water from that point on. We realized that the goat and cow had gotten loose and gone out into the mall. There was another young woman and a young man that worked there. The goat came right back but the young woman and I were going out into the mall to look for the cow. There was another woman there, I believe she was the lover of the storeowner. She was going to go to the left in the mall looking for the cow and the other girl and I were going to the right. Before the two of us left, however, I suggested we call mall security and see if anyone had called a reported the cow on the loose. I have a sense that I didn't like the owner's lover very much so I didn't care if she was out searching the mall needlessly. We did get the cow back from security. Then we realized that there was a calf missing so the female employee I was with was going out into the mall in the other direction and search for the calf. There had been some joking around about me going to bed with the owner. I was teasing him that he had never been with anyone like me, no one else would measure up after, etc. He had an apartment above the store. I went up there once and saw him in bed with the other female employee. I don't know how I knew it but he was one to sleep with a lot of different woman for no reason other than sex. The cow was dying also so we let the cow and whale lay together to comfort each other until they died. I went upstairs to talk to the owner about the animals dying. I was very sad and saw that he was too. We were especially sad that the whale was dying. I asked if there was anything I could do for him. He said he would just like me to lay and cuddle with him to give him comfort. I thought that would give me comfort as well so I agreed. But things progressed as he teased me a little bit. Unfortunately, it didn't stop there and we ended up making love. But it really was that, not just having sex. It was incredible. He had undressed and then I undressed while he watched. I was wearing black lingerie. The one female employee came up and saw us in bed together and was very upset. He called me later and told me he was done with other women. That he was very surprised because he had given up hope of finding his soulmate but he knew he had found that in me. I felt the same way. The other female employee and the male employee were both upset when they learned that we had made love. The male employee was jealous and hurt that I chose the owner instead of him. The owner and I ended up getting married. I came downstairs. We closed the store and locked the door. Someone was knocking at the door and I couldn't see who it was. So I put the chain on so I could open it safely and see who it was. It was something about the goat or the calf. We decided to change the store, I think into a restaurant. The next time I went upstairs to the apartment he had completed remodeled it. It was fairly contemporary in decor. probably not what I would choose in waking life. but I loved it in the dream. The floors were all hardwood. It was one huge open space. The bedroom was upstairs in an open loft area with a winding staircase leading up to it. There were several area rugs on the floor. I was looking for the stereo. I wanted to put some music on so we could dance. A doctor came to the apartment because I was having some type of physical problem. I was observing the doctor my husband and myself. I was talking about how I looked. re: the medical problem. The doctor had me bend over towards my toes and she was looking at my face. My husband came down from the bedroom are. We were talking a little about money. It had something to do with a $1,000. He said, It's no big deal. We'll spend what we need to spend and if we run out we'll just get more.