I moved back into the house on Lakeland Drive. With Darren but not to share a bedroom. I was thinking very intentionally about this. Even though we were going to be sharing this house I certainly wasn't going to share my bed. I did think, momentarily, about reconciliation, and thought immediately. Oh, NO! NO WAY! Then I wondered why such a thought would even occur to me because it just repulses me to consider that. We bought it from Margie D and Dennis D, initially. They said they were moving and I said, maybe I should buy it from you. After I moved in it seems that there was someone else involved. I noticed that the paint in some of the rooms was still the same color as when I had owned it previously. There was a listing in the paper for the house and it said two bedrooms and a loft. I laughed that they called the third bedroom a loft because it was no different than the other two rooms. It was a one-story house. In the one room, all the walls were kind of like sponge painted. I looked up and they had done the ceiling too. I realized they had done it to look like clouds. I thought maybe I could leave the ceiling like that. Then I noticed that on the ceiling they had used stuffed animals. One of the stuffed animals was a Teddy Bear. On the walls they had made the white parts look like butterflies. In one room they had a big splotch of paint. In one room there was a framed picture attached to the middle of the ceiling. In another room there were two things attached to the ceiling, not necessarily in the middle and not aligned but a seemingly random placement. They were abstract in design but after studying them I realized they said LE1. I didn't know what this was and then someone brought a bottle of men's cologne in. It was called LE1. A man sprayed it all over himself and we still couldn't smell it. I said I hadn't heard of it before. Audrey T and Karen Mc were there. Audrey T had done something and she was embarrassed. I hugged her head and kissed her on the head and told her I loved her. The third room I was making my office. It's like I was sharing it with Karen Mc. There were several windows in that room. I was excited to get that room just the way I wanted it. It was spacious. not like in waking life. Someone had moved all the furniture in without me guiding them. I was anxious to begin moving the furniture around. I told Karen Mc and someone else how I was going to set up my desk and credenza by the window. But I was going to set up the desk so it was coming out from the wall into the center of the room. Probably have my computer facing the window. Karen Mc said she figured I would do that and since it was my house she couldn't really say anything. I said, well, maybe we can have your sewing machine by the other window.