I was trying to track down Vince P. I somehow knew about a DDSI meeting. I drove part of the way but then I was walking through this office complex. several different office buildings. I found the DDSI meeting. I was sitting at a round table with 8-9 people. Jeannette T and Marcia N were there. I thought, oh, they do both still work for WDF. I recalled that I had thought about contacting Marcia N for a job before but now see that she is still happily working for WDF. I also noticed that they did not present themselves as they used to. They used to be very particular about their appearance regarding make-up, hair and clothing. At this meeting they appeared somewhat unkempt; no make-up and their hair kind of messy. Marlene F was there. I was surprised that she was there. I decided that she had perhaps bought a franchise in FWI. Later, at the meeting I think, they were doing something and talking about something in a treasure chest. Vince P and someone else wheeled in this very large gold square box that was supposed to be a treasure chest. Vince P was pulling it into the room by a rope. It was about 4 feet high and 4 feet square. Now it seemed as though I was sitting with Patti C and the treasure chest is small and sitting on the table in front of us. We are looking at the contents. It is all bags of candy. We realized that each kind of candy represented a different award so we were counting each kind of candy to determine how many of each award there was. The only kind I remember is Jelly Beans and that was the one there was the most of. One of the franchise owners was standing up talking to Vince P and Joanne N. I think they were recognizing what they had done for the franchise owners. She was pulling out these little toy figures, about two inches tall. They had been buried under the bags of candy. Each different figure under a separate kind of candy. When I realized this I tried to put the candy back exactly how I had found it. I went into the DDSI office and was looking for people I know, just to say hello. I realized that Joanne N was the only one there that I knew, but I decided to go ahead and say hello. I walked into this office building lobby and there were these three unusual people. I don't know how to describe them. It was an older couple, that resembled gnomes, but they were the size of normal people. Their cart was being pulled by a man-like animal. I have no idea how to describe that better.