I had been on the phone with Doctor Pf's office. He had gotten a call from a patient who was insisting he do surgery and Doctor Pf said he wasn't a surgeon and he didn't agree with the decision to have the surgery anyway. But he said if he was going to do the surgery he had to have someone assisting him. The surgery was going to be on a little boy and the mother was being very adamant because without surgery the child could die. So I had called Doctor C to see if he would do it. It was 4:30 am when I called and he was very pleasant to talk to for that time of morning and for receiving a call at home. He said no problem. He found out from me who the patient was and where to go and then said he would be there. Later I drove to his house and I was going to spend the night there, but it was later that morning. I got there just as he was getting ready to leave. We chatted very briefly and then he kissed me on the lips and left. I was quite surprised by that, that he did that. I stayed at the house while he left to go do this surgery. I heard Sara C coming so I grabbed a blanket and lay down on the floor behind the sofa and pretended to be asleep. The sofa didn't sit next to a wall. She knelt on the sofa and looked over and saw me lying there. She said something to me and I pretended to be half-asleep. I said I was laying here reading and I fell asleep so I just stayed here. She insisted that I get up and lay on the sofa. She was on her way out. I watched her leave and was thinking that Sara C just didn't seem like the type of woman Doctor C would be married to. They appeared to be an odd couple. Although, Sara C in the dream did not look at all like Sara C in waking life. After Sara C left the boys came down, they were maybe 5-7 years younger than in waking life. It was Jeff C and Ben C although Ben C said that was not his name. I don't remember now what he said it was. It was about time for me to get up already and I had just gotten to sleep. The boys stayed there and wanted to talk and play. So I did. I talked to them and gave them a lot of attention. I realized then that I had to get ready and get to work. I had seen a shower on wheels at the bottom of the driveway. I went out and pushed it to the top of the driveway and it rolled off the edge of the driveway and into the grass. I thought that was probably too far so I pulled it back out of the grass. I was trying to figure out a way to use it so no one would see me naked. It looked like a bathtub with two walls on the ends but nothing on either side. The walls on the ends were not very wide and got narrower towards the top. I realized if I turned it one way the neighbors would see me and if I turned it the other way the cars driving by would see me. I realized that I didn't bring my shampoo and stuff with me so I was going to go back in the house to get it. At that point I saw the shower wasn't even in Doctor C's driveway but in someone else's. So I walked back into the house and I asked someone which shower I should use. They said they didn't have a shower in the house. They said there was supposed to be one in one room but Doctor C made it into his poolroom and so there wasn't one in there I could use. I really wanted to take a shower and get cleaned up before I went to work. I asked someone if I could see the house. There were quite a few people around and they weren't sure if they should let me see the house. I said I was sure it was okay because I worked for Doctor C and he and I had a very good relationship and he had invited me to see the house previously and I hadn't been able to make it. They finally agreed. This house was just incredible. Much of it had an almost sci-fi appearance to it. Contemporary! Cool! Unusual! Yet some rooms were fairly traditional. There is no way I can come close to describing this accurately. The office was fairly traditional. Very large room with lots of dark wood. Very masculine in appearance. Then we started to go into this other room. It was as if the walls had different levels to them, almost like upside down stair steps. But they kept moving. As you tried to enter an area the wall would come down and block you. I tried to get down and crawl under but didn't make it that way either. Someone said you had to push a button to stop them so you could get in. This was Doctor C's own private room and he did that so that other people couldn't get in. I finally found one of the buttons and pushed it and then saw a red door. So I held the button while I got as close to the door as I could and then made a dash for the door. I got through. I don't even remember now what was in this room. We were going from one room to another and we had to get in this monorail type of transport. The house looked like it was a city block in size and it seemed to be located in an area similar to Las Vegas. A lot of neon lights. As we were riding we were outdoors and I could see his house was hidden by lots of trees and greenery. We were going up to the 7th floor and there was a section of wall that was octagon shaped. On each section of the octagon was an elevator door and the octagon was going around in a circle. So you had to try to push the button while it was going around. I finally did. Several of the other people got in the elevator and I couldn't get in quick enough, so myself and another person got in another one that opened. Someone said room 7 to get the elevator to take us where we wanted to go instead of pushing a button on the inside. The elevator itself was shaped kind of like a space module that astronauts return to earth in. And it didn't go up and down but it went sideways and at angles. At another point we were in, maybe his playroom. He was there and not dressed at all like he would normally dress. He kissed me again and this time it was more passionate. He started to pull my blouse up and I stopped him and said no we can't do that. Things still progressed a bit. We did end up making love. Then all of a sudden I wasn't with him again and we were looking at some other rooms in the house. The ninth floor I believe. There was a big open area of marble floor and marble steps, green I think. It was a huge area and I thought this is just such a huge house. The steps here were a half circle, very wide, and fairly tall. I thought, no wonder it takes him so long to answer the door or to go from one room to another. I remember going up the steps but I don't remember where they led. There was another place in the house similar to that. I was spending time with his boys and we were playing and laughing and having a good time. They were really enjoying being with me and the attention. It was time for me to go and I wanted to hurry and leave before Doctor C saw me. So the boys were trying to help me get my things together and out to the car. As I was almost at the car, Doctor C came out.