I woke up, in the dream, not from the dream - and got out of bed and went into the hall and noticed that Matthew's room was full of people, wall-to-wall. They were in there to watch a PHS event from the window. PHS was right across the street. Their practice football field was right outside our window. They were watching the band practice. The band was in uniform. Apparently maintenance had left my front door open so people were just coming in and sitting in Matthew's room watching the band practice. I thought, How dare they just come in here and do this. A little girl wanted something to drink. I didn't want to encourage this so I decided to take her across the street to get a drink of water. It was like we lived on a city street. She didn't like it that I did that. She was about 3 years old. I brought her back to her mother and went downstairs to the kitchen and these two young girls came in and asked if they could have some more of my chocolate chip ice cream. They were already eating some. They had taken it and put it on cookies. I thought, how dare they just help themselves to the food in my kitchen, too. I just thought that the next time I am just going to have to make sure that my door stays shut and locked so people can't come in like that. I was talking to some woman. I think she was a sister. We were talking about some place that I wanted to get a job. I said, well, it's on the same block as PHS. She acted like she either didn't know what I was talking about or didn't believe me. So I pointed out through the window. PHS looked like a city school. It was a several story, red brick building. I pointed just past it, a couple of buildings down. I said see it's that one. She said oh yes. I said, see, it's in the same block as PHS. She said yes, yes. Later she was packing all of her things and telling me that she just took a new job there. I thought, Well. How strange is that? I just got done telling her that I was trying to get a job there and now she is telling me that she has a job there. I wondered if it was the same job or maybe it would work in my benefit. Since I knew her maybe she could help me get that job.