I went to visit BJ in this new place that she was working. It might have been a school or college. It was an old building in disrepair. She was showing us around the building. I saw her poke her finger in a hole in the wall just noticing it I suppose. She was taking us somewhere. I think Bev was with some other women and me. We were going down steps and then all of a sudden we were going up steps. I noticed that she was smoking and I said something to her about that. She said, well, if you had been through some of the things that I have you would too. I responded, did I? I was insinuating that I did not start smoking as a result of any of my life tribulations. However, I was also thinking that I was being a bit dishonest because I did smoke for about three months after my divorce but no one knows that. When we were going up the steps, at the top of each flight we had to climb over a rail to get to the next flight. It was a little difficult to do. On one of them I saw another woman get over more easily and I was trying to figure out how she did that. It looked as if she just stepped down on the rail and then stepped over it. Later we were waiting to use the bathroom but there was only one. I thought I had seen another one so I went around a corner to check but there wasn't one. There were some people working in that room and another young woman that told me she was in hell year. I asked her what that meant and she said it meant she was a senior. She said it had taken her so long to get to her senior year. I told her it would be great and she should appreciate her final year. I went back out and I don't think I ever did get to use the bathroom. We went into a very large meeting or banquet room for a gathering. It was all open, no chairs or tables around. It was Christmas time. Someone was sitting with a large bag, kind of like the type you see in the Christmas movies being used by Santa. She was emptying it onto the floor. It was full of shower sandals. They were all black and the straps were glittery gold. I think there may have been some presents in it. A man drove a little tractor and trailers into the room. The trailers were full of presents. Several of us ran up to him right away but we had to move so he could get close to the tree. We were taking the presents off of the trailers and putting them under the tree and watching for the one with our own name on it. I remembered that we had submitted a list of things we would like so we would get something specific that we wanted. I noticed two toy typewriters for two of the little girls. I thought it was kind of neat that they asked for the same thing. BJ's gifts were oversized document frames with no glass in them. One of them had fallen apart and I thought that was pretty typical for document frames since they are so flimsy. there were these really huge frames with no glass in them. They were maybe 8 ft by 8 ft. They weren't wrapped. I was trying to pick them up but couldn't. I realized I couldn't because there were two men standing inside of them. One of them noticed me and stepped outside the frame but the other man didn't. I wasn't close enough to him to get his attention. I kept trying to pull the frame so it would rub against him, which it did. He kept noticing but he wouldn't move. The program had now started I guess. Finally someone else nudged him and pointed out that he was standing inside the frames and they helped me lift the frames from around him. When we were sitting the wrapped presents around the tree I was trying to set them so they looked nice. Some others were just stacking them on the floor. This annoyed me and then I realized that it wasn't worth being irritated over.