I was in this big dining hall. There was kind of like a Christmas party going on. Maybe for WDF or for DDSI. There were all these Christmas aprons hanging from wires above my head. They had the wires stretched from wall-to-wall. The aprons had various Christmas designs on them. I thought I should get one because I had intended to start wearing an apron in the kitchen. As I was walking around the room, there were tables displaying things that people had made. The things that I remember most were drink pitchers with matching glasses. They had painted designs on them. I was in a car with John Mu and Terri S from KTC. I don't know where we were headed but John was driving. We were seeing Halloween decorations at different places. As we went through underpasses, we saw that someone had put up giant Jack-0-Lanterns. This is next to impossible for me to describe. The best I can, is to say that where there were open spaces the Jack-O-Lanterns showed through. There were umbrellas and very unusual decorations. We stopped at one house and I don't know why. There were two young boys who lived there. They had built something they called an elevator out of wood. They had a rope that you pulled to lift yourself to the second floor. Right outside on the second floor was a patio door. Terri S said she was going to play with the boys, go outside, and use the elevator. The boys noticed her right away, came out, and asked what she was doing using their elevator. She came back down. The boys said something to their parents about someone using their elevator. She got back in the car and we left. I was debating with someone over whether or not to wear these gloves. I was at a theater. We were getting ready to produce a play. I was not supposed to be in the play. I don't know what my role was. At first, it seemed like we were doing a play of My Fair Lady. Later it seemed like we were doing a children's play like Barbie. It seemed to change several times throughout the dream. I don't remember what it ended up being. I spent a lot of time with the male producer/director back stage. Something like a hand vacuum was broken and he was trying to fix it, though he was unsuccessful. He was using a very small hammer. I took the hammer from him and told him to let me help. I decided I needed a larger hammer so we were looking for one. I finally found one and I fixed it. He was grateful for that. We started talking about very common things that I experience, but he had never had. Things like chips and salsa. He was very wealthy and just had not experienced very ordinary things. Over the course of us working together, he fell in love with me and he asked me to marry him. I said yes. We didn't tell anyone at first. The backstage area really sticks in my mind. There was clutter everywhere. At one place, you had to step down into another area. You stepped onto a floor of car batteries. There were two different levels of batteries. You had to walk on them instead of the floor. You couldn't even see the floor. He was waiting to tell the cast and crew about our engagement. It somehow got out but I don't know how unless he told someone. Most of the crew and cast were very happy for us. I was talking to someone about jobs and trying to find jobs that we really love. I said that I had been in school plays and that I really loved doing that. This is true in waking life but I would not imagine myself doing that full-time in waking life. She was encouraging me to pursue that as my full-time job. I had been thinking that was watching the other actors perform, that I should have been behind them practicing and learning the moves. I thought that would have been a good move for me, but I didn't do it. The play was a musical with a lot of dancing. I thought I could have learned the moves if I had practiced with them instead of just sitting and watching. I could have done this. Later the word got around to the whole cast about our engagement. One of the main female cast members was attracted to him, very upset about this, and intended to make sure it did not happen. It was almost as though I was watching a film. I wasn't with her or overhearing her, but watching her talk and interact with other cast members. Her and these other women were all dressed in costumes that remind me of My Fair Lady. Later, another woman, not in the cast, shows up and is talking to him. Again, it is not as if I am there watching, but I am seeing it. This woman is talking to him as though they are in a relationship and nothing has happened. He is very cool towards her and she doesn't understand why. I'm talking to this little girl. I asked her name and she said Annie H. I told her that is one of my favorite names because my middle name is Anna and my favorite Uncle used to call me Annie. I told her some about Uncle A. She said she was very happy that this man and I are going to marry. I don't know who she was, maybe a member of the cast. Several times he and I kissed. Usually, very long and passionate kisses. One time it was right in front of other cast members. That must have been when they found out. This news caused so much trouble with the cast that I think he backed off and I can't remember if he actually changed his mind. He was going through a lot of turmoil about whether to marry me or not.