I was the owner of a large styling salon. A salesman came in to demonstrate and try to sell me a vacuum. It was a very powerful machine. I tried it out by vacuuming the entire salon. I used the attachments and vacuumed hair from around the baseboards. I accidentally moved the attachment right by a client's face and the stylist insinuated that the vacuum removed her facial hair from that side of her face by complimenting the client on how beautiful her skin was. I looked and noticed that she had facial hair on the other side of her face. I didn't do or say anything else about it. I finally told the salesman that I was going to be working on budgetary items during the coming week so I would be able to give him my decision then. I wanted the vacuum but I also think I was trying to give him an excuse rather than saying no to him at that point. My husband owned an auto and appliance repair business right next door to my salon. I went and talked to him about my intentions with budget and that I was considering some business changes that would improve both sales and profits and allow the stylists to make more money as well. I found out that my stylists rarely get any tips. I suggested that we should put a little sticker on the corner of each of their mirrors that says Tips are appreciated as this is an important part of our stylists income. When I first started talking to my stylists about some of the changes I was going to make all but 2 or 3 of them got up and quit. Eventually they all came back. I think as they spoke with the ones who stayed about the changes they became convinced that it would be a very good thing. My husband wasn't very supportive but he didn't stand in my way either. He didn't want me to do anything with his business though. I did suggest that they put up a basketball goal on the corner of his lot so the employees could relax a little on their breaks by shooting hoops. I also thought this was something that the employees wanted. I don't know if it actually happened or not. there was some kind of an evil person trying to sabotage my business. I don't remember much about this part. I did find out later that he was connected to my husband. as though my husband was behind it. I managed to get rid of this person though and the changes were being very successful. The stylists were dressing much nicer when they came to work. They were much happier, getting nice tips, and the clients were very happy with the changes. There was one stylist that was the hardest to win over. She had studied clinical counseling but then decided to become a stylist instead. She took care of her clients in a private room so they could speak privately with her while she took care of them. She wasn't acting in an official counseling capacity but used her knowledge to help them while she was taking care of their styling needs. She combined them in a manner as to not put herself or us in any kind of legal jeopardy. She was very happy when I encouraged this and gave her a private room so she could do so more effectively. Her clients were especially pleased with her. They had something to do with an airline or flights. There was a person that looked like or was dressed like an angel or a fairy, with sparkling wings that fell gently from the sky. She landed, or her wings became caught, on something like bleachers. This is where I found her and freed her. She was somehow connected to my husband and this evil person that I had to deal with earlier. Maybe she was a distraction. 