I'm at the Holiday Inn at MI. I check in at the front desk. I go to get on the elevator. I had a garbage bag of clothes to be donated to Goodwill or someplace. As I was standing there waiting for the elevator two men come and stand right in front of me for the elevator. One of them has a cart and the other has a trash bag larger than mine. I told them, you know if there isn't room on the elevator after you two get on that I will be mad at you. They kind of stepped to the side and the elevator opened so I went in first. Then we don't have our trash bags anymore but there are quite a few people on the elevator. The elevator car is pretty full. It starts making noises. It is kind of jerky and moves side-to-side. Everyone is pretty nervous. I was thinking, I want to get out of here. I need to get out of here. We are headed to the 6th floor. It doesn't stop and it goes back down again. I get off at the second floor thinking that. I don't know if I didn't realize that I was not on the 5th floor. I started walking to find my room. There were several large businesses having meetings out in this open area instead of in meeting rooms. I had to walk by them to get to my room. I'm looking at them trying to figure out what the companies were. I realized one of them is LRJ. I saw Carol H. She saw me and calls out to me, then comes over to where I am standing. We say hello and hug and chat a little bit. She looks a little different, like she had gained a little weight and she was wearing glasses. We had a nice chat and she said she had to get back to her meeting. I need to go find my room so I walked away. I am trying to find my room and I realize I don't remember my room number, I don't have my key with me and I don't have my luggage. I asked someone where 650 or 620 are. They tell me I am on the second floor. That is when I realized I am not on the right floor. I had to walk past these meetings again. There is very little room to walk through. There are people sitting at the ends of the table but not up next to the table. So I had to walk between them and the table. I keep walking. One of the groups is having a sit-down dinner. At two of these tables the women are having mashed potatoes and gravy. They put potatoes right on the tablecloth instead of on a plate. I was wearing a white suit. As I walk between these women and the tables to squeeze through I get their mashed potatoes and gravy on my suit. They don't seem to care and don't apologize. One said, well, you can get that out with a little soap and water. I was nice and polite and said, Yes, I can. I went on. I get back to the elevator and really don't want to get back on because I was so scared the last time. There are other people standing there waiting also. There is a row of four elevators. Two of the elevators are standing open but there is camera equipment standing in the open. As the doors try to close they close on this equipment so they can't close all the way. The next things we see are the doors moving side to side. I started thinking Oh no. Here we go again. At first I thought maybe if I got on another elevator it would be okay but I now realize that all four of them have the same problem. I don't remember getting back on or off the elevator. I see Kendall B standing and talking to a group of people. I'm standing there looking for a little bit wondering if it is really him, because he looks a little different. His hair is a little fuller and has streaks of gray. After he finishes speaking he walks up to me and I introduce myself. He said it was nice to meet me. Then another man walks up and introduces me. At that point I realize this is his life partner. I'm talking to the two of them and quite a few children kept coming up to us. I realized it is their children. There were approximately 8-10 of different ages. His partner asked me what I do and I wasn't sure how to answer that because of my unemployment. I talked a little about my dreamwork. I told Kendall B that I had some communication with Doctor Du about the sleep positions so we talked some about that. Then Kendall B was telling me that they were there doing some work and he had to hire someone to help him. He said if I had known that I lived so close by he would have called me. I said that would have been wonderful. I was really disappointed that he hadn't contacted me. His children were doing something with videos and stuff. They were talking about going to their rooms and have TV dinners in their room. There were boxes that looked like they had about 10 videos to a box. Kendall B said, That's what we have to do. I looked at him quizzically because I didn't know what he meant. I asked, What do you have to do? He said, You don't know? I said, No, I don't. Please try to be kind when you answer me, so I don't feel even more stupid for not knowing. I don't think he or his partner either one answered me. The boxes were kind of flat and two rows of five movies each. We are outside. One of their children is reaching through a fence and trying to kill a rabbit. I said Oh no. Please don't do that. I said I have a pet rabbit at home and I would really hate to see you hurt one. So they stopped. Then this rabbit caught another animal, a smaller animal. I thought he was going to kill it to eat it. The rabbit got the animal in a position to where he could bite it in the neck and it died. I hated seeing that. I don't like to see any creature killed and I certainly don't want to witness it. Kendall B or his partner were saying, that's the cycle of nature, trying to make me feel better. Then there was a male on the other side of the fence trying to kill a rabbit. I got upset again. I thought, Please don't do that. He had already killed one but he did let that one go. I said, that kind of looks like Sir Gallahad except those have more white on them. Sir Gallahad is a Mini-Rex and his coat is really soft like chinchilla.