I was with Karyn L. I was in the car with her. We were on the way to pick up Carmen A and to catch a plane with the rest of our classmates to Australia. We were driving and we turned left on this street and we knew we had to turn left again. Karyn L said, This is where I always get confused. I never know exactly where to turn. She turned where her and I both thought she was supposed to. There was a car parked there. I thought there was enough room to get through. Either she didn't think there was enough room or there may have been some bars there. I was sure that was the way so she told me to go ahead and check. But it was raining. I didn't worry about that because most of where I would be walking was under cover. As I was walking I realized that there was another way that I thought she could get through. When I get through and turned around and looked I realized that it was the right place. I don't know how Karyn L ever actually got through there. We didn't just pick Carmen A up. We were in a theater. Carmen A was there with some other people. It seems that maybe some of our classmates were there. Someone was talking to us about our trip. I eventually went down to the front to sit. There were knee-deep piles of popcorn all over the place so I was eating some of the popcorn. Some of it had a lot more butter on it than others so I was reaching for that. There was an activity that we were supposed to participate in. just like a fun exercise. I don't remember what it was or what happened. Then, Daniel R showed up. He and I talked for a little bit. It was as though nothing had happened and no time had passed. I took him to introduce him to Karyn L and Mary Kay C and someone else. I was disappointed because they said hello and not much more. Karyn L got up and walked away. I was upset with Karyn L, when she met Daniel R, that she didn't grill him more or ask more questions or anything like that. I stood there and talked to him more. We walked away and continued to talk. I realized that my class was either practicing or participating in some activity on stage. I think they were practicing so I ran behind stage quick because I realized I was supposed to be there. Carmen A had on an aqua blue dress. It had an apron. She was like a waitress. Another woman yanked an apron off of her. She had two on, one on top of the other. She gave the extra to me along with a cup and a sugar jar like you would see in a diner. I set the sugar jar and the cup down while I was trying to put on my apron. I realized that my apron didn't fit well. I had to tie it around my waist and the ties weren't quite long enough. By the time I got ready the number, practice, whatever was done. We had ordered dinner to take with us. While I was waiting for this I started talking to Daniel R again. He was saying that he was going to be getting an apartment here in Indy and maybe looking for a roommate and only a female and only if it was a relationship. I think he was hinting around about it being me. I just thought that there was no way I wanted to do that again. Even being with him there was no way I wanted to be intimate with him. I was thinking that the last time I saw him he was saying the same thing. He just disappeared for a year and now he just shows up again. I was trying to pin something to my collar while I was listening to Daniel R talk to me. All of a sudden I realize that I need to go. I grab my food and run and try to catch the others. I'm not finding them. I don't remember if they left without me or if I just need to catch up with them. We had actually flown to Australia, done part of what we were supposed to do and flown back. We had less than a day and then we had to get on the plane and go again. I was thinking that if I hadn't been standing there talking to Daniel R and futzing with my collar I wouldn't have missed them. I had really mixed feelings about him being there again. There was a part of me that wanted him to stay around with me and another part that just wanted to tell him to go away and leave me alone and never come back.