I had gone to a morning OD meeting at a restaurant. There weren't very many people there and it wasn't structured. People were getting up and walking into the kitchen. Some were just walking around. We were the only ones in the restaurant. I talked primarily to one gentleman. I was trying to get something useful from this meeting. He was talking about OI. In waking life I have no idea if there is even such a thing. It seemed as though it was industrial OD. I was asking him if he thought that was a good area for me to pursue. I kept stressing that I what I want most to do is use my training/lecturing and writing skills. The whole meeting seemed very unhelpful. I left there and went to the anniversary party. I got there late, in time for the reception. I missed the mass because it had started earlier than I thought. I was aggravated with BJ because she didn't tell me what time I needed to be there. I wondered if people got videos of the Mass so I could at least see that. They were taking lots of pictures. One thing that was particularly unusual is that there was a corner curio cabinet with glass shelves. There was a space in the back of the cabinet between the back of the shelves and the back of the cabinet. They were having people sit in the cabinet in this space. They were taking pictures of each person in attendance in this cabinet and they were putting things on the shelves that represented each person. They were thinking about what to put on the shelves to take my picture. There were some barbecued chicken wings that I was eating. Bob F asked me how they were. I was nice and said they were good. I thought the sauce was good but that if had bought the chicken at another store they would have been juicier or more tender and with more meat on them. There was one table that members of the Harris family were sitting at. They had a very large tray and they had made high piles of desserts on it like cake and brownies. They had filled it full of things they were going to take home with them. I was taking the slices of cake off looking for something but then putting them back on. Linda W said that was fine as long as I didn't mess up their cake. Kim H went to the microphone. This was a dream within a dream. At the end of the dream I was with my siblings telling them I had this dream and that we could use it to see what things happened that we didn't like and what things we did that we especially liked but maybe weren't planning.