I was on GC campus but with my CIIS classmates. I was talking to Terri O, asking her what to do about my class with Elisabeth K. She didn't answer me. She had some notes in a notebook that she had me copy down. I asked her if she was going to be putting it on-line and she said no and looked at me funny. I said, I'm sorry. I only asked because I thought you had previously. I was having trouble reading her writing but went ahead and started copying it. We were all sitting around waiting to leave to go home. There were two men that I was talking to. Something came up about chicken mcnuggets and they didn't know what they were. I was trying to explain it to them and I saw some sitting there. So I picked one up and took a bite out of it. As soon as I did I realized that was nasty because I didn't know who they belonged to or ho long they had been sitting there. Bonnie K was standing there at a counter next to me. I was cleaning up and putting plastic forks and spoons where they belonged and throwing some trash away. Just generally cleaning up a little bit. Then I heard we were having a burn drill. Half the people were gone already but we still went outside and had it. There was a big dip over to a high area of grass. Instead of going down and back up I just jumped across and barely made it. Where we were supposed to congregate we were supposed to form a circle but people wouldn't spread out very well. Where I was standing it was very crowded so it wasn't a single circle of people, but rather some of us were bunched up. I don't know what a burn drill is. We were supposed to sing a song. One half of the circle was supposed to sing first and then the other half was supposed to sing it. Carmen A was standing next to me and looked at me kind of funny. I don't know what that was about. Then we went back into the building. The CIIS staff was packing up and getting ready to go. They had tons of boxes of stuff sitting around all over. I made a comment that the hard part comes now, packing all that stuff up and getting back. They said they just had to take it to the basement, but, yes it wasn't a pleasant part of the job. Then Matt O walked up and I hardly recognized him. I said something to him about being dressed up. He had on a sports jacket and a tie. His sports jacket was kind of royal blue and he was wearing his glasses. But he was also wearing a toupee. black hair. that covered his whole head. I told him he looked really nice. We were talking out together. I was carrying or pulling my bags but he had a four-wheel cart full of stuff. We were walking out to catch the plane. He was teasing me about some other man wanting me. I looked at him and laughed. I put my hand on his arm and said, oh, do you Matthew? He said, Yes. I do. He kind of laughed. I apologized and said I just couldn't resist. That it was just a perfect set up. He said, no problem. Then I realized that I didn't know why he was walking with us because he was driving back to LA rather than flying with the rest of us.