Cindy S was dead. For some reason we had to exhume her body and there was someone else that we had to bury. I think we were going to bury this other person, maybe, right next to where she was buried. We didn't want to do it at the same time because we didn't want to impose on the S's while they were exhuming Cindy S's body. We talked to one of the S boys to make sure that wasn't going to be a problem. They assured us that it wasn't. Steve S was her brother. [but he was her cousin in waking life] I think Paul S was also her brother. [Paul S was also a cousin in waking life and deceased]. Maybe Tim S and Don St, though they are cousins also. In waking life, Steve S, Paul S, Don St and Tim S are all brothers. When they exhumed the body it wasn't in a casket but was wrapped in. It almost looked like aluminum foil but it was much larger than if the body was just wrapped in foil. It was like there were a lot of layers. I can't really explain it. I also don't know who the other body was that we were burying. Cindy S was alive again. Then she was dead again and they reburied her. After they reburied her I was wearing a necklace of hers. I don't know if she had given it to me or how I got it or why I was wearing it. Her father, not her waking life father, came in to church and sat down next to me because he had not been able to be present at the time that they exhumed the body and then reburied her because he had to be at a business meeting. I showed him the necklace to reassure him that it was her and that she was doing well and tried to give him some comfort. I thought how sad it was that on such an occasion that he could not be present because of a business meeting. We were back at the cemetery and I was picking up these sticks. In diameter they were the size of a pencil but they were much longer. On the end they had a kind of crook on them and they were light green. I was picking them up and sticking them in the ground at each gravesite that something had to be done to them. I was trying to find these open, vertical pipes or something so I could put the stick down into the pipe. I did four in a row. It was to mark the graves for something that had to be done later. Some of the graves had folded lawn chairs sitting up against the tombstones. People would come and sit there at the grave of their loved ones. One of them was Uncle E. I was thinking that Aunt M probably goes and sits there quite often.