I was a very young girl. I think it was me. But I have a mixed sense of whether it was me or if I was observing. I needed to find a place to live and so this man gave me an apartment in his building. He was the landlord. But in exchange I had to be with these different men and I had to get pregnant and have a baby. At first I didn't seem to mind it but I think after the baby was born he would carry us upstairs several floors to his apartment and then he would throw us down a space between the flights of steps. There was space in-between the flights of steps that just went straight down to the bottom floor. You could see all the way down from the top floor to the bottom. He would knock us down in this space to kill the baby, even though he wanted me to get pregnant and have these babies for him. I was trying to escape. My father, who is in a band, was going to take me in. I went to this apartment with my father and his band and it turns out that they wanted the same thing from me, only with them. It started out that he asked specifically who I was supposed to be with. It just wasn't working but I didn't know why. I asked my mother if she thought it would be okay if I had sex with one of the band members instead. She talked to my father and he said it would be okay. [unknown] They started playing music. I was supposed to start being romantic and having sex with this man. I went up to the one band member that I was attracted to and I started flirting with him. He was the keyboardist. He quit playing and sat there and then we went out to a car. My father followed us. He opened the car door and was very angry. But he was angry because this band member was apparently impotent. I think my mother must have intervened and calmed him down and asked him to let me try anyway. There was all of this fine powdery snow inside the car, waist high to the band member that was sitting in the driver seat. So my father used his hand and was brushing the snow out of the car and then agreed to let me try and it worked. I think my father was doing the same thing as the other man. He was trying to kill either the band member or the baby afterwards by throwing them down the same space between the flights of steps. I think either I or someone else ended up throwing him down the space in-between the steps.