I was preparing for a party to celebrate receiving my certificate for a part of my program, not my Ph.D. I was living in this big fancy house. Reminds me somewhat of Tom G and Shirley J's old house except that it wasn't well decorated, not a lot of decorations. Obviously much different than my current home. All the doorknobs were___can't describe it. I'm getting ready for this party and worrying some about it because my whole family is coming for it and I don't know where I am going to put everyone. I wanted to hide something but someone convinced me to just let it out in the open and let people know that I'm not afraid. Mother and Daddy ended up bringing most of the food for this dinner. I was going to set up my card table and folding chairs and hope that somehow we would have enough room. People started arriving and I wasn't ready yet. For some reason I was feeling very angry and I couldn't identify why. I was very upset. I went to my bedroom to change and left everyone downstairs. I came back down because I heard a terrible scream and commotion. Nicholas F was running around in a panic. Bob F was trying to gather his other children and saying, we are going to the hospital now. They weren't planning on coming back. I gave him directions to Community North Hospital because it is the closest and they can get there very quickly. All of his children had been roller blading in the street in front of my house. Apparently, someone had rollerbladed over Nicholas F's hand and cut it very severely. Bev came up to my bedroom after I had returned there to try again to change my clothes. She talked to me a little bit. I apologized for how I had been talking earlier that day and told her that I had been in a really bad mood and not even sure why. I didn't tell her this but I was thinking that part of the reason for my mood was Nick R. I finished dressing and went downstairs. Everything was ready. The BBQ they had made. I had started making mashed potatoes and that was there. Dessert was there, etc. I had to go back upstairs for something and called downstairs to Bill F and asked him to get the folding table and chairs out of the coat closet. In the meantime, Bev, Mother and BJ were getting the food on the table. While I was upstairs I was talking to someone and asked if anyone had heard from BJ. Then I said oh, yeah, duh. She's here. Then I asked about the rest of her family. Todd A was the only one that was there. Nobody knew if the rest of her family was coming or not. So, we were ready to eat and I grabbed my lighter because I wanted to light a bunch of candles all over the house. I was trying to do that while other people were getting their food. Darren was there for some reason and he had invited his family. But they were all older black people. They were bothered by Bob F's children and the other children running around, playing, and creating a commotion. I was talking to Mother and Daddy about Darren and his family being there. I asked them if they thought we had enough food. It seemed to me that they were planning on eating. Daddy said we would just have to wait and see. Upstairs I was trying to light a candle on a little round table like I have in my bedroom in waking life. There was a leg missing on it or something that was preventing it from standing level and from standing on it's own. So I couldn't get the candle lit there. I had difficulty lighting some of the other candles as well.