I was preparing to fix myself a meal. I went to the freezer and decided that I should eat something that I have had in there for some time. In the process I found things I didn't realize were in there or things that I had forgotten were in there. I took a round, forest green tablecloth folded in half out to the front porch, deciding that I would eat out there for a change. It was a classic picnic table like you would see in a park. There was already a cranberry colored tablecloth on the table so I placed the green one, still folded, over part of one lengthwise side of the table so you could see both. I think I placed something else on the table too but I can't remember what it was. I went back inside and started rearranging the things in the refrigerator. Now I was working in a dorm-side refrigerator, finding all kinds of things. I thought, I keep forgetting this one is even here. I found things that we had put in that freezer, leftovers from my son's high school graduation party in June. There were two packages of hot dogs; each one had been opened so I combined them. There were ziplock bags of sliced cheese and crackers that I decided to put in the other refrigerator so I would remember to use them for my bedtime snack. There was a package of sausage. As I was moving things I found some very old lettuce in the back. I took it out and laid it aside to throw away. I also found an individual serving bottle of juice with no lid on it. There were a couple of things that were just a bite or two and I took them out thinking that I would just consume them now rather than keeping them and I wouldn't dare just throw them out. I took the juice bottle out to drink right away as well. As I was picking up the lettuce off the floor I put it in the sink to put in the garbage disposal. Now it was much more than when I took it out and there were other things as well. It filled one side of the sink. While I was doing this, there were three men sitting at my kitchen table. One of them was interviewing the other two about 911. They kept glancing at me and what I was doing. For some reason I also had tools and parts lying on the floor around me as though I was fixing the refrigerator as well. I realized I would have to move some of these things when they were ready to leave or they would not be able to get out. I did this as I saw them wrapping up and they got up to leave. The interviewer left and the other two stood there and talked with each other. The one started crying because the interviewer had given him such a hard time.