I was in bed listening to an audio book. Matthew came in and lay down behind me and put his arm around me. I took the headphones off and asked him if he was okay. I could hardly speak so I had to ask him three times. I don't know if he answered me. Then we were in a car driving to my parent's house. Matthew was younger now-maybe 12 or 13 years old. He was asleep in the car. As we approached my parent's house I realized we hadn't eaten yet so I decided to drive to Oldtown to get some fried chicken. Matthew woke up and was upset because I was going to do that. It was about 3 a.m. and I asked him if he wanted breakfast instead but he didn't answer me. I told him it wouldn't take long. I found my way even though I wasn't sure I remembered how to get there. It didn't take as long as it would have in waking life and the roads to get there were different than in waking life. The place to park came up on me quickly so I quickly diverted off the road into a roadside parking area. When I got out of the car Matthew was already out and had crossed the street to a house. It was dark but they had lights on. I saw the door open and saw my family, particularly daddy, sitting inside. I wondered whose house that was and why they were in there. I didn't even think about why Matthew went there or knew to go there. As I entered the house, Mother met me and started talking to me about people with ADD and how other people misunderstand them and misinterpret their words or actions and don't give them enough credit for how intelligent they are because of that. I wondered why she was telling me that and wondered if someone had told her about my having ADD. I was also still wondering who the house belonged to and had a sense that the family had gone together and bought this house for me to make up for things in my life. I quickly realized, however, that the house was BJ's new house and they were just moving in. Matthew and I went to the refrigerator and found some kind of green fruit juice. I had to kneel on the floor to get it and got dirt on my black pants. We then went in and sat in the living room. Jody S was talking about ADD like she was an expert on the subject. I realized she was quoting the audio book I had been listening to but she wasn't giving the author credit. I was upset and thought that wasn't right that she wasn't giving credit to the author. I finally stood up and walked a little bit and said Jody S, how do you do that? You just quoted the book I've been listening to. She looked at me like she didn't like what I had said. That was okay because I didn't like that she was passing this knowledge off as though it were her own or as though she knew these things from researching the topic. She just shrugged her shoulders and didn't say anything. I sat back down next to Matthew and then he started doing it. I jumped up and said basically the same thing to him. I was very upset that other people could remember this book verbatim.