I was working as a dream therapist, consulting clients. In this building there was a lot of construction or it was being majorly remodeled. I was in this room that was going to be my office and sitting area. There were several people sitting there waiting to see me. It started out with just one and then all of a sudden there were five sitting there waiting for me. None of them had an appointment. I came out and was trying to take care of them. Shirley H was standing there also, but I'm not sure why. I had a sense that Matt O. was there but I don't recall seeing him. I spoke briefly with Shirley H and then went to the five people who were waiting for me. I'm really sorry there are so many of you waiting for me, but since none of you have appointments, let's see what each of you need and see how we can take care of each of you. Three of them had computer questions, based on things that they had heard me say before, that they thought I would be able to help them with. One of them was trying to install a program and but it told her she needed higher walls. Another one was trying to install a program, I think it was maybe like Anytime, but every time she got to one point her program would shut off. Since Shirley H was standing there I asked her if she was busy or in the middle of something. I told her that these three people had computer questions that I couldn't answer and thought she might be able to. She said she would be happy to talk to them. So I sent three of them to her. I then went to another of the women was there. She said she was there to talk to me about a client she had referred to me. Neither of us could remember the woman's name. So I went to my computer. I knew who she meant and what day she was in. So I went to my appointment book. Somehow my computer showed me the picture of these people, sitting in my waiting room. I was trying to go into the actual appointment book part to look up her name. I was having all kinds of problems with the computer. I somehow couldn't get the mouse where I needed it to be. Someone said something to me and I turned and looked over my right shoulder and there was another computer. Somehow I was trying to use my computer using the mouse from that other computer station behind me and too the right. I said, I don't know what my mouse is doing back here anyway. So I picked it up and brought it back to my computer. I was still having problems and I called Shirley H and asked if she could help. I thought, I know what I'll do. I'll just reboot. About that time Shirley H reached from behind me and unplugged it. I said no, no, no. She had already unplugged it and plugged it back in, so it restarted. It turned out to be fine and it just took a little bit longer. I finally found the woman and her name was Linda Coland [unknown in waking life]. I asked this other woman if that is the person she was there to talk to me about and she said yes. I went over and sat on a footstool in front of her. She was a thin woman dressed in black or burgundy. She had shorter length black hair and glasses. She was very thin. Maybe my age or a bit younger. I think maybe Shirley H sat down with me too. She was there to follow up with me regarding this person she had referred to me. She asked me how my session with her was and what the follow up was. I just told her that my session went fine and that I had referred her to Doctor Bl. This woman was very upset by that. I apologized and told her that I thought that was the best thing I could do for Linda. I helped her as much as I could in our session. I asked her why that bothered her. She said, well, I wish you had referred her back to me. Well, I didn't even know who referred her to me, let alone know that it was a psychotherapist that had referred her to me. So, she kind of shrugged her shoulders and left, I think. Actually, I think I did that before the other people showed up and that's when I found out three of them had computer questions. The person that was left was Linda Coland. Before I could get to her, she walking around looking at my shelves of books in my waiting area. One of the construction workers came up to and asked me if I wanted a partial wall or anything in my office. I said by all means. I said, what I would really like is a full wall with a door. So, I went and was standing and talking to this Linda Coland. She climbed down from something and walked under a ladder to me. She said, I'm doing very well. I'm doing much better. I said, I'm so happy to hear that. Let's go into my office and sit down and talk. So she went ahead in and by then they had already put in this wall and two doors. I though I would pull the doors shut which I tried to do. There were these white, looked like logs, in the way. I tried to move them out of the way with my foot but they were too heavy. So I bent over and moved them out of the way with my hands. I pulled the doors shut but they wouldn't meet. There was a six-inch gap. I said, Oh, look at that. That's such a shame. That's alright, we'll just leave them like that for now. I went in and sat down to talk with her.