I was in Las Vegas. I got to my room and dropped off my things. I put on my teal wool suit and headed down to the casino. I was walking through the casino when I saw Diane S and her dad. I stopped and said hello. We were both very surprised to see each other. I asked her why she was there and she said for fun and vacation. I told her I was there for work. We chatted a little bit about Vegas and told her that I had been there just a year or so ago. She said her and her mom love to go out to the beach. I told her that the last time I was there I only got outside for an hour the whole time I was there because I was there for a conference. I didn't know if I was going to have time for fun this time either. I told her it was nice chatting with her but I needed to meet my colleagues. As I was walking through the casino I was walking through all of these different rooms. In each room there was a group of people celebrating a certain college. Each room was a different college and it was parents and family of these college students. As I was going through one of them, someone handed me a cake and asked me to carry it to housekeeping for them. I don't know why I said yes, but I did. I carried it for a little while and finally ran into someone that worked there and told them what happened. She took it from me. So then I went on, I was going to go back to my room and realized that I had forgotten my room number again. I said, now, this is ridiculous. I have had enough dreams where I have forgotten my room number, that I should be very careful about that when I come to a hotel. So, I went up to the front and I stood in line and I was going to ask them what my room number was. I also thought I didn't have my room number with me so I though I was going to have to ask housekeeping to go up with me and let me in. Then I found my key in my pocket. Obviously it had my room number on it. So I went to the bank of elevators and I just barely caught one. She pointed out what floor numbers is what and I said yes, this is the right one. But then as soon as the door closed and we started to move I realized that it wasn't the right one. It was another of these elevators that move side-to-side instead of up and down. It kind of rolled on these tracks outside of the building. When it stopped I got off. I realized I was in the wrong place but there were no other elevators there for me to get to my room. I was on this thing kind of like a bus but it was just an employee and me. She didn't know how to tell me to get to the elevator that I needed. She finally called someone to come and meet me. As I was waiting there, these tons of people, like a convention. they were all together. I was feeling very uncomfortable in this crowd of people. So I kept moving different places to try to find a good place to stand. Now I think I was driving. And now it seems that I am alone. I was talking to someone on a walkie-talkie. They were trying to give me directions. I was trying to turn around and I pulled up behind this police car. As I did I realized it was a female police office and she was starting to back up. Unfortunately, she didn't see me in time. And then I backed up and turned around and got out and was waiting for this person. I heard someone yelling my name. And so, I got around to her and she took me to the elevator that I needed.