I was at school, I think. I was sharing a bed with Father Nick and Bart H. Not intimately, just sleeping. Bart H slept in the middle. For some reason, one night they were in bed already and I tucked the sheets and blankets in all along my edge of the bed before getting in. I then was having a lot of difficulty getting under the blankets, while they just lay there and watched. Someone else came in the room and said something and then left. Later we were in the airport going home. Actually I think I was in my home airport but it didn't look like it, but several others that I was traveling with were there too, although they aren't from Indy. We were having trouble figuring out where we needed to go. All we kept seeing were restaurants and retail businesses. We went up some escalators and then back down. We finally found out that we needed to go to the ticket counter to get baggage claim tickets. We got in line. There were four of us. I was first in line. When it came my turn they all pushed their way in front of me. I was aggravated by that. At first the ticket counters were very high so you could barely see the people working behind them. When I finally did get to the counter I asked how that had happened and she didn't have an answer for me. While she was taking care of me a group of young girls clamored around the counter pushing me out of the way. Then I got upset again and said something. They felt I was getting upset for no reason but moved a little bit to allow me back to the counter. the counter was the height of a normal airline counter. I left the counter and headed for my car. Oddly I had just one small bag on a portable luggage carrier. I struggled a bit getting the carrier up the escalator. I was in a hurry so I was trying to walk up the escalator rather than just riding it up at it's own pace. I was following a man who was doing the same thing. It felt like someone behind me was watching me critically. It seems that there was more to this dream about steps and escalators but I don't remember the details. I went outside to find my car. It was dark and I couldn't remember where I parked. I wondered if I had written it down on something in my bag but for some reason I was stopping to look. I thought I was fortunate that it wasn't a big parking lot, so I just kept wandering around looking for my car. I encountered a man, maybe two men, in the parking lot who said something to me. just being friendly. The parking lot was on the slant of a hill and there was lots of dirt and grass around. The lot itself was gravel. I woke up before I found the car.