I was at a class reunion. I don't remember many of the people that were there. I do remember Susan J, Jake G and Darren. We were sitting in what appeared to be an old house at a large wood oval dining room table. We were just chatting and catching up and were laughing a lot. As more people began showing up we were looking for the other leafs of the table to add in so we could all sit around one table. We thought that everyone who would show up would fit around this one table. We thought that would be really nice to be able to do that. We all started getting up and pulling the table apart. We decided to pull it into another room so we would have room to expand it more. Then we decided to take some of the two-person square tables and put them at the end of this oval table and just keep making it longer and longer by adding those. So we started moving those in. Some of them were a bit taller than others so we tried to keep all those together at the end. As we were putting the square ones next to the oval ones, I was talking to someone and Jake G. We were talking about our little radio or TV program that we had done together. I said something about something that he had messed up. He admitted it. We were kind of laughing about it. I couldn't remember exactly what it was. I said, well, I did too. It wasn't anything critical, just nice memories. I was standing there looking at him thinking that he was as attractive now as ever, except that he was much nicer now. I was looking for a place to sit and I didn't want to sit next to Darren again as I was before we moved the table. It looked like there weren't any seats left. As I was walking around the table looking for a spot to sit, and I wanted to sit next to someone I knew fairly well, I walked behind Susan J and I rubbed her back. I was going to say something and my eyes started tearing. I though dang it, I don't want to cry. This is ridiculous. She looked at me and said what? I said, I wanted to say something but my eyes started tearing up. Several people started laughing. I sat on a ledge behind them. I said, I'm just like my dad. I was kind of joking but I started crying a little bit too. Then I just started laughing uncontrollably. I hid my face trying to compose myself. What I was thinking that I wanted to say was that I had been looking through my old autograph books and I was going to say that I had been doing that and I found something that she had written. I was very touched by it and that is what was making me want to cry.