I was sharing a bedroom and a bed, though not intimately, with Darren again. But we had not been intimate. We were trying to go to sleep. He kept rubbing up against me and I kept get irritated. He got upset. I said, Oh, Darren, I'm just PMS'ing. He rolled over and then he brushed up against me again. This time I got really upset and said Darren, will you please quit touching me? So he got mad and got out of bed and was pacing around. He was saying that this just couldn't keep going like this. I was noticing that the room was really a mess because he was so messy. I finally got out of bed and said, you're right. This can't keep going like this. I knew this wasn't going to work. We just need to end this. We are at some kind of family gathering with his family. We are looking through some pictures. I don't think we had told them yet that we were going to divorce again, or divorce, I don't' know. We were looking at pictures. There were some pictures with me in them. There were some other people there besides just his family. I found some pictures in there of Shirley J when she was a baby and I started pulling those out and showing them to Shirley J and kind of detracting people's attention I guess is what I was trying to do. I finally pulled out a couple of pictures of me. I guess we were supposed to be picking out a couple of pictures of me for some reason. I pulled a couple out finally and passed them around. There was one that a couple of people said they really liked and I just shook my head no. I said I just hate pictures of my self. They said oh, people usually do, but these are really good. Matt O. was there. I can't get back what he was doing there. Shirley J was asking if Darren and I were both at her house with her open windows if we would be able to keep an eye out for someone looking in. I said, Shirley J, that would be next to impossible with all the windows you have in that house. She said, yeah, she knew it would be pretty difficult and she probably needed to think about getting something to cover the windows. We talked about that a little bit. About how expensive that would be to cover all those windows. And She has so many patio doors in that house. I said one thing you could do that would be really inexpensive is what I did in my office. I just used a sheet. She looked at me quizzically. I said I just folded the sheet in half lengthwise and used thumbtacks and put it up there. She said that must have been a really long window. I said the sheet hangs behind the desk so you can't see how long the sheet is. Besides, that would be a really easy thing to hem up. I said, the other thing you could do is a rod pocket. She didn't know what I meant by that. So I went to one window where she did have a curtain hanging. I said, just like this. Just take the rod like this and feed it through one end of the sheet and just hanging it that way. I said it would be a little more expensive because you would need to buy curtain rods. And you would still need the sheets. But it would look a little better than hanging it with thumbtacks. When I was pointing to the rod there was no curtain on it, just the rod. And either Daddy or Bill F or someone did something at the other end and made the rod come loose and then it wouldn't go back right. They weren't helping me to get it back right so I was trying to do it myself. I finally got it back. Darren came up and did something. The next thing I know there is this table and the rod had come all apart and there were all of these screws and pieces and the rod had fallen apart. I was so aggravated that someone had done that. We were going to put it back together. I said, first we have to separate all these out by size so we know what goes where.