In the center of the mall they had these elaborate Christmas displays. This one woman went, inside one of them were her children. One of her daughters broke a ceramic doll and she was very upset and saying something like what did I do or what can I do. The next thing I knew the mother told her that she needed paint this line down the center of the mall to make up for what she did. She had this colored paint and a very thin artist brush. She was painting this very thin line down the center of the mall. I continued walking around trying to figure out where I needed to go to get to. I was looking for maybe the Van Maur store. I thought maybe that is where I needed to go to find my car. I kept walking back and forth trying to figure out how to get there. This man was out in the mall, working. I'm trying to remember what he was doing. I talked to him and I recognized his voice. He was talking into a microphone but talking to me at the same time. I finally said, oh, Jerry Curtis. He looked at me like I had it wrong. Then he said, Never and he told me his name. I said oh, you're on in the evening. I am so sorry. I listen to you all the time. He smiled at me and kept talking on his microphone. He shook my hand. I said I listen to you while I study. He kind of made this joking, funny face, like while you study? I finally made my way, well as I was trying to make my way to the parking garage I ran into some other people who were also headed for their car. They didn't know where they were parked either. We were talking about how we were supposed to find our cars around this mall and how this mall should do something to make it easier for people to remember where they parked and to find their car. I went outside and there was one couple and another woman. The one couple went out into the parking lot and came back. They were arguing. This other woman didn't have a clue where to begin to look for our cars. we are in kind of a tram. We're watching these kids play some kind of sport that I had never seen before. I asked someone what it was. They answered me but I didn't understand what they said. I was sitting in the second row with another woman and a couple of kids. The tram stopped so the kids could get out and get in the front row with their friends. We were watching this game. It was like there were two rows of deep ruts in the grass.