I'm coming to a bus stop on foot - it's at the end of a residential street that turns a circle behind some shops. It seems to be night but it may be the back-alley-like darkness of the place. I stand for a minute at one stop, then decide to change to the other side in case this one doesn't actually go downtown after all. The other side isn't exactly opposite. But rather than stand there I move to the next where there's some cars or something I can obscure myself behind, because there's a group of unsavory types coming this way. I get on the bus and it's not ded but there's plenty of people, including Roger C. It's definitely morning now, and he's being gregarious as usual, talking all the time. He's talking to me now, and I'm conscious of having been given substance and identification in the eyes of the other people on the bus because he knows me, and they know him. He's talking about a couple we know having finally gotten married, which I'm skeptical about and don't find entertaining. This is remarked on, and I reply that I have my doubts about the whole thing and will reserve judgement till I see it for myself. Roger has to get off the bus sooner than I do, and when he leaves I look around for a seat. This is a very different bus, and is furnished with bits and pieces of furniture; it's also L-shaped. The place nearest to me to sit is a very uncomfortable-looking vanity-type chair, square seat, no back to speak of, minimal padding. It's next to a quaint little side table, and the both are backed up to a recliner-lounge chair, rendering it unusable. But I can't effectively move them. (I sit on the little chair for a minute and stand up again?) Then I'm looking through a sort of pad of paper, long and narrow, joined at the top, which may be a calendar or something in its real purpose, but it has also some pictures inserted, as it were for advertising. It came that way. The pictures are of people's faces, who have horrible, catastrophic, disfiguring illnesses, and they're there to direct attention, public attention, to the need for help and understanding. People have looked upon these people as if they were monsters, imagining they were vampires, etc., and I'm aware that if the people near me on this bus were to see them, they'd do that too, and I'm not anxious to discuss it with them.