I came into a store and both sides of the aisle were lined with fans. The shelves were full of fans. There was a teenage boy working there. I laid my purse down on one of the shelves and headed into the back room. Now it was a bakery. I think it started out as just me, but then it was two other women and me. We were climbing around on top of these huge piles of boxes. It didn't seem like boxes though because we weren't hurting them and in some places it was kind of soft like they were cushions. I don't know how to describe it. It didn't seem that we were climbing around on boxes of baked goods at this point. And we were up there because we were supposed to be to do our jobs. One employee came up to me with this basket of bath and shower products. She asked me if I had tried these different things. She pulled one out and was rubbing it into my arms. Then she pulled out another one and I said no again. I said why don't you try that one on my legs. Then she pulled out another one and asked me if I have tried it. I say no again. She put that one on my back. She straddled me to rub it into my back. There were some kind of metal things coming down from the ceiling. Something about murder. She kept trying different things and I kept saying no. And one hurt and I said, no, no. That hurt. Then we heard an alarm or something and they said, oh, it's time for the kids. They are supposed to be here at 6:00. We all started jumping down to the floor. Started dropping all these toys that were kind of like stuffed animals but not really. They were just really soft toys. So we're picking up the toys and tossing them to the children as they come in. After all the children were in we started playing with them. Now, all these toys had pull cords and would say different things. Most of them were animals now and looked like typical stuffed animals, like a polar bear. rhinoceros. They were all lying on their stomachs. When the store was still a bakery, we were sneaking pieces of pies and cake. We weren't supposed to take anything home with us. I dropped a partially eaten pie into an empty box. That was somebody else's. There were two or three different boxes or bags like that. I was going to sneak them out of the store. When I was doing that a manager came along and he was looking for something and I thought I was going to get caught. He moved the boxes and didn't see what was in them and then he moved them back into the trash pile. I picked them up and took them out with me. He saw me.