I was on a TV show like Real People. I was hoping that for the next gig, I would get voted by the producers to go, because I knew that everyone would get to go. The men especially seemed to enjoy having me around. This place that we were staying was awesome. It was four floors and no elevators. But there is no way to describe it. So unusual. So awesome. I was cleaning up the kitchen and complaining because not enough people clean up the kitchen. The men came in and were all dressed up, they looked kind of like tuxes. Some of them had gold pants on. Some of them had black tuxedo pants. A couple of them weren't dressed yet and I went to get my camera so I could take a picture of them all dressed up. They told me I could take a picture afterwards. One of the men didn't have any pants. I went upstairs and I called down. the middle of the building was open from the first floor to the fourth. I called down and told him to come up. Several of them came up. They were laughing and telling me that it was just a joke and they were just teasing me. I got kind of mad at them but they apologized. We went back downstairs and they all took off and told me I could take a picture when they got back. When they got back they weren't dressed up anymore so I didn't get to take my picture anyway. There was one part of this house that was like a huge circular theater. It was so awesome. I can't possibly describe it and do it justice. The seats and decor was mostly red. Behind the last row of seats were all of these Christmas displays. It was soooo cool. There were many different alcoves with arched tops and lit inside and each one had a Christmas display. They wanted me to fix it all up and make it usable again so people would come in and use it again and appreciate it again. Some moving men came. There were these big things, taller than me, flat, magnetic, looked like toy soldiers maybe. These moving men came to pick all these things up and move them somewhere. I was helping them get these things loaded up on their truck. After they left there was quite a bit of extra space. Santa Claus and his wife came in and gave this to me. It was so incredible. They wanted me to fix it up. Mr. and Mrs. Claus and another couple were being lifted into the sky to heaven. It was like they had died but they didn't have to have the typical funeral and everything. They were just being lifted into heaven. Someone came up to me and I said they died and they didn't believe me. I told them what had happened and that this space had been given to me. We started rushing around looking at all the displays and looking at all the neat stuff. In one of the alcoves, Santa had told me he wanted me to set it up kind of like an electric train village. We were looking at all these things and talking about how to move these things around and display them. I was so excited I couldn't wait to get started. Then there was this huge old-fashioned pipe organ that I was playing. All the people I was living with were there. There was some kind of a concert or something going on. I read a poem that I wrote. There was a female singer. We had several women all dressed like her standing in different places and we would put the spotlight on them one at a time so it looked like she was magically moving from one place to the next. It was a soft green spotlight. At one point it was me. I was lying on my side on a couple of seats and I just kept rolling over and over. I rolled over some of the men. I was kissing some of them. Some of them were kind of hiding. They were all a lot younger than I was. I brushed my cheek against one of them and told him how soft his skin was. He seemed to really like that. One of them had part of his stomach showing from his shirt and I leaned down and kissed his stomach. I was being a little bit of a tease. Some of them got up and we were dancing. The music was out of control and there were tons of people in there. There was a bunch of black women. One of them was Audrey T. Another said you should have told us not to bring our purses in, and things like this. We finally got all of these people out and got some control back. When Santa first gave me this place I was showing some people around and we were looking at things. Before Santa had left he had pulled some things out of closets like a sleigh full of things and a rocking chair full of things and just different things like that. Some of the men had come back and were showing me their grades and saying that their grades were good enough that they were good choices to help me refurbish this place for having shows, and tours, and letting people see these wonderful Christmas displays.