Chris A Charging me $5500. Matthew doing drugs. Daddy asked Chris A what we owed him for towing my car to St. Joe. He said something jokingly and then with a look like I don't know how you are going to react to this he said $5500. He was totally serious. Daddy hesitated, shocked of course, and then said, well, if that's what we owe, then I'll take care of it. I was so upset. I went back to the house with Daddy. Mother was there. BJ was there too. I didn't let her know how upset I was. After she left, I tried to talk to Mother. I was so upset I couldn't speak. I tried but she could hardly hear the words. I told her what had happened. I said if I had known that I never would have had him tow it. That I wouldn't have paid that kind of money to do anything for that car. The car itself isn't even worth a fifth of that. I was so, so upset. Mother just sat and listened sympathetically. There wasn't much either of us could do. I told her that I tried to call Chris A and heard a message that BJ had left for him apologizing to him that Daddy had not offered to pay his gas money. This made me even more furious and I told Mother about that. I left and went to see Matthew at PLU. I walked. I found Matthew sitting, leaning back, on a cement step shaped sitting area. It was a kind of laid back, I don't care about anything I'm cool posture. I asked him how things were going. How classes were going. He said college is very cool but classes aren't going so well. I'm not sure how I got to this but he admitted to doing what he called the experimental drugs. I tried to stay calm and asked him which ones those were. He said sugar, marijuana, and something I didn't recognize. hadn't heard before. I was terribly upset. I crouched down in front of him and begged him not to do it again. I tried to remind him how dangerous it is. He continued with his casual carefree attitude. I asked him if Chris H did them too. He said no. I asked him what Chris H said about him doing them. He said Chris H asked him something like what the high is in it. As we were sitting there I saw Mother and Daddy drive by in a cute, blue convertible. I realized they must be test driving it for me. I pointed it out to Matthew but they were gone by the time he looked. A little bit later they drove by again, this time with the top up but it looked like a hard top now. I pointed them out quickly and he saw them this time. I said something about it being a cute little car. I was so distraught about the drugs that I got up and walked away. Matthew didn't say anything. I came past the campus again as I was walking home and say Mother and Daddy standing there talking to Matthew. At first I was going to walk on by but then decided to go join them. I didn't say anything to Matthew. Mother and Daddy were saying something about what a good young man Matthew is and something else. I wanted to say, this is not the grandson you knew. This is not the grandson that goes to church on Sundays, etc. But I didn't. I got very upset again and just walked away. Mother and Daddy followed me. I was in tears. Again, I couldn't speak. As we were walking away Matthew called out to me Mom, didn't you forget something. I kept walking because this was not the son I knew. Then I heard, Mommie. Mommie. My heart was breaking because of the drugs and because of walking away from my little boy as he called out to me like that. I didn't know what else to do. I fell to the ground in tears and put my hand to my mouth. Mother and Daddy asked me what was wrong. I couldn't speak. One of them finally said, He isn't doing drugs is he? I nodded my head yes. I woke up in tears. 