I was in my apartment with Mother and some other members of my family that I cannot identify. It was not my waking life apartment. Something had happened that I realized this was a perfect opportunity to make some major furnishing changes in my apartment. I was going to switch the living room with the dining room for one thing. Currently in the dream home, the front door led directly into the dining room. Matthew had already hung curtains so I realized they were going to need to be switched as well. Matthew had arrived home from a visit with his Dad and the apartment was filled to capacity, little floor space left, with old furniture. I found out that Grandma and Grandpa Ho had intended to get rid of all this stuff and Matthew thought I might want some of it because of my interest in antiques and old furniture. So they sent it all with him, with the instructions for me to do whatever with the things I didn't want. There was a lot I didn't want and obviously didn't have room for all of it either. I still wanted to make the switch of the two rooms but now could not even find my original furnishings. At this point there were many other people there, most that I didn't know, and some were Harris family members. I believe BJ and Bev might have been there also. Everyone pitched in and began helping me to clear the place out by eliminating the items I didn't want. Now the apartment had a basement garage so we were taking these things through the stairwell into that space. Bob F was one of the men down there taking things from the people working upstairs. At some point I realized that a lot of the people who were helping were from a not-for-profit group and I was going to donate all of the things I didn't want to them. It almost felt as if things were multiplying because I kept finding more and more stuff that I hadn't realized was there before. There were several old sofas and big easy chairs. There were quite a few huge wood pieces, such as wall units, or bookshelf kind of things. Many of these were hideous looking in my opinion. They were very large, heavy and difficult to move. We were alternating our positions and jobs in clearing the place out. Some people wanted turns being at the top of the stairs. I mostly stood between the various rooms and the top of the stairs and kept pushing things toward the person at the top of the stairs. I would occasionally put things into the stair well myself. Sometimes just sitting things on the first landing and sometimes handing things down to men in the basement/garage. The stairwell had a few steps to the first landing, then turned left and went the rest of the way down. I had taken something with two legs that I thought was very light and not dangerous and just kind of pushed it down. I realized after I let go that one of the legs hit someone in the head. Instead of saying anything I walked away. As I did so I knew I should go back and acknowledge what I did and apologize but I was too embarrassed and for some reason afraid to. Then I heard people talking loudly and criticizing what had happened. The man was bleeding but I don't know how badly. Someone thought he might need stitches but most thought that person was overreacting. I never did go and admit what I had done. This was taking much longer than people had thought it would. Many of us were beginning to get hungry. I went and asked Daddy if I should order dinner to be delivered. I don't remember him answering me then but I didn't do it. At the time I thought I didn't need his permission to do that if I'm going to pay for it myself. Maybe I thought if I asked him he would offer to pay. In waking life I know he would. For whatever reason we didn't order dinner and we kept working. The Harris family members that were there had been there for another reason and had not expected to stay so long. Even when they decided to stay and help with this new situation they didn't realize it would take so long. I don't think any of us did. They were particularly hungry. I kept thinking about how Darren and Matthew got all of this stuff here and how I could have been unaware of them bringing all of this stuff into the apartment when it had to have taken them a good deal of time. BJ and Bev kept identifying items that they thought I would want to keep. One of them found a beautiful bedroom suit. It was white with a pastel flower design/fabric on parts of it. I said that I absolutely wanted to keep that. In waking life I have wanted a new bedroom suit for almost 20 years, but can never seem to afford it. They and we found quite a few really great furniture items, artwork, two really great desks. one that I would keep in the kitchen and one for my office, other decorative items. Some of the artwork seemed very contemporary and colorful. In fact, there was an artist there painting a piece similar to several that were already there. I felt bad that he saw me deciding to give them away. I kind of liked them but not enough to keep them in light of everything I had there. At some point the scene shifted and we were still in the same apartment but it now seemed as though we were clearing out the remnants of someone who used to live there for us to move in. There were things hanging on the walls that needed to be removed. Some things I would decide to keep and either not remove or rehang after thinking about it. In the kitchen there were cabinets full of white/see-through plastic containers and I gave away the containers and everything. There were also quite a few small wooden cabinets for lack of a better word, that had lots of little compartments and such. They were each made to house certain types of items. I had removed one from the wall, examined it carefully, and then replaced it deciding to keep it. I then decided to keep all of the similar ones. There were also two or more refrigerators. They had containers in them but no food. I gave away all but one of them, containers and all. The one I kept seemed to fit nicely into a kitchen cove. It was smaller than a conventional home refrigerator and it was brown. As we continued to clear things out I decided to put all of the artwork in one place together and I would not go through it until after I had the furniture I wanted and placed where I wanted it. Then I could better decide which artwork I wanted to keep and had the space to hang. There was a lot of artwork and I really liked most of it. We continued to try to find the living room and dining room pieces that I wanted to keep and get them placed where I wanted them. I wanted to gather the pieces into the appropriate room and then have Mother help me decided where to place things for the best aesthetic results. For some reason I was focusing on completing the dining room first, but was definitely focused on the living room second. we thought we were almost done and then realized that my bedroom was still full so we began working on it. Then we thought we were almost done and we realized the kitchen was still full. In working on emptying the kitchen I noticed all of the things hanging on the walls that needed to be removed. I removed some of them but asked others to help with that. I went into the bedroom and began selectively taking things off the walls. I kept the religious items that were there and some of the lighting fixtures/lamps. The only thing in particular that I remember hanging in the kitchen, though I remember there were a lot of things hanging, is a small yarn thing that reminded me of a miniature flower holder that was popular maybe twenty years ago. People were beginning to complain more and more about how hungry they were. I finally decided to go ahead and order pizza. One man pulled a bunch of pizza coupons out of his pocket. They offered two medium pizzas for $9.99. I asked someone to call in an order and just order a variety of different kinds. There were a lot of people there so they needed to figure out how many to order. There were a lot of wicker decorative items. Some of them were basket like in nature and I would put things from the walls in them. Some of the huge wood wall units still had many items sitting on the shelves. We were moving them with the things still in place. I have no idea how those things did not fall off. I was always glad when I could push a piece onto an area rug and move it along with no problem. Some of the things were oddly shaped and we had to figure out how to get them down the L-shaped stairwell. Some were extremely heavy. Some that I thought would be really heavy I would see one or two men hoist above their heads and carry them out. Some large items were so light I could lift them with one hand and push them down the stairs myself, even some of the large, stuffed chairs.