I went to a Kroger store to get my prescription for Concerta filled. I was talking to them about it. I told them that I used to work for People's Drug Stores and from that experience I knew that different stores in one chain would have different prices on items depending on their location. I wondered if that was the same for them and their prescriptions. At first he acted like he didn't want to tell me then he kind of nonchalantly acted like he didn't know. I had the feeling that he did know but he didn't want to tell me. I was walking around the store waiting for my prescription to be filled. It was a very small store for a Kroger store. It was more the size of a drug store. They were telling other people that I used to work for People's Drug Stores. They introduced me to one man in particular, but I can't remember why they introduced me to him or who he was or what his role was. My prescription was finally ready and I went to pick it up and it was over $200. I said, Oh, wait a minute. When I came to get it filled the last time it was only $125. Of course, that was a different store. I can't do this. I've been unemployed for the last year. I've been having enough trouble getting this as it is. They took it back. I went to get a bottle of Diet Sprite before I left. I realized I didn't have my purse with me so I put it back on the shelf and went out to my car to get my money. I saw my purse and my car keys laying on the seat and the door was locked. I was so angry. I went back in and they called AAA for me. While I was waiting they were having a company meeting so I just sat with them during their meeting. I kept watching out the window for AAA to arrive. They were going around the tables and talking about each person or having each person say something. I didn't think they would make me speak since I was not a part of their group, and they didn't. They passed by me. I saw AAA come so I ran out quickly. As I got out there I realized that my car keys were in my pocket. And AAA was actually a woman driving a mini-van. When I got out there and realized that I had my keys she was out of the van and lifting the rear door up to get ready to help me. I apologized for having called her out there for nothing. She didn't seem upset, like it wasn't a big deal. She said no, that was fine.