I was going to work for Brad S and I had taken some hamburger with me to take home after I got off work. I put it in one of the desk drawers hoping that he wouldn't see it before we left. In his office there were two desks. His was sitting facing the door and the other was sitting at an angle facing his. I was sitting at the other desk. I don't remember what I was doing. As usual, there wasn't much to do. There were several people in there. I noticed my desk had stuff all over it just like his usually is in waking life, especially a bunch of pens. I start picking up these pens and testing them. A lot of them didn't write any longer so I threw them away. I thought to myself, why didn't he do that. Someone then asked me the same thing. I was trying to be nice and just said I don't know. He brought some new insurance man in to introduce to me. I was trying to be nice. I don't remember what kind of insurance he was selling. I told him I was satisfied with my current insurance policies. After all those people left, Susan J and Theresa Ay came in. I found that Susan J was working for him part-time and one full day a week and that Theresa Ay was also working for him. I got really angry with him and thought, no wonder I'm not getting any hours. I took my stuff and left. I was going through all these doors and hallways trying to get out. I noticed that Brad S was following me. I kept walking as quickly as I could and taking all of these different turns hoping to lose him. I finally got outside and I started flying right away thinking that was the best way to get away from him. I did. I lost him. Everyone else that was flying was flapping their arms to fly. I kind of turned on my back and was just enjoying how good it felt. Amy S had invited me to a lunch. There were quite a few people there. The attire was dressy. We went to kind of a fancy restaurant but it was a very long table with all of the female friends of hers. She was the only person I knew. All of the things we were eating were kind of colorful molds of things. Some of them were Jell-O molds. Some had mini-marshmallows covering them. I mentioned to her what Brad S had done about the hours and how angry I was that he had done that to me. A couple of people questioned it because I was trying to defend my position then. I stated that when I interviewed I got the impression that we agreed to my working 12 to 4 or 5, Monday through Friday and the weekly hours would be between 20 and 25. I stated that it has never been that way since I started. The first week I got 18 hours, and it has declined each week after that, with last week being only 2 hours. I was getting so angry talking about it. I learned that Susan J and all of these women were part of office services for the building where Brad S rents. One woman left to find out what was going on and she came back and told us that. I said, you know that really doesn't matter to me. It still doesn't make it right that he told me one thing and didn't follow through. I said I'm sure he didn't realize that Susan J and I grew up together and were best friends for a lot of years. I went and talked to Susan J to see if she was in fact doing this specialized stuff that they said she was and if she wasn't then she was basically doing the same thing he had me doing when he did have me come in. At that point different people started showing up and making all kinds of accusations about people. It was getting ugly and embarrassing. Some people were just sitting there because they didn't know what to do or say. I just decided that I was going to leave. Again, it was a series of doors that I had to go through to leave. They were all glass and some of them were revolving doors. I finally managed to get out. My car was sitting right outside the final door. I jumped in and locked the doors so that even if they did follow me they couldn't get in. I started it and put it in gear. I was in a cobblestone courtyard. It was fairly open but it had three places that you could probably drive through. They looked somewhat like alleys. All these women were walking around in floor length pastel flowing dresses and they all had boas. Some of them were bright colors, but they all had boas. I went ahead and put my car in gear. I wondered how I was going to get out with these women walking around everywhere. I managed to make it out with no problem.