I'm driving and now I have someone in the car with me. We're trying to get back home. We don't remember the way. It seems as though we are in Norton. We take a couple of turns hoping that we are headed in the right direction. Finally there is a very large African-American woman working on the front door of her house. She had her back to us. I finally decided to pull up anyway and asked her for directions. I just stopped on the road and she turned around. I asked and she gave me directions. She said, well, you're headed in the wrong direction to go to Indy. You need to go back the other way and go to that road and turn right? I didn't know what road she meant. She had turned back around and went back to her work on the door. We were going to turn around and head back, even though we still weren't sure of the directions. For some reason we stopped somewhere and we went inside. Maybe for something to drink. People are looking at us kind of strangely. We asked for directions again and someone points to a pile of papers, like glossy photos, sitting on a table. She said, your answer is in there. So we rushed over there and began going through them. We were lifting them up and laying them down as you would if you wanted to keep them in the right order. They were pictures of movie stars. The person with me knew all their names and she was really good at naming them very quickly. When we got to the bottom it was a wedding. I looked at it and realized it was this friend that was with me. I said look at this. Suddenly we noticed what she was wearing. She was wearing a wedding dress. We finally realized that she had run out of her wedding. So we were walking around this building. There were many rooms. Each one had an altar and a lot of them were decorated similarly. like there might have been a few basic themes that they used. One of them was like a flower arrangement sitting on some goblets and there was water flowing, kind of like a table top water fountain. I finally said, we have got to go. We have got to get out of here. We finally found this one room and there were people that we knew in there and people that knew she had run away and left her fiance at the altar. We were talking about how hungry we were. This one woman came up who had baked the cake. She was so sad and distraught because no one was going to enjoy her cake. She had made some other cakes for dessert as well. For some reason she said we could taste them as long as we didn't cut into them. Like we could taste, we should take some of the decorations off the top to taste. I asked her where the wedding cake was and told her I really wanted to see it. She took us to see it. It was three squares like Mother and Daddy's. She said, but don't touch the wedding cake. So, a couple of us lifted icing decorations off these smaller cakes and were eating those. Someone took them off the wedding cake also and was eating those. Then I realized that someone had actually cut into the cakes. We were picking up pieces of those cakes and eating them. Some of them were ice cream cakes. The fiance didn't seem to be very upset when he saw this. He was crouched down next to another woman at a table and talking to her. I with this friend of mine, who was the bride-to-be, to talk to them a bit. He didn't seem to be upset with her or anything. I told my friend that I thought he was attractive and asked her if she would mind if I went out with him. She said, no, that was fine but that I would have to wait because it would be improper for me to approach him right away. As we were walking away I commented on how nice he was and she agreed. We were both surprised that he was handling this so well.