I get the feeling that I was at my birth home but the people there were people from CIIS and from the sleep center. We got word that this famous shoe designer was going to be there and was going to give us each a pair of shoes. When it was almost time for us to go in this room where she set up there was a lot of. Someone said there was no line so everyone was just kind of milling around. Then a couple of people started to form a line, so I got in that line quickly. A couple more people followed and so on. Someone else started another line so I moved over to that line and everyone followed. When they opened the door and let us in. At first they just let a couple of people in so I was one of those first few to go in. At first I thought there were just a couple of styles and all in white. I never wear white shoes. Then I realized the whole room was almost wall to wall shoes and several shelves high, different colors. White, pink, beige, navy, and black. There were some that had multi-colored gemstones and flowers and looked very gaudy to me. I couldn't decide and I was going around and around and around in this room. I suddenly realized that everyone else had chosen theirs and I still had not. While I was in there, Gill U came in. I wondered what he was doing there. I thought, why won't he leave me alone. I said hello and asked him what he was doing there. I told him this was a special event just for our company employees. He kind of blew it off a little bit and continued walking around. He said something but I don't remember what. Then he left. I noticed Doctor W and his wife were there. I didn't say anything to them. I pretended not to see them there. They didn't say anything to me so I don't know if they were doing the same thing or if they really didn't see me. Julie S came up to me. I was looking at one pair in particular. She said I see that you have the same taste in shoes as I do. I said, yes I do. As it was winding up the designer was there and said something to me. I told her what I was looking for but that I hadn't found it in my size. There was one style, pink and flat heels, that was called the president or presidential. I just noticed a couple more boxes of those that I hadn't seen previously so I quickly looked to see if my size was there, but it wasn't. So her and her employees were starting to pack up. I kept walking around the room and there were these other things that she had made and were hanging from peg hooks. Some of them were dream catchers. Someone said something about the dreamcatchers. I agreed that they were beautiful and told them that I do dreamwork. They said, really, you interpret dreams? I said, I help people interpret dreams. I said, I have a collection of dreamcatchers on my office wall at home. Some of the things hanging from the peg hooks I don't know what they were and am at a loss to even describe them. maybe similar to necklaces but I don't think that's what they were. We were sitting back in the living room. Karen M was sitting there and wanted to see what shoes I had chosen, but I didn't get any. I had come out with some things in my arms though. They must have been scarves. The designer had given me those in place of shoes. I told Karen M I didn't get any shoes and asked her what she got. She was showing me the things that she got. She had some candles and decorative items but I don't know if she got shoes either.