I went to see Alice S to ask her a couple of questions. I can't get a sense of the building I was in. Normally I would be either in the grade school, church offices, or in Shalom House. This was more like a very large, 3-4 story school or. It reminds me of Goodman Hall at SMW. I went into Alice S's office. It was very tiny and uncomfortable to me because it was so small and crowded. It had her desk and some shelves and filing cabinets, two sitting chairs with a table between them and another very small desk also. Alice S was in there. I had asked her something and she was printing a copy or getting a paper for me or for someone else. I'm not sure. The gentleman that works in her office at that very small desk was working at his laptop computer. His name was Scott. He closed it up and left. For some reason I had the sense that he wasn't going to be working there anymore. I asked Alice S what happened to Scott. She said, shh, like we shouldn't talk about it. I sat down in one of the chairs while I was waiting for her. She sat down at her desk and another man came in and started talking to her. He completely ignored me or didn't even see me there. He was standing right in front of me with his back to me and started asking her something. Then he left and a woman came in and actually closed the door behind her. She said, hi boss. Can I have ten minutes of your time? This was an older woman. She looked at me but completely ignored me and didn't say a word to me. Finally Alice S looked at me apologetically and said, would you mind? I said, why don't you give me one of your cards and I'll email you. My tone of voice showed my frustration. I was searching around her desk to pick up a card but I couldn't find one. She said, no, why don't you call me because I wouldn't want this to get lost among a bunch of emails. I said, fine again with the tone of voice. I was very perturbed that I had been there and these other people came in and ignored me and I was the one that kept getting put off. I went ahead and left. I was trying to find my way out of this building. There was also a young boy who seemed to be trying to find his way out as well. I don't know what happened to him as the dream progressed. I finally thought, if I go to the basement I will know my way from there. I went to the basement and then I started going up these escalators. They were not normal escalators but only 1/3 or _ as many steps as a normal one and they seemed to move a bit differently as well. These made me even more uncomfortable than the ones in waking life do. It was like you had to move especially quickly and carefully at the top to get off. I finally got up to this one floor and for some reason I got a wheelchair and was pushing it. I had to get through this one area and had these lines of people like you might see at a bank if there were many tellers and each had their own line. In every line there was at least one person sitting in a wheelchair and I had to get across the front of these people. Most of the people in the wheelchairs were being very nice about it. They had to back up a bit to make room for me to get through with this empty wheelchair. I kind of brushed up against a couple of them and apologized. I finally got through. For some reason it seems that I took the empty wheelchair just so I could get through. Someone asked me to take this woman in a hospital bed to her new room. She was being transferred to another room. I must have been at SVH. I realized later that I was. They didn't tell me what floor this woman needed to go to and she didn't know either. I stopped at this one place that was kind of like a snack bar window. I asked if they could make a call to find out where she was supposed to be. The manager was being very uncooperative. One of the male employees asked the manager if it was okay to offer the patient some free ice cream. He said that was fine and asked her if she would like some. She said yes so the employee gave her some vanilla soft serve ice cream in a cardboard bowl. I sat her up in her bed and she was eating her ice cream. While we were sitting there these younger adults came up. I thought I recognized the one woman but I didn't say anything. They were relatives of this woman in bed. They were surprised to see her and they chatted for a little while. Somewhere around this point she told me that she was fine and was actually there to do volunteer work. I don't know why she was in this hospital bed. I said, well, I'll tell you what though. Let's have you stay in the bed that way we will be able to get through these different floors without people questioning us. It will be easier for us to go through the various places in the hospital to find out where you are supposed to be. She agreed to that. I then said, let's start at the third floor because that makes most sense to me as far as a place to start. After she finished her ice cream and finished talking to her relatives I had her lay back down and I took her up to the 3rd floor. I went through a couple of departments and a couple of them said that this patient wasn't theirs. we went into this one area like a small pharmacy. I was having trouble maneuvering this bed around in there because the aisles were so narrow and short. While we were in there a doctor came running in yelling tube, tube, tube. He ran in a pulled a tube in a plastic wrapper off the shelf, ripped it open and just dropped the wrapper, and ran back out and down the hall. There were maybe 4 or 5 more doctors who came running down the hall towards us. They had blood all over them and some medical things in their hands. I thought they were running in to us. But I guess they decided they didn't need to. They calmed down and ran around and said yes he was breathing okay and the tube was clear. They went back and she had a concerned look on her face. I said don't worry, it will be okay. They won't have you volunteering any place that is really uncomfortable for you. The doctors that had blood all over them had splatter blood all over her face. I took a towel and gently wiped it off, I recall the most being on her forehead. We went on working our way to some departments trying to find where she was supposed to be. I came across a large male black nurse. I asked him if he could tell me where the admissions office is for this area. He told me where to go. I headed over there. I saw a nurse sitting by a desk. There was a very small newborn. maybe a preemie. next to her. I think it was in an incubator. She was on the phone. When she got off the phone I explained why we were there and that this woman was really fine. I had kept her on the bed so we could get through the various departments to find out where she was supposed to be. She was supposed to be volunteering. The nurse was very nice. She was a younger black female nurse. While we were waiting for her to get off the phone I was wondering if this was the new pediatric unit that SVH has been building, or if it was the new pediatric sleep center. At that point the nurse said the woman could get out of bed and she would take care of it from there. I could just take the bed out. I headed out with the empty bed and came across this male nurse again. He said he was on his way to put back another empty bed so I could just follow him. I jokingly said, oh, you were supposed to give me a ride now. He just laughed. He went really fast and I couldn't keep up with him so I was practically running to keep up with him. I guess staff thought I was playing with the empty bed or something because they were all looking at me and grinning. I saw Doctor C at the end of the hall so I aimed it at him like I was going to run into him. When I got up to him I stopped to say hello. His hair was completely gray. He spoke very briefly, but friendly. Just not what I expected after not seeing him for a year. I thought he would seem happier to see me. I just chalked it up to him being either very busy or in one of his moods. Either way this is how he would have acted so I didn't take it personally.