I was with my family in St. Joe. I was thinking that it would be fun for us to all go to a professional baseball game together. Not sit all in one row but several rows, one in front of the other, so we can talk together more. The next thing I know we are there. I'm not sure who all was there but it was at least my parents and my siblings and I. I wanted something to eat and drink but no one else was so I wouldn't say anything. I took some money, a ten-dollar bill, out of my wallet, folded it up and put it in my shoe. Someone said something about it. I said I forgot to do it earlier and I don't usually put it in my shoe but that was easiest right now. We were referring to the fact that you are supposed to put money, like a one-dollar bill, on your person all the time for luck. I think I actually got the money out because I was hungry. A bit letter I noticed others eating and drinking and I was aggravated because no one offered to have me go with them or offered to get me anything. Brian F was eating potato wedges and drinking a coke. Later I noticed others had gone and gotten things too. Still later Brian F was now eating a cheeseburger and drinking a coke. BJ asked if I wanted to get some ice cream and I said no, I really didn't want ice cream. What I really wanted was the potato wedges and a sprite. While we were watching the game I was almost hit a couple of times by fly balls. I also noticed that in between the sections of the stands there were these very tall, white, plastic, flexible holders that were taller than the stands and they each held a golf ball at the end. The golf ball could be released and thrown somewhere. It had some purpose for the game. I thought it was very unusual. I was walking around with Brian F and BJ and we were talking about people writing and talking about the end of the war. I was thinking that if I had initiated this conversation a year ago they would have dismissed me and not paid any attention. Now BJ had heard this from someone else and was very intrigued and ready to discuss it. I recognized that things seem to come around to their geographic areas a year or so later than here. Kind of like the time lapse between New York and California fashions hitting other parts of the country. Anyway, we were talking about this one series of books, I believe they were written about The Rapture. Two of the women I worked with last year were really into them but I didn't read them because they didn't sound like they coincided with my beliefs. Anyway, BJ was very intrigued by the whole idea and Brian F was just listening with interest and as though he wanted to learn and understand. typical for Brian F. I remember saying something about this books talking about the world opening up and swallowing people and fires etc. I reminded them that they are still written by men, as was the Bible, and as were Conversations with God, by Neale Donald Walsh. I went on to say that it is impossible for us to know these things for certain. That even though these people claim to be writing from God's inspiration, they are still human men and fallible. I went on to say that we each need to find our own truth. we left the ball game and went to another place. I don't know what the place was. It was a semi-circle theater. The round stage was completely dark except for a spotlight on the man speaking. The back half of the round stage had individual dark curtains. Each curtain had the name of a place in lights. One of them was Lesourdesville Lake Amusement Park. We chose that curtain. Immediately we were transported to another place. I thought it was going to be Lesourdesville Lake but it wasn't. This is difficult to describe. It looked as though we were watching a movie scanning the night skyline of a large city, but at the same time it felt as though we were there. not physically flying and not in an airplane. which is why it is difficult to describe that part. But now it is suddenly daytime and we fly past the World Trade Center towers and they are on fire and smoking. I realize where we are and when and I become very upset and fight back tears. we are on a boat and it begins to burn. It quickly docks and people begin to get off. No one is panicking and I get off safely. There was a coral colored carpet and I had to go up several steps to get off, but it was almost mazelike. I had to go up a step, walk to one side for a little while and find an opening to go up the next step. There was one woman in particular with long sandy-brown hair. I don't know who she is but we said something to each other as we were leaving. we are back in the theater. My family members are all in seats. I am approaching them with a notepad in hand. I see the Homers sitting there as well. Kenny H is sitting on the end of the row. I sit down on the floor next to him to ask him about this experience. I am thinking that I am sure that I am still dreaming. I asked Kenny about his experience. He said they did in fact go where their curtain said they were going. He said they were awake in coming to the theater and they were awake now. I was disappointed to hear that because I was so sure to that point that I was still dreaming. I was writing feverishly to get everything down on a notepad. Some people came up behind us and set up a table and sat down there. They seemed to be upper-class people. My paper was making noise as I turned the pages and they were getting very annoyed. I was having trouble finding a clean sheet of paper but did not want to stop for fear of losing some of this. Matthew came up to me. He is a much younger boy, maybe 9 or 10. I was trying to gather all of my things to go and sit with him. I had lots of papers, a drink, and a winter coat. I was having trouble getting it all. Matthew helped. As we were walking to our seats we passed Darren. He said that Matthew had said he would visit with Darren after this. I was aggravated by this and said I would have talk to Matthew about this and we would see. We went to our seats.