I went for a walk with Amy S and someone else on the Main trail. We were walking to a bank. Amy had an interview and when we came back we came to this cornfield that had a maze cut in it. We were discussing whether or not to cut through the fields through the maze or to go the way we know. I said it was so close to dark that I was concerned that we would not be able to find our way in the dark. They finally agreed and we cut straight across the way we had come. We ran into Barb M. We are standing and talking to her only now it seems just me. I asked her if she had ever been on the Main trail and she said no. She is standing with me and looking at a bunch of necklaces. I don't know where they are coming from. I think we are outside. It looks like various. I'm not sure how to describe them. Two of them were very long colored beads. Barb had never been on the Main and didn't even know where it was. I told her I would take her and add a little heart to her day. I did. We got separated. I don't know if she got lost or not. I see her in her car and she is headed back to CI but she is driving on the Main. I waved to her to come back and she does. We tell her that she can't drive on the Main that it is for pedestrians and bicyclists only. I am at Brad S and Amy's house for dinner. We are talking. Amy had invited Darren and Matthew and this other man. This other man wasn't there with his wife. We talked and had a good time. Of course I stayed away from Darren. I went and found Marshall E and I went and found Amy and asked her what was going on. why she had invited Darren. I don't remember her answer. I tried to resolve to be as pleasant as possible. I had talked a little bit to this other man that she had invited. He wanted to know what I was doing. I said basically nothing except being a full-time student because I was too embarrassed to talk about my part-time jobs when I am working on a Ph.D. We sat down to have dinner and this other man is playing with my foot under the table. I got Amy by herself and asked her what was going on. Somehow I knew this man was married but I don't remember now how. She said that yes he is married but that he only sees Shannon on weekends and I don't know how that is going anyway. I said but I don't want to be the reason anyone's marriage breaks up. I said I could not live with that.