I was on my go-cart/bicycle/car. I will call it my car from here because that is what I was calling it in the dream. I was going to St. Joe. I picked up several of my relatives on the Harris side of the family. Allen was one of them but I don't remember who the others were. They got on behind me like they were one behind the other as if on a motorcycle. We were going for a drive but I don't remember where we were headed. I was going up a hill and I was having difficulty getting up the hill. Uncle H used his feet to help us get up this hill. I am sitting in Doctor Da' office. Mother and Daddy were there with me. I had an 8 am appointment. Doctor Da is a dentist. We sat there. We kept waiting and waiting all day long until almost 4 pm. I finally asked while we were still waiting and he said that he didn't show that we had an appointment. I said I had just made the appointment two months ago and that I had made it for first thing in the morning so the rest of the day I could have free. I was upset because I had now lost the whole day. He didn't even apologize. He just said that I didn't have an appointment and it wasn't in his books. He didn't have anything computerized. He just had a paper appointment book. I thought it might be the receptionist fault. that perhaps she didn't write it down in the book when we spoke. He asked me if I had a specific problem and I said that I did. I've had this tooth that I lost a filling and it's been bothering me for a long time. He said I could schedule another appointment. When I scheduled the last time the soonest I could get in was two months later and now I was going to have to wait another two months. I was very upset because Mother and Daddy thought that I had screwed up. They thought that maybe I had written it down wrong. Then there was some discussion about my taking the relatives for a ride in my car and how inappropriate that was. Matthew was with us and so was Bill F. Someone from Doctor Da' office had borrowed some audio books or videos. First it was just one and she brought it out and gave it back to me, but later she came back with 3 or 4 more. I noticed that they were all still in their cellophane wrappers which meant they had not even watched them or listened to them. They were still brand new. I finally decided to go ahead and leave. I had some other things too. Bill F was driving a pick-up truck so I put my things in the back of the truck and told Bill F to go ahead and take Matthew back and I would just go ahead and drive my car back MYSELF. No one HAS to ride with ME.