I was in the city where I live. I stopped by Petsmart to buy something to send to ground zero for the dogs there. It was $2.33. Petsmart said they collect things that people want to send there and that they send the shipments every few days. I could just pay for it and they would ship it. When she rang up the sale she didn't take my money. She said, no, we'll take care of it. Yet, she had rung it up on the register and she left the register open. I gave it to her and I left. For some reason I went back in and some woman was talking about something that happened to her and she said something about the Grace of God. I said, I think everyone has a little bit of the Grace of God in them. I was talking to her and one other woman then I realized that one of the store managers had overheard me. I went ahead and was pushing a cart for someone reason. I turned the cart around in a very tight space and I had two things in my arms, like a binder and a pair of shoes and something else. Odd for being a pet store. But they were my things. I put the cart back and went outside. It was raining a little bit and I rushed to get in my car. It was dark then. I am trying to get out of this parking lot and it is no longer raining and no longer dark. There are all these chain link fences. high. and they are kind of like a maze and I am having trouble getting out. I don't even remember how I got in through this. There were a couple of places that I thought I could get out but I was afraid to try because it was such a narrow opening. This one place I tried. It was at an angle but I caught the car on a wire or something as I went through and it snapped. I was worried that I had damaged the car. As soon as I went through I realized I couldn't get out from there so I had to go back the way I came. I had to really, really maneuver the car around so I could get it at the right angle so I could get through and I was worried about getting caught on that wire again. I did get through but there were like two or three wires. One was stuck to the front of the car but it kept stretching as I went through and it finally snapped around. Again I was afraid I had damaged the car. Then I realized that someone had parked their car previously and now it was gone so that gave me an opening to get out. So I went out this way. Then the pavement was almost like these really large cement. rough. rocks. It was really rough driving on them. I thought if I damage my car Daddy is going to think I was careless and I will need to reassure him that I have been trying to be very careful. That I've learned to be very careful not to damage my car by being careless. I finally got to a smooth road and I was trying to figure out how to get back home from where I was. I was on W. 56th St. I realized I had to go up this hill and now, instead of my regular car that I have in waking life, I know I was driving a VW bug but it was without the shell and a one-person vehicle. It was almost like, at least partially, it went under my own power. Maybe bicycle pedals. I had to go up this hill. I was having trouble getting up the hill. getting enough speed or power. I was talking to someone else or someone was commenting on it was a VW bug. I don't know. This part is very sketchy and makes absolutely no sense to me. It's like I'm still traveling through the streets. I had to go through part of downtown Indy. At the same time as I am going through downtown, it is as though someone is interviewing this small group of people. Three of them were male dressed in black for lack of a better word I will call them vigilantes but they were men who tried to fight crime in our city. They were talking about what they would have done and how they would have been prepared. I thought they were talking about the 911 attack. They said they would have known ahead of time and they would have been on walkie-talkies and would have cut the kids off at the pass and warned the teacher, etc. I am driving along the street and the one man is talking to a woman, girlfriend maybe, in his group, by cell phone. She is sitting on a step outside the building, saying I told you that you could leave me out of it and you said no you wanted me in it and now you're telling me that you don't need me. She was just a little perturbed. She wasn't really mad at him. Just a little perturbed by it. I'm finding at this point I need to grab the edge of the buildings and pull myself to keep myself moving forward.