They started fighting over me. They were in a sailboat race together. It was very exciting for them and they won. Afterwards they were totally exhausted and cold. I was sitting in a chair and holding one on each side of me trying to help them warm up and letting them rest and getting their rest back. I don't know what happened from there. I got up to leave and their father, Eddie Arnold, came out of his bedroom. I saw five other men in there with him. A couple of them saw me and kind of made a pass at me. His first wife had died. The younger sister was feeling very lonely and wanted attention. I soon realized that's what both girls wanted. They just wanted all the attention and they didn't give any attention back. The girls had a younger brother and they wanted me to help them keep him out of the room. There were two doors that he could get into and they were side by side. I was trying to hold both doors closed against his efforts. I was trying to find something within my reach that I could block the door with, like a doorstop. I couldn't find anything. The younger sister, I think her name was Sandy [unknown in waking life], kept handing me things. She didn't understand what I was looking for and kept handing me things that weren't going to work. Then I saw that the older sister had a collection of things on the wall and a couple of them were doorstops. One of them had a teddy bear face with little foam pieces that were the facial features. They were on the part that you would stick under the door. So I took the ears and stuff off so I could put it under the door. I knew I could glue them back on when I was done with it. I put it under the door but then it morphed and was no longer a doorstop so it didn't work. I had torn it apart for nothing. I suggested newspaper but that didn't work because he just pulled it right through the door. I tried various things and I ended up having to just sit there and hold the door closed as the girls had wished. I'm thinking the older girl's name was Sharon. Sharon had morphed and was now very small. Her legs had become the size of a Barbie doll. I treated Sandy like a little sister. She had these things out in the hall that were making a lot of noise. I was concerned about bothering the neighbors and convinced her to bring them in. Actually at this point she morphed into a young child. Then I heard someone else in the hallway that was making just as much if not more noise. I asked her what that was and she told me. I told her that was going to have to come in too. She got very sad so I asked her to explain to me what it was. She had these metal pails with water in them and something attached to them that was making all the noise. She would set the water in the hallway on the heat vents. She said that it helped return more water to the land. I asked her if it would work if we took the noisy part off. I said if we just set the pails on the heat vents the water will still return to the land. So that satisfied her and we did that. I went back out in the hall a couple minutes later and the maintenance man was out there. He was upset because the water was sitting there. I explained to him with her standing there what it was for. He really softened and became kind and said that was fine and we could leave them there. Everyone was happy now and we went back into the apartment. I guess sometime along here I had let the little boy back in and he was in his bedroom. I went in and talked to him a little bit and patched things up and made our relationship okay. I was commenting to Sharon on how nice it was to be sleeping with all these people. She looked at me funny and I laughed and I said I just meant having so many family members and loved ones in the house and around you. I said it's just a really nice feeling. She just smiled at me. Then I heard her dad come in and go in his room. I said that I needed to go talk to him for a couple of minutes. I went into his room and that's when he came on to me. At first I tried to resist and then I gave in a little bit. Then I tried to resist again and back and forth. I could see from the light under the doorway that Sharon was pacing back and forth on the other side of the door. Probably wondering what was going on. He had a tub of water sitting by his bed so I asked him to give me a foot massage and that would be my excuse as to why I was in there so long. He soaked my feet in a tub and rubbed them. He was very attentive. It was very nice. One of the girls opened the door and saw us and got really upset. This is odd as I have it recorded twice. The other part of the recording said I used this excuse with Sharon and she was fine with it. They lived in an apartment building as I did. They lived a couple floors above me I think. I tried to go back to my own apartment but I didn't have my key with me and I couldn't remember my apartment number.