I was moving into Grandma F's old house. I'm not sure why I was moving in there. I don't recall actually moving my things in. I had come down the gravel driveway and I was hearing a lot of noise and thought it was my car. Then I realized that there was a car behind me. It was as though I was spinning in the gravel and couldn't move forward. I finally got it off into the grass and then I realized the noise was coming from the car behind me. They went ahead forward and backed into one of the buildings. There was a man in there working on cars. It was where the chicken house used to be. Maybe it was the chicken house. I thought it was incredible that they were able to get there car backed into the small opening of the building without any problem at all because they didn't seem to have control of the car, the accelerator or the brakes. I don't know if that man ended up being able to help them or not. It seems that he couldn't. They left. It was two black men in a car and I don't know how often St. Joe sees black people. Aunt M came back and showed me the different keys for each of the doors and how to get in. There was a big gap in the doors when you closed them. I was concerned about that for the winter as far as keeping it warm and how much extra it would cost to heat. Especially since I don't like a cold house at all. She talked about what it would take to fix it but she didn't actually say she would get it fixed. I don't know what that was about. Mother was back there. We talked about the people who had lived there before and what had happened to them and them moving out. The brother of one of those women was looking for them and didn't realize they had moved out and was talking about that a little bit. Then I guess he just left. I don't know. Mother and I went into one part of the house. It's not familiar to me. It's around the furnace. We found a bunch of boxes. I looked in one of the boxes and there was a bunch of canning lids and I started to pull those out for mother and then I realized there was other stuff in there. I ended up looking in all the boxes. I found some white and colored gauze. I found a really valuable book on dreams written by Carl Jung and it was in mint condition. I was so excited I was in tears. I was really surprised to find it. that grandma had such a book and that it was in such good condition and that I had found it. For some reason one of the women who used to live there was there now. She had some kind of injury and needed some gauze and first aid tape. I didn't want to give her all the ones that were pretty colors cause I was going to save that and use it as ribbon. I gave her some of the white. As the dream continued she wasn't there anymore. When I took all this stuff in the house and put it away and drug all the empty boxes out into the trash pile, which was in the center of the circular driveway by the barn. I realized I hadn't had lunch and was getting a headache. I found myself a snack bar and ate that. We kept working. That didn't really do the trick so I went down and fixed myself a bowl of soup. We were going through kitchen cabinets. I found some things that the other women had left and was throwing away things that I wouldn't use like baby formula. I sat down and was eating my soup. I'm not sure how to explain this. I felt we were sitting inside yet at the same time it felt like outside as it was a picnic table and there was a lot of greenery and hay and cobwebs at the one end of the table. This stuff was going in my soup. I was picking it out and getting disgusted by it. I started moving all this stuff away from the end of the table. All these family members were now. Bob F and his family were there. BJ, Mike A and family were there. Nicholas F climbed up to the table and grabbed my soup. I said, hey bud how about if I fix you a bowl of your own. He said okay and I started looking for a small bowl for him. While I was doing that Mike A started telling a story. He stopped and somebody said that he didn't think I was listening. I said, I'm listening I'm just looking for a bowl for Nicholas F while I'm listening. I don't know if he ever continued his story or not. I got Nicholas F some soup and then I started going back through the cabinets again. I said, ah here is the important stuff, the pasta! We talked a little bit about my spaghetti container here at home and how I always keep it full and that spaghetti is my primary comfort food. I was telling everyone about the dream book I found and how excited I was about that. Mother and I were outside. I realized that I needed to take a broom and sweep off the outside windows and walls because they were full of cobwebs and dirt and stuff. I went back inside and. this is really strange. It is as though I was sitting inside and mother was sitting outside and I wanted to raise the shades. They were the old-fashioned roll shades. I lifted up the screen and realized I still couldn't' get to it so I asked mother to raise the shade. Then I thought that was really odd and that I would have to go outside every time I wanted to raise or lower a shade. My soup was full of grass, and dirt and cobwebs. I asked mother where the compost pile was. She showed me and I went out and got rid of the rest of my soup. It was vegetable soup. I was pushing all of this greenery stuff away from the table so that wouldn't happen anymore. I told the others that they could come and visit now but that was part of my apprehension about moving in there - that people would be dropping any and all the time. I wasn't sure I was ready for that. It is one of the things I appreciated about living further away.