Matthew and I were on our way to St. Joe and we stopped on the rode and picked up Bob A. He was back in my home state to visit his family. He is a career army officer and lives in Texas I believe. We stopped and picked him up and agreed to take him home before we went to see my parents. He and I were both giving Matthew directions while he and I both chatted. his parents did not live where they do/did in waking life. He directed Matthew to some back roads. I told him I didn't remember his parents living back there or moving back there. We got to his house and four of his brothers came out. In waking life they were not his brothers but Don Sc and three of his brothers. I commented to Bob A that he and his brothers haven't changed a bit in 25 years, that they all looked exactly like they did when I graduated from high school. I was looking at their height and such. I was amazed that they still looked the same. They hadn't seemed to age at all, height, weight, etc. After we got there we find out that Daddy had wanted to borrow their tractor. I think Bill F was there already but I don't know if he had a car back there or if someone took him there and was waiting for us to take the tractor back to the house. We ended up with three vehicles though. We had my car, a truck, and the tractor. Matthew drove the truck. I drove the car. Bill F drove the tractor. The Sc boys came out to do something to the truck or the tractor. We're getting ready to take the vehicles and tractor back to daddy but now it is Uncle H and Aunt R's house. We're in their garage and there is stuff piled everywhere, wall-to-wall and 5 or 6 feet high. Uncle H is cleaning things out and getting ready to get rid of a lot of stuff. Aunt R is in very good health. Her and I were talking about doing this cleaning. I said, yes, in the last few weeks I've been cleaning a lot of closets and drawers in my own home. It feels so good having done that. Getting rid of stuff that I never use or look at. that just sits there. We were looking for some paper towels because there was oil all over the seat of the tractor. Uncle H and Aunt R were being very frugal. They had the select-a-size paper towels and they would give us the smallest possible each time and it wasn't enough to wipe up the oil. I had a sense at one point when I grabbed two additional ones that they were making some kind of comment about how many of these towels we were using. One of us had done something to spill some water on a worktable or something and we used paper towels to clean it up. We tried to clean it up before they noticed but Uncle H saw us. He said not to worry about it, that he does it all the time. He helped us clean it up. I also get the sense that maybe we were putting a lot of this stuff they were getting rid of in this truck that Matthew was going to drive. I took some little stuffed animals or animal toys of some kind, like you would get in a kids meal - and moving them from one spot to another. By the time we got ready to leave the garage had much less stuff in it. Aunt P was there as well. I just saw her once when we were getting ready to leave. I approached her and thanked her for the money she recently sent me and told her how much I appreciated it. She just asked me again to keep it a secret between us. There was some discussion or confusion about who was driving what.