Someone had broken into my house. I was wondering if I was dreaming or awake. I thought that I usually only have these dreams when I don't set my house alarm before going to bed and I know I set it last night. But then if I'm dreaming I want to wake myself up and I couldn't. So I was frustrated with myself. I also thought if I'm dreaming and lucid why can't I change what is happening. I could see my front door from my bedroom door, which I can't in waking life. This did not occur to me. I was trying to close and lock my bedroom door very quietly. I was peering out and could see that my front door was partially open. I didn't know if someone had come in and left or if someone was still in the house. I didn't know if it was just maintenance men or someone who had broken in. I went ahead and locked it and hoped that they either wouldn't come upstairs and try to get in or that if they saw that door that maybe they would just leave but they didn't. my bedroom door was right across from the end of my bed. I heard them come up and try the door so I leveraged myself against the door with my feet against the bed hoping to keep them from getting in. I heard them take out the tools and remove the pins in the door. They shouldn't be able to do this from the outside in waking life because the pins are on the inside of the room. But they did remove them. I was being unsuccessful in keeping them out. I tried to reach the alarm pull cord but couldn't get to it. They finally got in and they said something about me not being able to get to it. They didn't hurt me. I started talking to them and trying to be very cooperative so they wouldn't get violent or hurt me. There were both men and women. They said that they had recently bought or built a new home and they were here to get things that they needed or could use in their new house. I said I was surprised that they wanted anything that I have. I went downstairs with them and they had a very large pile of my things that they were going to take with them. One of things that they had was my black everyday dishes. I asked them to let me keep those and I would give them my expensive china that I never use. I told them that it was Noritake, very elegant, and there were many more place settings, etc. so they agreed to that. I was going through these wood cabinets, kind of like an armoire, though they were built into the wall. They had many different size compartments. Some were drawers. Some had doors. Some were just open. I thought this must be a dream because I don't have these cabinets in waking life. I was looking for the china and couldn't find it. I told them the one box was an old whiskey box that would be used to ship 12 bottles. I was getting very nervous because I was afraid they would think that I was lying and didn't really have the china. I suggested that they might have found it already and not realized it. I turned around and saw it sitting in their pile and pointed it out. I told them the other box was the original box and said china on the sides of it. We found it too then.