I was on this, I don't know what, and Nick R came back. He told me that he never takes me with him because I wouldn't fit in with his rich and famous friends. He told me I wasn't good enough to be with his wealthy friends. He was drinking while I was in the car with him. The roads were yet and he was driving very fast. I was very frightened. It was after that, that he said those things to me. I went ahead and got dressed and was going to meet one of his friends that he told me I wasn't good enough to meet. I was dressed very nicely. There is so much to this and I don't know what order it goes in. I was with someone but I don't know whom. I don't know if I was married to him. We had gone on a trip and I had bought a lot of Native American items, jewelry, feathers, blankets, etc. It was really fabulous. Our butler wasn't around to help us pack and we were in a hurry and we had a baby and we were trying to grab a few things because we had to meet this duchess/important woman. We just had so many beautiful things. Some of them were very small. I was pulling them off and putting them in drawers and stuff so they would be safe to travel and so we wouldn't lose anything. We just left everything else for our butler, hoping that he would get back and be able to get it all packed up for us in time to catch our train. We went in this special place to meet this woman. She was lying on a bed. I curtsied and shook her hand, as did our nanny/assistant to me. We chatted with her briefly. I had to do different things to make sure I was sitting in the right place and sitting properly, etc. The woman is in a hot tub with her husband and making love to him. We were all trying to avert our eyes. My husband had also been sitting on a bed and he fell asleep. I got up and walked away and I was trying to figure out what to do or where to go. I ended up in a hot tub with someone but I have no idea who it was. It wasn't my husband but a man who truly appreciated me. After Nick R told me I wasn't good enough, I got dressed up and I was going to go meet some woman by myself-one of his wealthy friends. I knew my way out. I thought Oh yes, I know my way out because I dreamt this. I dreamt it earlier in the same dream. I went to this woman and her name was Betty [unknown in waking life]. She was very classy. She welcomed me and she could tell I was upset and she asked me why. I told her and she was very sympathetic. She asked me if I would like some strawberries and cream. I was looking at my assistant and this woman to take the lead on what to do and how to act. I got a very small bowl of strawberries and cream. I didn't go sit with them but rather stood back in a dark spot where I wouldn't be seen in case I did something wrong or spilled something, etc. One of her female staff members came to me and asked me if I would like to go sit down and I said, very truthfully I would really like a place where I can sit and be alone. She took me to this place where I could sit by myself. It was like a bench in a closet. As I was sitting there eating, the bowl was suddenly much larger and fuller than when I started. I was fighting back the tears. I hadn't eaten all day so I was very hungry and very tired. But then someone came in and told me that they had to hide me. So I put my feet up on this bench and they pulled the clothes past me. These two young men came in. It was their closet and they were looking for some clothes. The mother and the staff person were trying to distract them and try to hurriedly select something so they wouldn't discover me but they did. They were so kind and compassionate. They wanted to know what happened and I told them. They told me that he didn't deserve to be with someone like me. They said I have so much love to give and just want to care for someone and be attentive to them. I wanted to go sit with Aunt J and ask her to tell me all about Uncle A. For some reason, at some point I sensed that he was the one I was with. He was protecting me as a spirit protector. There was also something about one or more housing subdivisions. Maybe flying over them?