I was with my CIIS classmates and we were at some kind of army facility. We were working on a project to reduce violence or develop methods other than weapons to defeat the enemy. We were having different meetings. At times I was frustrated because, as usual, people weren't hearing me or weren't truly considering what I was saying. We had found some toy green plastic army men. We had decided to make something like a biscuit and place the toys inside the biscuit. The others wanted to put them in before baking the biscuit. I told them they would melt that way and that we would have to put it in later. They all disagreed with me and they were going to go ahead and do it their way. Really strange. I don't know how that ended up but I think I saved one out to maybe do myself, my way. I moved on to the kitchen area where the men on KP duty were preparing meals. I learned that a lot of our men got sick from that food. One of the reasons was that they got salmonella poisoning from hamburgers that had been cooked but then had been left sit out too long. The cooks would not know how many to prepare at a time and they didn't want to run out so they would prepare more than they thought they needed. They didn't want to throw any away so they would leave them sit out until the next group of men came in to eat. I had suggested that they have a counter at the doorway. a bar like you see at an entertainment venue. so it would count the number of men coming in. The men in the kitchen would be able to see/watch it and could use that as a gauge to determine how many to prepare. The head cook thought that was a great idea and said he would take it to the proper decision-maker. I pursued that a little bit and told him I was going to follow up with him and see how that conversation went and so forth. I met someone and I introduced myself as the future VP of the US. He kind of chuckled. I chuckled too but said, you just watch. A little bit later I met Hillary Clinton. She was the President of the US. I again introduced myself as the future VP of the US. We chatted a bit and I said, I'll be following up on that counter idea. She looked at me quizzically as she didn't know what I was talking about. Someone else was in our conversation and said, we'll talk about that later. I went back to the kitchen and I was still looking at things there. It occurred to me, I suggested to someone, if we would be able to poison the enemy's food as an alternative to weaponry. They said yes that would probably be doable. might be fairly easy. There was a discussion about what kind of foods we would use and such. I overheard one of the men talking about getting a divorce when he gets home. I was talking to them about that and discouraging the idea. He said something to me that hurt my feelings. I said so and was being a little dramatic about it but not letting on that I was. He apologized and I said, we'll make that. I had been standing on the other side of the counter so I went around the corner and gave him a hug but he didn't let go. He was kind of joking around and kind of doing that for the benefit of his buddies there because they were getting a real chuckle watching us. Then he kissed me. A long time. Then he asked me how I learned to kiss like that. Then he whispered in my ear, you want to give them a real show now? We'll give them a little tongue. I said, You want to give them a real show? Just follow my lead. Because I didn't think the first kiss was that good.