I was at my birth home with all of my siblings. I was trying to talk Bill F and Brian F into switching bedrooms with Bev and me. One of them didn't want to do it but I don't remember why. I was trying to get them to switch, first of all, because Daddy had put a sliding glass door to the patio in their room. I had Sir Gallahad and I had decided to keep him because Bill F was going to be his primary caretaker. If I had the room with the sliding glass door I could put him out on the patio at night and he would be easier to clean up after. Bev didn't want to switch rooms and Bill F didn't want to switch. We talked a little bit about Brian F and Bev sharing a room and Bill F and I sharing a room. But then we decided that was not the best idea at our age. We finally ended up switching bathrooms. We ended up doing a major remodel to the bathroom that was going to belong to Bev and me. When we got done with the remodel it had a kind of Florida feel to it. It was a lot of white wicker. Very spacious. Mother said after we were done that she was really glad we had remodeled because she liked it so much more. We moved the bathtub. We took the shower stall out. It was very nice. We had fixed up a whole closet for Sir Gallahad and for another animal. a duck. Sir Gallahad learned how to talk. I don't remember what he said. The sliding glass doors from the boys room seemed to be at the back of the closet. I had to move all of these clothes out of the way every time I wanted to open or close it. I don't think we were going to put Sir Gallahad out there after all. Bill F and someone else had been working with him and gotten him to a point where the hall closet worked very well for him. I remember what we did but not well enough to describe it. Part of the trick was getting him to stay in there at bedtime. It seems that someone else was involved somehow. But I can't remember who or why. Even though Bev and I were living there and sharing a room, Mari Kate S and Andrew S were also there. After we had finished all of the remodeling we were having problems with the toilet in the boys room. It almost overflowed every time you flushed it. Every time we tried to flush it Daddy would have to run in and stop it before it did overflow. I kept having to go to the bathroom so I kept going to use the one we just finished remodeling. But then the last time we used it we had the same problem there. It did overflow a little before Daddy got in there. Earlier, before we did all this moving around or something in Bev and my room, the housekeeper came in and vacuumed the floor. There were some bugs and stuff. I said, well, that's not my fault. She said, no it isn't. There was all this powder and I said, honestly, all the powder is my fault. We wanted to finish cleaning up from our work in the bathrooms. It was getting late and Bev wanted to get Mari Kate S and Andrew S home. We made Andrew S lie down in the boy's room but that wasn't working because he kept getting up. Then I took him into Mother and Daddy's room and turned out all the lights. There were two toilets in there. One sitting out in the room where their white chair always used to sit and the other was in the closet. Andrew S wanted some milk. I went to the refrigerator. There was a baby bottle in there, partially full. Bev told me to just fill that up and give it to him. I didn't even question the fact that I was giving him a baby bottle. I was just questioning filling that one up and giving that one to him. Somebody said that Mother had plenty of milk so it wasn't a problem. So I went ahead and did that. I took him into Mother and Daddy's room and turned out all the lights. Later he got back up again anyway. I had gone into the bathroom and started cleaning up while everyone else was doing something else. I had gotten most of the mess cleaned up except for scrubbing the floor. When I did that Andrew S was sleeping in there. I asked Bev if I could scrub that while Andrew S was sleeping and she told me no. I took him to Mother and Daddy's room to sleep. I did end up scrubbing the bathroom. Nick R was there waiting for us to get done. He finally said he had to go. It was pretty late at night and I was concerned about him driving home and staying awake. He apologized and said that he was sorry but he really had to go because he had an early morning. Andrew S kept interrupting us. Bev was trying to stop him. I was trying to say good-bye. I walked out into the kitchen and was sitting in the corner of the counter. He moved close to me, in between my legs and said he really wanted another chance. I questioned that it would make any difference. He said that it might not make any difference on the phone calls but it would make a difference in any other way. I was really debating and asked him why it wouldn't make any difference on the phone calls but I woke up before he answered.