I was in a hotel. I was trying to get out and I was flying. Somehow when I was flying to get out I kept getting to one point where I would get turned around and right back to where I was. I no longer had control and something turned me around and sent me back. There were Christmas trees in this hotel with the old-fashioned tinsel. I thought the trees were so pretty. I ended up in this bar. Maybe there were strippers in there. I was lying on the bar and there was a man there who was my bodyguard. I just thought, I don't want to do this anymore. I just want to get out of here. He came with me. He was going to get me out of there. We were trying to leave the hotel, only now there was another couple with us. It was a black couple. As we were trying to leave the hotel, we kept coming to these things that you might see in an amusement park fun house. It looked like; I don't know how to describe it, like one looked like it was a spiral. It just looked like a picture but you could actually walk into it. You didn't know. You had to just walk into this picture and you didn't know what was going to happen. We did that. Then we came to another place that looked like squares that just kept getting smaller. I actually led us into that one. I had some kind of square thing that one was red. The spiral thing was kind of like silver and black. I had this red square. We were going through. It got to a point where it was so small. I realized that we weren't going to be able to go any further. I said, back up. Back up. For some reason I thought we had to do it quickly. This man I was with, my bodyguard. It was he and I and two other women. He got us out of the hotel and we were in a car. He was driving really fast. He headed into the woods on this road. The road was extremely hilly and curvy. I was very scared because you couldn't see what was in front of you. He was totally confident. Some of those hills were so steep down and so steep back up again. The kind that makes your stomach jump. He is going through the woods. All of the sudden we were in water. Our car was floating in the water. I said, roll down the windows and try to grab some bottles or pieces of wood or something that you can use as a paddle. None of the other three would grab anything. I grabbed a bottle and began paddling. I got us very quickly to a dock. It was out in the middle of the water but it was a dock attached to a house. They couldn't believe how quickly I got us there. I didn't tell them but there was an animal underwater that actually pulled us to the dock. It just seemed that I did it. It was a cow, because later it was a cow's head. We got out of the car and these people invited us in. It turned out to be the family of one of the girls that was with us. I think one of the girls with us was named Phoebe and I think it was her family. They loaned us a boat. We were standing on the dock before then. I was talking to Phoebe and said, You know. This is probably the highlight of our life. This trip that we've been on and where we're going. I don't remember where we were going. She agreed. I said, We really need to just enjoy and appreciate this trip while we're on it. Because we will likely never do anything like this again in our lives. Somewhere along here, before Phoebe joined us, myself and this man were in love. This other woman. I think her name was Patty [unknown] but I don't know here. The three of us decided that we would live together. We decided that we would tell people that we knew. When we were driving, we were driving along this field and saw a friend of ours working in this field. We stopped and were talking to him, I think the man I was in love with was named Tom [unknown in waking life]. Tom told this man, Yep, Patty and I are going to live together. He didn't say anything about me. I was really upset and hurt. I didn't say anything. Then I saw a penny along the road and picked it up. Patty and Tom got in the car. I saw a whole bunch of change along the road and I started picking it up. They were getting really aggravated with me. They kept saying, come on. We've got to go. We've got to go. I was picking up all of this change and putting it in my pocket. When I finally got in the car they said, don't you realize what you were doing was illegal? Picking up that money. I didn't understand what they were talking about. why they thought picking up this money that someone had dropped along the road was illegal. They apparently thought it belonged to this man that we stopped and talked to. We were in the car and Tom and Patty both knew I was really upset because of what Tom had said to our friend and that he didn't mention me. Tom took his pants off like he wanted to have sex with me, as though that would make everything better. I wouldn't have any part of that. We were headed into the road. This is when Phoebe was with us now too. Phoebe's parents loaned us this boat. We were in the boat headed someplace. Phoebe was talking about being pregnant. I said, that's alright Phoebe. You and I can get an apartment and I can help you take care of your baby. Everything will be fine. We learned that Patty was pregnant too but it wasn't Tom's baby. I went back to Phoebe's parent's house. The others were attacked by some men on another boat. I hid under the house when they came there. They left. Tom came back and told me that he realized that I was the only one he really loved. We kissed.