I was on the television program Just Shoot Me. It was apparently my first time on the show. I was standing waiting, ready for my cue to go on. I was to go into Jack P's office through a side door with a cigar box. There were two short cigars in the box but they actually looked like two rosebuds lying on a white cloth. Before my cue he came out and I was standing next to a crewmember. He said to the crew don't have them offer me or ask me to smoke one of the cigars because I don't want to do that. She nodded yes and he walked away. I thought hmmm, when I go on I'm going to ask him to smoke one of the cigars with me. It was my cue and I went on and he was standing on the right end of his desk and I walked around him to the left end and I opened the cigar box and said here, join me. It kind of threw him for a loop. He acted like he couldn't see or something so I moved around the front of the desk closer to him and again offered him the cigar. Then someone else came in and took them and said something and left. We touched and he was saying something to one of the crew about my doing that and so I decided that I needed to go apologize. We were done for the day and he was in his dressing room, I suppose. I went back and excused myself and said, I really wanted to apologize. He kind of looked at me. I said, Well, I was standing right next to the crew person when you said you didn't want me to do that. It bothered me that you just didn't say it to me since I was standing right there. He smiled. I said, but still, that's no excuse and I am sorry that I did that. He seemed to like that. He smiled and said No problem. Don't worry about it. He left. It was a really weird set. When I was going in and out I was climbing over these boxes and up over these walls and back down. One time when I came in there were all of these boxes piled up, some above my head, with stuff like different bright colored paper towels, different colors of toilet paper and all kinds of stuff. In one box there were marshmallows, both big and small. One of the bags of the large ones was open so I took a couple of them and ate them. One other time Jack P was looking for the marshmallows. He had expressed a romantic interest in me. I think it was to someone else first and then I heard about it. I thought that was very exciting.