I stopped to see Dorothy S. What a mistake! She was at home baking cookies for the church or school. There were cookies everywhere. Valentine's day cookies. I stopped in and she greeted me, but not with a hug or anything like she would have in waking life. She opened the door and let me in. I went in and tried to have a conversation and I misworded something and she was asking me what was going on so I told her. She said she wasn't going to go back to school. She was very content being a full time mom and homemaker. I thought that was great. Unfortunately, then I worded the next thing wrong, I said if I could stay home and live off someone else I would do it in a heartbeat. That was not the best way to word it. I went on to say, but I would want to continue my dreamwork because I get such a high off it. It is just so much fun and so rewarding. She just looked at me and didn't smile or respond or anything. I tried to repair my first sentence by saying I think it would be great to be at home full-time to take care of the house and things like that. Her youngest daughter, Tina S, came out. Then they had to go to the school to pick up Tara S. She asked me if I wanted to go along so I did. We got to this school and there was a basket with a bunny in it. I get a sense that it was Tina S's. Dorothy S asked me if I still had my rabbit. I said, No, as he got older and developed his adult coat I became more and more allergic to him. She said, Oh, that was just his first coat. If you had waited until his second you would have been fine. I was thinking, that was his second coat. I didn't say anymore. The rabbit in the basket got away and we were chasing it and he hopped up a tree and was hopping around on the branches. We were having trouble catching him. Finally he started back down and I was able to grab him. I held on to him until- Dorothy S went into the school to get Tara S. When they came out they had this stuff in her hands including this really big stuffed pink animal. When we drove to school I was sitting in the front seat with Dorothy S and Tina S was in back. I don't _____ getting in the car. We went back to. On the way back to her house she was talking about exercising and how she has this stationary bicycle that is so easy to do an hour a day on. She has been doing that and how good she feels. While I was watching her walk into the school to get Tara S it looked to me like she was pregnant. I wasn't going to ask if she wasn't going to say anything because I would hate to be wrong. Because that would imply that she looks like she is pregnant, which she does to me. Anyway, she was talking about what great shape she is in from riding this bike, and going on and on. Then I find out right before I leave that her and Tony S both used the Hollywood 48 diet. After we got home these three men showed up and she was playing racquetball in the house with these three men, in the dining room and family room area. She wasn't really talking much so I finally picked up my keys and said, Well, I'm sorry but I need to go Dorothy S. I tried to wait until they took a little break so I could hug her and she just kind of looked at me and kept playing. So I just waved goodbye and headed out the door and left. I tried to leave but I had car trouble. She gave me keys and was going to let me drive Tony S's white Rolls Royce with red interior convertible home. I was trying to maneuver it to turn it around so I could get out with all of these trees around. Either her mother or Tony S's mother went in and talked to Dorothy S and were kind of, not scolding her but, telling her that she really had no idea what it was like be a single parent responsible for everything in the household. earning the income, trying to keep up the house, do a good job raising the children, etc. That she should have been more kind to me and respectful that I am doing all that and continuing my education.