I was with family members. It was women and children. We went to an amusement park. We were trying to decide what to do; whether to go ahead and ride some rides or wait for the men to join us. We did ride some rides. On one ride the operator stopped to let someone off and the rest of us in my family decided to get off as well. The men had finally joined us. My husband was a different nationality, dark skinned, about the same height. We weren't walking next to each other. he finally walked up next to me and put his arm around me. He didn't have a shirt on. Average size man. I put my arm around him. I thought it was odd that he didn't have a shirt on and I don't particularly care for men to be out in public without a shirt on. he was sitting and I was standing next to him. I leaned over and I kissed him on the cheek. He gave me a strange look. He said, I don't know why you do that. I said, why, what's the big deal. He just really disproved of any kinds of public displays of affection, even though it was a simple kiss on the cheek. We finally went to this big area, where you could get food and sit down at these long tables to eat. We were sitting there. We had two small children. I don't know if they were twins or simply very close in age. One was a girl and the other a boy. Through most of the dream I thought they were twins. It wasn't until the end of the dream that I questioned that. We were sitting in this dining area and my husband pulled out a gun and shot some people. Then he turned the gun on himself and shot himself in the chest but he didn't die right away. He lied there still for a minute. I was down on the ground next to him, perpendicular to him. I saw him raise his gun and I reached to try to get it away from him so he wouldn't shoot anyway else. Another man was sitting close by and saw. I was weak or injured or something and this other man managed to get the gun away from him. Then my husband died. We are walking toward our cars to go home. I was injured and walking with a cane. I would come to the top of the incline where the floor was polished. It was a really pretty colorful tile. Because it hurt for me to walk I thought I would just slide down the inclines. I would slide until I stopped or until I bumped into something in front of me. I was going to let my daughter stop me at the end. My sister said I couldn't do that because she's so little that I would just knock her over. Of course, she was right. Before we left the amusement park, after my husband died, one of my sisters said, well, Eddie's here. He'll be here for you now. He was either supposed to be my husband now or wanted to marry me. I thought he wasn't that attractive. I wasn't physically attracted to him. He seemed like a nice enough man. I was thinking about this as things progressed. I thought, well, gee with what I've been through you would think he would be a little more attentive to me right now. I was injured and having trouble walking and he didn't really do much to assist me. He didn't ever ask me if I was okay or needed help or anything. I thought that was kind of strange. I was back at my birth home and I was in my bedroom, my two children were in the boy's bedroom. Brian F was there. Daddy was there. I went outside for some reason. Aunt P and Aunt H came. I kind of looked over to Aunt P, hugged her, and started crying/sobbing. She was consoling me. Aunt H went ahead and went inside. I finally went back inside and went into the bathroom. There was something weird about the bathroom but I can't remember now what it was. Then I went back into my room. I just had my robe on and nothing on under it. I was lying on the bed crying. Daddy came in. He was lying on the bed next to me, talking to me and stuff. At this point, it felt like Mother was also dead. So he was talking about how this was difficult for me too. He kept wanting to touch my pubic hair. I kept pushing his hand away and I finally yelled, STOP! He said, why? I said, because it makes me really uncomfortable. He said, well it shouldn't. I said, but it does. He tried one more time and I angrily pushed his hand away and said, STOP IT! He finally got up and left. I was just lying there sobbing and Brian F was fixing lunch. grilled cheese and tomato soup. He asked me if I wanted some. I said, Yes I do. I'll be right out to help. I apparently stayed in my room too long. I went into the other room to my kids and they had been napping and they heard me come in and they both got up came to me. I was just thinking, how am I going to tell them that their daddy is dead. How am I going to raise these two children by myself? I already raised one child by myself. I don't want to do this again. My little girl, she was just a little bit shorter than the boy was. This is when they didn't seem like twins to me. I even questioned it in the dream. Which is really odd they were my children. The little girl asked me where Elly was. She said, mommy. I said, you spend so much time with Elly you think Elly is your mommy. I said, I'm mommy and I'm right here. I guess I didn't tell them about their daddy. I went out to the kitchen to help with lunch and I could see that everyone else was done and Brian F hadn't made anything for me. So, I got stuff out of the refrigerator and I was going to fix myself some lunch. I looked in the living room and Mother was sitting there. I stopped in my tracks. I looked again and I thought, it is mother. I thought, is she alive? So I walked in very slowly and leaned over her. She was sitting on the couch with her head back and looked like she was sleeping. I said, mother? She raised her head and said yes? I just started sobbing and she stood up and I hugged her and I told her that I thought she was dead and I told her how much I loved her.