I'm in a pool of water. My oldest daughter Dovre, is with me. She has 3 air mattresses she is laying on; she keeps rearranging them. One has a nice texture, another goes inside the outer layer of the other. I'm on an air mattress too. I float to the shallows. There is a large house near by. I say that I'm really tired. I don't want to go to the "thing" tonight. "Maybe I'll go and take a nap and later we can go." She agrees. I go to the house. I'm in the kitchen and my cousin Darcy is upstairs. She screams and runs down to us. We go upstairs because we can't understand what she is telling us. She points to a bed covered with blankets and clothes. The electric blanket on top keeps sparking. She's frantic about that spark. "It will start a fire." I calm her down and she leaves. I look at the dresser against the wall behind the bed and it's covered with clothes, things. I sigh because it will take a lot of work to put it all in order and pack it. I start downstairs and an old woman, the landlady, is at the bottom coming up to see what all the fuss is about. I talk to her as I descend. Then I notice a few people sitting around and standing in my living room. Now it's a cocktail party. Everyone has name tags. A balding man stops me and introduces himself and says,"Hi." He knows Verna the librarian and he just wanted to say hi. He says something else but I don't hear it. I pretend I understand and nod hoping I made the right response. There are 3 or 4 couples on or near the couch. I go over there. A reddish-haired guy comes down the stairs playing detective. He's sleuthing for his birthday present. It is some family custom of my neighbors that are somehow in-law related to me. He finds a cardboard box with record albums in it, alphabetized with ABC indexes. He pulls one out and hands it to a woman, his mate. He says the name of it and shrugs and says, "I'd give it a 9." She's a little put out at him. What if the giver of the present were around. They'll have hurt feelings. His name is Gary. Then the other couple's cardboard boxes appear on their laps and they do it also. I am there but not a real part of the group.