I was at Kings Island with Daddy and three other family members. I don't know which three. Daddy had gone off by himself somewhere and was supposed to meet us at this one spot. We were sitting there for him for a long time. We realized we didn't have much time before we had to leave and I was frustrated that we had spent so much money on tickets to get in and we weren't going to have time to ride a single ride while we were there. We sat down and continued to wait. We finally decided that we needed to just go try to find him. I didn't want to go off by myself because I have trouble finding my way around there and not getting lost. We just all stayed together and it seemed to me that we were retracing our steps. I don't know. this is sketchy. We covered the whole park and didn't find him. We were going to see if they had any kind of a PA system where they could page him. We didn't know how we were going to find him. It was dark and they were closing up. The employees were starting to go home and we were getting really concerned. We didn't know how we were going to find him. I went in to use the restroom. They had very strange restrooms like in a foreign country where they don't actually have a toilet but rather just a drain in the floor. I heard some employees in the restroom talking. It seems as though someone was chasing us or I don't know. We kept going in and out of these hallways. We would accidentally end up in the men's room so we would just rush through hoping we wouldn't be noticed and finding our way out. But we kept weaving in and out of these, like hallways or something, and couldn't find our way out. It was almost like a maze. We would find our way out into a hallway of the building but then there wouldn't be anyplace else to go except a couple of very small doorways, like children's size doorways. Some child had set-up something like traps and told us at the end of that hallway that we had to go just one way. There is a lot missing and a lot that I simply cannot describe. There was no ceiling on this building. The walls of the building started collapsing like dominoes. We jumped on top of them and were just trying to stay on top of them as they toppled over.