I was asleep but experiencing extreme periodic limb movements, both arms and legs. I could hear someone say that I should get up and take some Advil or ibuprofen as that would help it tremendously. However, I couldn't wake myself up to do so. I thought I was crying out help me, help me. But no one was around to hear me. At first I was asleep in my own bed here at home and realized that there was no one else in the house to hear me. The scene shifted and I was in my bed at my birth home and I was thinking that BJ would be coming to bed soon and she would hear me and help me. The scene shifted again and I was an elderly person in a group home. I shared a bed with someone and there were four of us in the room. I was experiencing the same thing but the caretakers refused to give us anything. She was a very mean person. Several of us were experiencing health problems that kept us incapacitated and the caretaker preferred it that way. A new caretaker came and she gave us all the medications that we needed to feel better. We immediately began to feel better and we got out of bed and began doing things and going places. Several of us went to visit our families for the first time in a long time. One of the people died however, having been able to say their good-byes to their family. We were all happy for that person. Because of that death there was a change in bed partners. It wasn't necessarily same-gender bed sharing but there was no romantic or sexual activity either. I think over the course of the dream several people died, but they were all happy at the time of their death. This felt really good. I don't remember the exact transition of all the scenes. I was at this church. I don't recall my age. I was sitting in the pew not feeling well. I thought I was going to pass out. Just as I thought I was going to pass out, I saw myself slump over in the pew. I realized that I had died now also. The monsignor of the church was standing by my side. Even though he was alive, he could see me standing next to him. It was his job to help direct people who were newly crossing over from his church, so he had been given the gift by God to see the spirit of the person who had crossed, just as they had done so. He assigned them a spirit guide to lead them until the person was comfortable being on their own. Before I left with my spirit guide, the monsignor walked me around the inside parameter of the church. On the walls were banners in memory of those who had passed inside the church. He pointed out my banner. The banner said some very nice things about me. I didn't realize it was me, however, until he lifted it and showed me my name underneath. It was an incredible feeling. Especially as we floated into the air and overlooked the people and scenery beneath us. We floated over the cemetery. I saw Grandma F's headstone. I went to the ground and brushed away the grass and leaves. I spoke to her, hoping she would come out and speak with me, but she didn't. I was okay with that, thinking that it just wasn't meant to be, or at least not yet. I arose and continued floating around the cemetery. I saw Father F's headstone and went down to it. My spirit guide said that after passing we can have a wish come true that we know couldn't when we were alive. I really wanted to talk to Father F again so his spirit arose from the grave. My spirit guide left us alone. We had a wonderful chat. I went back inside the church and was looking at the banners again. This time I noticed one for BJ hanging there. There were a number of people/family members represented on her banner. I was surprised to see her banner. that she had died. But I also didn't know who all the people represented. The monsignor, who was now Father M, came up and told me that it was her children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren. He also told me that she hadn't died yet, but that only I could see her banner as a sign that she would be joining me from that church. Her and her children came into the church for my funeral. They were very sad and I didn't want them to be sad for me. I was very happy. It felt wonderful to be free of the limitations and suffering of the physical body and a physical existence. God allowed her to see my spirit and communicate with her. It provided her with comfort, not only with my own crossing over but with the idea of her own eventual crossing. I did not tell her about her banner and what I knew about her crossing. I went back out to the cemetery for my burial. As I was hovering afterward, I saw my family wandering about the cemetery with the Kidwell family. Aunt A was pointing out that they had purchased burial spots so she, Uncle J, their children and their spouses, would all be buried together. I thought how unusual this was, at least according to the cemetery rules at St. Joe. I went back into the church. There was a mass going on and Father Marty was standing near an inside door. Another priest had just taken over as Monsignor of that parish. As I watched, I saw Father M's spirit leave his body. The new Monsignor directed him to me. I was to be his spirit guide. I welcomed him home. I took him around the parameter of the church and showed him the banners, and pointed out his own banner. I helped him get adjusted to floating. I took him to the cemetery. I told him about the ability to have one wish realized now that would not have been possible while in the physical body. Later, which must have been months or years later, I went to Father M's gravesite and saw that he was completely decomposed. All that remained were the things that he was buried in and with. Still, somehow, I was able to speak to him. I told him I wanted to be with him again, that I really missed him. He said, but don't you see, it's too late now!