I was in the garage of a house. I went outside to look at the address to figure out where I was. I saw the number on the house was 914. The name on the street sign was Field St. I realized that I was lucid so I ran back into the house to get a piece of paper to right it down so I wouldn't forget it when I woke up. I thought this might be my next home. When I went back out to look again and make sure I had it right, as happens in dreams every time I looked at the number on the house it changed. It kept changing up from 400. I couldn't read the street sign anymore but I remembered that it was field. I wanted to find out where the house was. I found a piece of paper. At first I thought it said it was in CI, then I saw PT on the paper. As I was headed back to the garage I was noticing how nicely the property was landscaped. Near the garage door was an evergreen that was dying, however. It was as though it had vertical stripes of brown dead branches all around it. I leaned over to click off the outdoor light by the cord hanging from it. I remember thinking that I needed to get the evergreen replaced. I noticed that there were lights on inside the house, but behind the garage. I went inside and back to those rooms to see what the rooms were and why the lights were on. There were three different rooms. The first one was a laundry room. The second one had bins in the wall kind of like a post office box on the street, where you pull it open and drop the mail in. One of the bins was for mail and the other was for trash. I thought it was so cool to have a mail drop box there like that. The third room had the same kind of bins but these were for recycling. They were small narrow rooms. I left and went into the main part of the house. I was wondering around in awe, with the thought that this was going to be my future home in waking life so I was very interested in looking around. As I entered the main part of the house from the garage it had a huge open foyer with a very high ceiling. Directly in front of me was a wide staircase with banister on both sides, centered in the foyer. The stairs were carpeted, a print, maybe oriental pattern. I started up the stairs to see the other floors and a woman came in the house. I didn't know what to say to her because I didn't know who she was. She seemed to be Mexican perhaps. I thought she might be the housekeeper. I don't know how but I realized that I was the housekeeper and she was the woman of the house. She was giving herself a facial, I suppose, because she appeared to have a green facial mask on. I asked her if I could speak with her. She took me up to the first landing and sat in a chair and I sat on the floor at her feet. I asked her for her thoughts about dreams and the truth of their messages. She agreed that dreams are important and often given us factual information. I told her that I had dreamt that I was going to be living in this house. She didn't say anything. I asked her if she ever thought about having a live-in housekeeper. I said I could do that and proceeded to tell her the benefits to her of doing that. She agreed to the arrangement. I asked if I could look at the rest of the rooms in the house. The house seemed to have several stories but perhaps just 2 or 3 rooms on each floor. The house was fairly large though. When I was approaching one set of two doors, she mentioned her son who had died young. These were his rooms. I looked in one room and there was nothing in there but a bed. She was talking about his awards and accomplishments and that she hadn't touched his rooms since his death. I went to the other door. I felt as though I was going to fall off the landing but I'm not sure why. The door opened up from the floor and there was nothing in there. It didn't even seem to be a room. I was trying to clean the dirt off the door as I held it up. still afraid of losing my balance and falling off the landing. We went back downstairs. I did not see a living room or any bathrooms in the house. We went into the kitchen. Someone else was there now. Someone that I knew but I can't name them. The owner was getting something to drink. She had become a soda machine and she was spinning in circles before pouring herself something to drink. After she turned back into a person I asked her why she spun around before pouring her drink and she said she does that to mix it up before pouring. I poured myself some juice in a glass that looked like a miniature brandy snifter. I saw two little girls playing in a window, inside the house. It almost looked like an empty store window. It was carpeted and well lit but empty, except for the two little girls playing there. I learned that the owner's two sisters lived with her as well and that the two children belonged to each of them. This made me think that Matthew might be able to come and live there as well. She was scolding her sisters about something and they were all preparing for bed. Three men came in to talk to the owner. She introduced me to them. One was responsible for the house, the other for the landscape, and the third oversaw everything. I reminded myself that I should tell the landscaper about the dying evergreen. She gave me a key to the house and told me that I could move in the next day but I would need to start early and be done between 3 and 5 in the afternoon. I told her that was not a problem, as my family would want to be finished by then anyway. I was thinking that I needed to hurry home and call them so they could get there early in the morning. She pointed out to me to clean up the glasses that the others had left sitting before I went to bed. We remembered that she had not yet shown me my room. We went upstairs and she unlocked the door to my room. It was as small as a closet. Room for one twin size bed and a dresser. It did not even have a closet in it. There was an alcove in which I thought another twin size bed might fit. I asked her about doing that so Matthew could stay there as well. I think I woke up before she answered me. I was walking around outside just looking at the house. I was thinking that I wasn't that crazy about the looks of it from the outside but that it was beautiful on the inside. I also didn't like that it was only a one-car garage. The outside was red brick and had no windows that could be seen from the front or the left side. The garage was on the right side of the house. It did have interesting lines. Standing in front of the house, facing it, it sat on a corner, with the cross street on the right side of the house.