I was the daughter of a black family. We lived in a bad part of town. One of my brothers went out to play with his friends and we heard shooting. We all got down and got him back in the house. Mother and Daddy, but particularly Mother, was talking about the kind of friends my brother had. My parents were thinking about getting a new bed and then had one delivered to try out. There was hardly room for it in our small home/apartment. I'm not sure which it was. I had a room upstairs that I shared with siblings; I think both brothers and sisters. My brother had some of his friends over for a party. My parents had just gotten new carpet and his friends got peanut butter all over the carpet. I told him he needed to get it cleaned up before they got home but he didn't do anything. I worked on it some but quit. I don't know why. Some of his friends wanted to dance with me. Now I was a white person and his friends were white as well. I was supposed to choose one of his friends after I had danced with several of them. I chose one with long, dark, wavy hair and dark eyes. He had a very smooth, clear complexion and a very kind face. We hit it off pretty well. it was months later and a girl showed up saying she was the mother of this man's children. The children, however, were actually snakes. Real snakes. Two of them were huge. Very long and very big around. They almost looked like cobras as you noticed their hoods when they raised off the ground. There was also one much smaller snake. I didn't want anything to do with them. I hate snakes. I suppose I fear them. Anyway, I was told that I was now responsible for these snakes because I had chosen this man. But he decided he was no longer interested in me. A bunch of his friends were there but they all finally left, and left a huge mess. I noticed that the peanut butter stains were still there and I couldn't believe that my parents had let my brother get away with not cleaning them up. My parents decided that it was time to move into a bigger home. My mother designed a very contemporary and very large house. When we were ready to move we were taking things off the walls and packing. Every time I thought we were done I realized there were still many things on the walls that we had not taken down and packed. I especially noticed that I had missed plaques and things about Matthew and I wanted to be sure not to miss them. The neighbors had some mean dogs, maybe Dobermans. They kept coming into the old house and worrying us as we were trying to pack and move. When we got to the new house I couldn't find my room. I went into the house and it had a very strange type of spiral staircase. The spiral staircase reminds me of something you would see in a Dr. Seuss book. Very odd shaped, large, and bright colors. As I went up the staircase I kept finding bathrooms and I knew who they were for. Then I found some bedrooms and I knew who they were for. But I didn't find my room. I finally went and asked my mom and found out that she did not have a room put in for me. Now the family was black. I'm not sure if I was black or white at this point. I was very upset that I did not have a room and I didn't know where I was going to go or what I was going to do. I finally found my dad and told him what she did. He was upset and just shaking his head. He was and wasn't surprised by what she did. I know that I am not her daughter but I am his daughter. I think he is going to send me to live with a relative until he figures something out. My stepmother told me I could have one of the bathrooms because there were many more bathrooms in the house than there were people.