I was with a large group of people. We went to a prison to do one-on-one counseling with prisoners. I didn't know all the people in the group. Terri O and Audrey T and Karen W were all in the group. We had car-pooled. When we arrived and went inside we had to walk along this ledge. All of the walls had a ledge just a few inches off the floor and only about 4-5 inches wide. We had to walk on this ledge rather than on the floor. We were obviously in single file. When we each came to the person that we were supposed to be counseling then we would go into that cell. We had to climb up into the cell with the prisoner. I was the last one to get to the cell of the prisoner I was going to be working with. I was in a section that was all women. I had past one cell and I thought I past the one I was supposed to go into. Since I wasn't sure I backed up and looked at a sign on the wall to double check. Then I went back and climbed up into the cell with the woman I was supposed to be counseling. There were two women prisoners in that cell. The woman that I was counseling was in the middle of a visit with her five children. I don't remember a lot about the counseling session. Going into it I was somewhat concerned about doing one-on-one counseling with a prisoner. I wasn't sure that I was ready or qualified to do counseling with a prisoner. When we were ready to leave we had to walk on these ledges again. This time, when we were leaving, we got separated. Some of us got lost and were having trouble finding our way out. There was one point that we were walking by the prisoners but they were no longer in individual cells. They were in spaces that remind me of cubicles. There were 6-8 prisoners per cubicle. Half on each side of the cubicle. There were no doors or bars on the end. We were at a higher level than they were so we could see down into the cubicles and see them. Occasionally there were some standing. We finally found our way outside, but we weren't all together. When my group got outside we realized that there had been a breakout. The prisoner's who had broken out had guns so I scrambled to get into a car with some of the other counselors. I think there were five of us in that car. Karen W was driving. We just kept telling her to drive faster. There was a lot of shooting going on. I thought we should all be crouching down in the seats so we wouldn't be hit by bullets coming through the windows. But I didn't say what I was thinking. We did keep telling Karen W to drive faster. I didn't understand why she was hesitant to drive faster. With all the shooting going on, there was shrapnel falling on the roof of the car. As it was falling it was disintegrating the roof of the car. It wasn't coming through the roof, but more like melting it. There was black matter dripping down and landing on us, in our hair and on our faces and sticking. I don't remember that it hurt but I don't think it was going to come off very easily and I think I was concerned about it leaving scars or injuries. Now I was trying to get into a car with someone else. I did. As we were taking off I saw Audrey T running to get into a car. I kept saying that we needed to stop and let Audrey T get in but they wouldn't stop. They said, no, we just need to keep going. I was very upset with them about this. Karen W was driving. This is confusing. She wouldn't stop for Audrey T to get in. We got away. I don't know who I was with. I was with two black women that I don't know. We were out in the country. We came to a place where. I think we went to each of their homes. Each of their homes was like a very small wooden shack. maybe 8 ft by 8-ft square. They were very run down and full of stuff. One of them just had a couple of people in it and the other one had people sitting along all four walls. I was lying out in the grass. I woke up. I couldn't open my eyes all the way or couldn't see clearly. It was kind of like when I wake up and am having trouble with my contacts because I need to put drops in my eyes. I got up and started walking and I could feel the grass under my feet and how rough or uneven the ground was. I bent over and felt the grass and thought, oh, I'm awake. I started walking and then I saw two men walking up behind me. They had been with us at the prison. Now, though, we were all dressed up. They each had on suits. I thought we were all awake.