I went to the mall on a Sunday. Macy's was closed, but they had a door open so people could go through the store to get into the mall. It was dark in the store. As I was going through I noticed that they had one cashier working and one of the managers was there. They were letting people shop. The manager saw me and asked me if I would hang some signs for them. Apparently I was an employee but it was my day off. I was really irritated by this because I didn't want to do it because I didn't want to work on my day off. But I also didn't feel that I should say no. I grabbed the signs and I very hastily hung four signs. I didn't do it the way I would have, had I been on the clock. I ran out of tape. As I was getting ready to leave the manager said something to the employee. The employee explained how I had hung them. I had hung two facing in one direction and two facing in the opposite direction. I went out to the mall. There was a deli there. I decided to buy some ham and have it sliced. There was another woman there who was also buying ham and wanting to have it sliced for her own business. One of her hams was the size of a small person. She was dragging it on the floor and she had two smaller hams in her arms. I just had one small ham to have sliced but they made me wait until they were finished with her. So I set mine on the counter and decided to walk through the mall while I was waiting. As I walked through the mall I got lost. I got to one section that was all glass walls and doors that could be pushed open and shut. I got stuck in there. It was kind of like a maze. I was feeling panicky, as I would in such a situation in waking life due to claustrophobia probably. I finally stopped one and asked them to PLEASE help me to get out of there and back into the mall. She helped me to get out of there and back into the mall. But then I still couldn't remember which way I needed to go to get back to where I came in. So, I walked for a little while. I stopped someone else and asked for directions again. They gave me directions. I went up a ramp to one store that she had directed me to. The store was all unfinished furniture. The walls and floor were all the same kind and color of wood so it all blended together. I was walking through that store trying to find my way back out into the mall section that I wanted to be in. I couldn't find my way out so I had to stop someone else. I came to this counter and a man was working behind it. It was the actor that plays Dennis Finch on a weekly comedy program. I asked him for directions. As he was giving me directions he mentioned a place called Chow Chow's that sells great hotdogs. He said I would be walking by that. I said, Oh that sounds wonderful. I love hot dogs. I could really go for a good hotdog right now. Then I noticed that they were selling hotdogs in their store as well. I said, well, you have hotdogs. He made a sarcastic remark. I bought a hotdog from him. He didn't even ask me what I wanted on it. He was just putting all kinds of stuff on it that I wouldn't normally ask for, but I didn't stop him. I saw that they had desserts and asked what they were. One of them looked like a small bon-bon. They were telling me what it was and it was something very rich and exotic. I told them I would take one of them as well. I said, by the way, how much is it? He said, Ten dollars. I said, Ten dollars? I thought it must be really incredible so I was going to pay the ten dollars for it. He said, you're going to pay that? I said, if that's how much it costs. I thought it must be really wonderful to be worth ten dollars. He said, I was kidding you. Then I saw another kind of dessert and said I wanted that at first. He was taking his time fixing it. Kind of playing around. I had one near me and said, this one isn't full. I was still having trouble finding my way back. I finally did find my way back to the ham man. The first woman was gone but so was my ham. The man wasn't sure what I was talking about. I said, I bet you gave it to that other woman and he agreed that he probably had. I decided to just leave. I was in the CAS office. I was very sleepy and didn't want to drive home being so sleepy so I laid down on a sofa in the reception area to take a nap before I went home. While I was napping these other people kept coming in and I don't know who they were or why they were in there. They were Chinese. Maybe they were cleaning people but they had their children with them and the children were playing with some toys. They saw me there sleeping and were trying to be quiet. They didn't realize that I wasn't really asleep and knew what they were doing. I finally got up and said something to one of them because I couldn't get to sleep and I got frustrated. I did finally leave.