I was in our house in M City. I was in bed in my bedroom. I was suddenly remembering that I had hidden some letters and papers I had written long ago. That could help me understand. They were hidden in the side corners of the mattress. Near the bed, I saw some old books from my childhood. I picked up "Little Women" and was glad to find it. Then I started ripping off a cloth rectangle "label" of the corner (side of the mattress). I felt in there. At first I thought, "This is silly. There won't be anything there." I felt mattress stuffing. In the background, I sensed my mother. Then I found a letter, then some more letters, pads, and paper. I was so happy I had hidden them a long ago, and now I had them and they would help me. Then I went down to the swimming pool in M City. I walked well, no limp. I marveled at my cure. Still had limp muscles but felt I could fix them with a few days of exercise. I went into the women's dressing room. I knew I was going to see Darryl. I changed, a 1 piece black swim suit. I looked down at myself. My body was 37 years, breasts were sagging, etc., but still looking pretty good. I stepped to the door and showered. Then I felt my old anxieties well up and constrict my throat. I felt frozen. Then I smelled the strong odor of "chloroform," no, "chlorophyll," no, chlorine. I realized that was what was doing it. It had triggered an old memory. Then I felt O.K. I went in and marveled at how the swimming pool had changed. It was Olympic size, with lots of ladders and things to play on. I got in, marveling that it was easy now, that I was cured. I swam toward the deep end, not in excellent form, but O.K. 2 men were there from my old high school days. 1 was an old friend, the other was Darryl. He saw me. I smiled. He recognized me. His teeth were blackened out, some of them. He had changed too. He came over to me and the old feelings were there. We played in the water. We'd go underwater, laying one on top of the other and kiss. It felt good. We'd come up for air and roll over to reverse positions. Then I saw that newborn babies were being brought to their parents to have a snack and enjoy a swim with them. 1, dark haired, dark eyes, stared at me and I at him. I thought, "Huh, how large their heads are." Then Darryl and I agree to meet after we get out of the swimming pool. I had by this time chosen to ignore this other guy. I "gave him up." Then I'm back in the shower room, feeling happy and excited about meeting Darryl. Some of the "girl" cliques start asking me questions. I reminisce with them. I tell them an amusing story about Darryl. They invite me to go to a party at a nice house. I think maybe I'll go. I don't like them, but they are the "in" crowd. I think maybe I'll bring Darryl along. Somehow this is slightly shocking and I laugh to myself because it's fun.