I was on my way to the office and I was taking the route. I thought I was taking the route of K1 to 106th St. It seems that this is how this started. Then I was going up this road towards this path and I came up to an intersection. It was raining and there was something for me to step over as I crossed the intersection. I was thinking that I was looking for an intersection with a traffic light. I also remembered that I often miss that intersection and have to turn around and come back. That's what I did this time too. I turned around. I stepped off the path onto this farmer's property. As soon as the way was clear I got back on and headed back down. It seems as though when I stopped at the bottom of the path while I was talking to this man, there was somebody else behind me. He was also within earshot but I don't recall him participating in the conversation. The vehicle was like a sled but it has wheels instead of running blades. You can use it on any kind of surface or terrain. I was taking it for a ride, I guess is the best way to describe it. I went up this road and then go off onto a path that goes up a hill and then it leads into a park. From there I just picked it up and walked back to the car. When I was on my way to the path, I went to far and had to turn around and come back. When I turned around and came back, there was a fork or something and I took the wrong fork maybe. I was in this really wooded area. I was right along the edge. It was very narrow. There was hardly room to walk and I was on a kind of stone ledge. I could see the path just a few feet below me but too far to just jump off. I had to work my way backward to get back down on the road where I was supposed to be. Then I went back down to where I needed to be to go up the mountain path. I got to the bottom of the path. There was a man sitting there checking people in before they went up the hill. We were talking about exercise. I was talking about my blood pressure being so high and that being kind of dangerous. He warned there had just been a storm and that the path was rough right now. I thanked him for that. He was sitting there. I didn't want to get on my skateboard, for lack of a better description, where he could see me because I didn't want him to laugh or anything. I also had a blanket with me. Maybe I put the folded blanket on top of the sled to lay on. I started walking up this hill but it was so steep that I could hardly walk up. I would use my left foot to plan and then kind of pull my right foot up behind me. I had my left toes twisted towards the right, until I got out of sight from him. Then I was going to get on my skateboard, but the path. Some women came running down the path past me. The path was so full of leaves and branches and such that I had to keep walking. As I was walking I was using my hand to brush away the leaves and such off the path for anyone who came behind me. There was a tree trunk, a tree that had fallen. Instead of being across the path it was long the path the other way, leaving very little path to walk on. So I had to just keep walking. Then I came to a place there was a really big limb. I still couldn't ride. I had to keep walking. I got to a place where there was a big ball of plastic along the path attached to branches and stuff. I got it free and let it fall down the hill towards a house that was on the left at the bottom of the hill. I got past it. Right past that the path ended at a drop off. The drop off was very steep. The path was very narrow, almost had a point. Three sides around me dropped way down. I was really scared at that point. I was confused. I didn't know where to go. I couldn't believe that the storm had taken the path away. literally. It was a wide space between where I was and up ahead. There was no way you could even attempt to jump across. So I was looking around to try to decide what to do and was thinking about the situation. It was just unbelievable to me that this had happened. I turned around and I saw back and to my right some women were coming up towards the path that I was on. They were coming from a different direction. So I thought I would back down and then go off on the path where they were. But as I was backing down, there was so little path that I was very afraid of falling. I was looking for something to hold on to, to steady me. I reached for this branch with my left hand and then I was reaching for it with my right hand also and became very unbalanced. What I was reaching for wasn't there. The end of the branch that I was holding with my left hand just wasn't long enough to grab with my right hand too, but it was also pulling me forward a little bit.