I was giving dream lectures as the guest speaker at an elementary school in a class. I did several in one day for a variety of ages. I also did one at a high school. No, I think this was a college class. One of the men was attracted to me but would not say anything to me. I don't know how or why I knew that. There was also another man that carried on like he was attracted to me but I think it was just a ploy to get me to help him with something he shouldn't be doing. We went to a reception. There were a lot of refreshments. The man who was just acting like he was interested in me kept trying to convince me to hold on to his marijuana joints for him. I didn't want to have anything to do with it. He kept trying to sneak it under plate somehow. I kept saying no. Someone else, I think one of the college personnel found it and this man told him that it belonged to me. I denied it and said it belonged to him and that he had been trying to get me to hold on to it so he wouldn't get caught. After that I went out to a parking lot but I don't remember what happened after that. I started going to this school's basketball games. The one man that I knew really was attracted to me but wouldn't say anything to me was on the team. First I thought he was a player but later he was the team mascot. Everybody loved him. I went to one of the games and there was a special section that I always sat in. For some reason the people who sat in that section were significant but I don't remember why. I went up to the registration table to find my seat. The man who was signing me in said there were only two seats available. I asked him who was on either side of the empty seats. He said that he was one of them. I said that's good. The other seat was saved for the man that was attracted to me. I was cheering through one of the games and then winning some games or that game. For some reason, this college man wasn't involved in the game anymore because of something that was going on. He was frustrated or discouraged. I finally talked him into participating again. This is the point where he became the team mascot. At the final game, he put on the mascot uniform and came running out onto the floor and everybody was cheering and ecstatic that he was back. It seems that maybe I dated this man and then got married. We did end up getting married. We were definitely soulmates. Very much alike in our values and our ideas and ideals, our philosophies about life. We could not have been better matched. It was quite wonderful. He was attractive. We lived in this very small house that was very run down. We had a very active sex life. Very passionate and intense and frequent. We were taking pictures of each other's genitals but I have no idea why. It was not for any erotic purpose. We were talking about the beauty of the human body, especially the genital area, and intrigue of how the male and female genitals were created so differently. We took the picture and wanted to get them developed but we found out it was going to cost us $12,000 to do that. Obviously, we didn't. I think we were going to use them for artwork. At this point I was the woman but watching the dream also. I was tired of the physical state of the house we were living in. I wanted to move into a bigger and a little bit nicer home. Nothing big and fancy but just not something that was so rundown and falling apart. I also wanted something just a bit bigger. This created quite a rift in our relationship because he was very content where we were. One of the things that was nice is that when we got married we were both so okay with living in that house. For some reason I changed and wanted to live in a bit bigger and nicer house.