Many members of my family had come to the city where I live to attend my child support hearing with me. I was living in a house. It was just a series of problems. I was rushing around because I didn't want to be late. They were doing different things to slow me down or to impede my timeliness or schedule. I was living in a house, maybe in a house on Lakeland Dr. I was thinking about the laundry room and the backdoor there. BJ said something about me having a backdoor and I said, yes, we have a backdoor in the laundry room. She said something about it and I said, well, it's not like we hang out in the laundry room. We finally got in the car. Someone else was driving. I was sitting in the back seat and trying to give them directions. I could hardly see. They were driving really fast. They missed one turn. We got on, I think it was 82nd St. but it didn't look like 82nd St. in waking life. They were driving very fast and were in the wrong lane. Because they were in the wrong lane they ended up on I-70 and weren't supposed to be there. As soon as we realized what we had done we pulled off and started backing up through the median trying to get back where we wanted to be. There were some workmen who were just watching us. It didn't look like we were going to be able to get back. We couldn't get to the other lanes where we could head the other direction on the other road. We kept backing up and then we had intended to try to back up in the grass back on to 82nd St. Bill F, Brian F, Mother, BJ, Rachel S were all there. We all ended up in different places. I said, You left Rachel S alone? Brian F said, Well Bill F was going after her. I was just freaking out that they had done that. Rachel S is only 3. Several of us ended up on a boat headed somehow between the highways. Someone else was on something in front of us. We were pulling on this rope to move the boat forward and get us where we wanted to be. Whoever was in front of us joined us on the boat. We all ended up together, with Rachel S. While we were on this boat it was raining or storming. We had two things of candles and two plates with two pillar candles on each. Julie D was with us at this point. She was saying something about the candles being lit so I was trying to protect them from falling over and causing a fire or burning anyone. We finally ended up at the child support office where we were supposed to be. My attorney was trying to be very nice about my whole family being there but she realized that we shouldn't talk in front of them. She tried to find a place where she and I could talk privately. I pointed to two sofas that were positioned into an L shape. I suggested we sit there and talk. She said that was fine. Then she said No. Let's go to one of my associate's offices. So went there. I had the feeling that she was going to be very effective and that she was very understanding, sympathetic with my case, of the same beliefs.