I had gone to see Doctor Pf. We were standing in the hallway outside of one of the exam rooms. I told him I was feeling so much better since I was back on my medications and I thanked him for that. He gave me the bill and I headed to the counter where I normally pay. It was as though I was having trouble seeing. That only lasted for a few seconds. When I got to the counter to pay I noticed that the bills were different. They were no longer the two part forms. It was just a regular piece of paper. He had not written any amount due. I handed it to the nurse and she said I could just hold on to the paper and pay the bill on-line if you want or she could take a check. I said that this would probably save their office a lot of money. She didn't say anything. I left and realized I didn't have my shoes on. I only had my socks on. I went back in to that window and realized that I had stepped out of my shoes while I was talking to her. I was trying to be inconspicuous because I didn't want to tell her what I did. I was kind of embarrassed. I stepped back into my shoes. As I was going back through the reception area there was a body of a bird lying there but it didn't have the head. It really bothered me. I was hoping that I wouldn't see the head lying somewhere as I headed to my car. I went to the car and for some reason I went back in again but I don't remember why now. As I was going back in, there was a multi-colored, fairly large bird. He was saying, This is bad. This is bad. Mommy's hurt. Mommy's hurt. It wasn't a parrot but the bird was speaking like a parrot. I went inside and I was going to say something to someone to see if they could help. Just as I got in one of the doctors went outside and he found another bird lying there. This was the mother bird. He said ohhh and then took it inside and tried to heal the bird. He did help and he later brought the mother bird back out. There were a bunch of children around watching the mother bird trying to get around again. I got ready to leave. It felt as though this was something I had done before. But for someone reason I felt that I couldn't back up or it would be too difficult or too much trouble. So, I went through the grass just a little bit to another part of the pavement to get back on the road. After I was back on the road I realized I was on the wrong road. I was going to turn around. Just as I was getting ready to turn around my car started dying so I managed to get into this driveway. Even though the engine didn't die I couldn't get the car to stop. So I kept trying to steer it. I went off into their grass but I finally got it to turn but I ended up in the driveway of another house. I kept turning and ended up back in the driveway of the original house and finally ended up back on the road but still headed in the wrong direction. All of the sudden the car started running again. I got to a place where I could turn around properly and go back and get back on the road going south the direction I was supposed to be going. Except that it didn't look like A1 Rd. South does in waking life. Nancy [unknown in waking life] and I were outside, maybe at McDonald's or something, though it didn't look like a waking life McDonald's. We were standing on a wood deck. Matthew went inside. Jennifer K came and met us. I got a call from Darren then.