I had back surgery. The cut was made from my lower back near my right side all the way up to the middle back of my neck. I was recuperating at my birth home. I don't recall if I was living there or not. I was trying to find someone place that I could be comfortable and not bored. I tried to lie on my stomach on the sofa but it wasn't comfortable. Someone suggested we open the sofa bed but I said no because that would block others from seeing the TV. I kept wanting to turn over on my back but either realized I couldn't or that I had to be very comfortable doing so. I woke up slightly as I was turning over in my own bed and still being in my dream I was very careful so as not to hurt my back. People were coming in and asking me about my surgery and I pointed out where the scar stopped and started. I went to a concert with some other people. We were going to hear the Dell's. I was concerned about being able to sit in the seats because of my back so I took my own chair with me. It was like the chairs in our training room. People were looking at me funny for bringing that chair with me, but I didn't pay much attention because I wanted to be able to be there. I sat my chair down where I had planned to listen to the concert and then left for a minute to get something. When I came back some people had moved my chair and were stretched out on the lawn where it had been. I said, wasn't this chair sitting here? They said yeah. Trying to act nonchalant and innocent. I just picked up the chair and moved their legs with the chair and put it back where I had it. After the concert was over I was standing by this chain link fence, the kind that you would see at a baseball field. I said hello to some people I recognized. Then I noticed Vince P walking towards me. He looked like he kind of wanted to avoid me. He came up to me on the other side of the fence and kind of leaned up to the fence and gave me a kiss through the fence. Very typical of Vince P. He started making excuses for not returning my calls.