Mother called me at about 4:30 am. I answered but was having trouble hearing her. At first I thought she had said that Daddy died. Then I realized that she said he was in the hospital. that he had a stroke. It sounded as though the prognosis was not very good. I asked her about that. She seemed hesitant to answer me. I told her that I had been having dreams lately that something was going to happen soon. I didn't tell her that some of my dreams were waking intuitions. I've had lots of thoughts over the last months that daddy won't be around on the physical plane much longer. I am unclear if these are precognitive preparations or if they are reflections of my own thoughts and feelings. I somehow knew that I was the third of the six children that she had phoned to inform of this latest development. I was wondering about the implications of this stroke in light of his pacemaker and the fact that it is in constant action these days rather than jump starting his heart occasionally as it did when it was first implanted. I was also reflecting on his deteriorating health such as his shoulder and legs and that he can no longer have surgery because of the pacemaker. I decided that I needed to leave immediately to go down there. Matthew was still asleep and I decided to walk and let him come and get me later in the day before he headed back to school. They live an hour and a half drive away. It didn't seem to take me that long to get there. In fact, I was one of the first to arrive, even though I live the furthest away. Bill F, of course, was there. But he was the only one there. It didn't seem to be too long before the others had arrived. Mother was still at the hospital. It wasn't long before Mother arrived home, with Daddy in tow. They had released him from the hospital already saying that he was fine to come home already. We all visited for a brief time and then decided it was best for each of us to go home and let our parents get some rest. John S and Rachel S were there with Bev. They asked me about one of their girls spending some time with me. I confirmed that I have wanted both of them to come and spend the weekend. There was some discussion about Rachel S still being in diapers. She had some type of a rash or something and wasn't wearing a diaper or underwear at the time. We were all getting ready to leave. I put on my gloves and reached outside the back door to grab my boots and put them on. There was a lot of snow on the ground and it was quite cold. As John and Bev pulled away I waved at them to stop for a minute. Bev was sitting in the back with Rachel S. I asked them if they would at least drive me as far as the interstate so I would less distance to walk in the snow and cold. They questioned my request to be dropped at the interstate rather than Rt. 46, as walking on the interstate is illegal. I agreed that 46 would be better. I decided that when they stopped at the intersection I would get out there. BJ was getting ready to leave as well. I asked her if she didn't want to go through Brownsville to go home. I thought that would take some of the walking distance off as well. She said no and gave reasons for not wanting to. She didn't even ask why, or perhaps did not want to acknowledge why because she didn't want to appear harsh for saying no, given the reason that I was asking. I got in the car with Bev and John. As we drove towards the interstate there were lots of Christmas decorations all over around and in the streets. We were commenting how unusual this was for St. Joe. They obviously had invested a lot of money in these decorations. They were really quite beautiful. Some of them were in the middle of the streets with room for people to drive on either side of them. Others were lined along the streets, seeming to sit in wood shelves. Others were in the center of circles and lined around the outside of the circles as well. it seemed as though I was outside of the van because I was brushing snow off the top of the decorations. John and Bev had dropped me off but I was still inside of this massive Christmas display. It was like a maze to me and I didn't know how to get out to get where I wanted to be. I kept trying different paths but to no avail. It was like one long display with halls going off to both the right and the left at equally spaced intervals. Some of the halls were dead ends. Others led further into a maze. Still others led to the outside, though not necessarily where I wanted to be outside. Many parts of the display were mobile. the walking path was as though it was a treadmill, or people mover. in the display I saw something spinning around in front of me. I stopped to get a clearer look. It appeared as thought three people were part of this display and spinning with it. I realized that two of the people were simply forms of people but the third was an actual person. It was Bill W. I reached out to try to get his attention, although it was spinning very fast. He stopped and got off. I told him I couldn't find my way out. He offered to help me by giving me directions. I followed his directions and at times found my way out, but still not where I wanted to be. Sometimes it seemed as though the path was blocked but you were supposed to push ahead and the display items would purposefully fall like dominoes to allow you to exit. Even this did not work. when I exited is where I saw the first circular display I mentioned above. It was breathtaking. It included evergreens and poinsettias, all touched by fresh-fallen snow. I moved around the circle trying to find my way. People were supposed to place something from the previous display in the circular display. I found myself back inside the maze with Mother and Daddy. I was trying to make it easier for Daddy as I was concerned about his health. I told him that Bill W had tried to help me. I was with someone else. a woman friend. We were trying to find our way out. It was pointed out to us that there was a pattern on the path and that if we counted a certain number of patterns that we would find out way out. So, for example, once we identified the first 24 squares, we could take either the right or left path and it would lead us to the outside. We tried it and realized that it was accurate. At this point this maze seemed to be just that. something set up as a display/entertainment for the local people and they would enter specifically for that purpose. From the outside it looked like a carnival tent. I noted that they had it closely sealed off everywhere, even the ground. One of the men responsible for it said they had to do that to make sure no outside light got in and that no one could see out. My friend and I decided to go back in and try to get back out using a different pattern. This time we decided to count ovals. Unfortunately the shapes were in the form of sunglasses so we could easily identify the ovals. Still, when she followed my counting we made it back out. At some points I was feeling panicky and stressed because I couldn't get out.