I was in the bathroom of a large department store, sitting on the toilet. It was crowded. People would peek in. There were two men in the lobby area by the sinks. A woman questioned them and they laughed. They were really women dressed like men. Then I saw George Hamilton, a star, come in. He came over to me and peeked in. I was a little embarrassed because my butt was showing. I got up and he wanted to hug me. That was O.K. He suggested we go to his hotel room to make love. I said, "No, I don't want to," because I wanted him to care for me, or be caring and then the sex would be good. He looks like, "Uh, oh. She wants to get married." and I said, "No, it doesn't mean we'll be together forever, just that when we're together, I want to feel close, cared for." He agreed and so I agreed to go to his room. At first, I just give in. I was kind of angry and then I really want to. We went to his hotel suite, many rooms. He's a big star and it was between performances. Then, he really began caring for me and he said, "Goodnight," and kissed me. He was going to take me home or let me go home. I say, "Hum, that's sweet, but I'd really like to stay." He was glad. We then heard other people in another room. Kids were using the communal kitchen from the other apartment. He had a round piano, very pretty, in his room. It was a small room. Then, there were lots of people around us and we were in a living room. He was then feeding a baby baby food and I had nothing to do. I wandered around aimlessly. I then said, "I can do that, let me." He didn't want me to do anything, because he cared for me. Then I had the bowl of baby food and I was feeding the baby, only then I realized I was feeding myself. I was a little embarrassed for being selfish. Then I went away. I then saw a bunch of Indian men. I went to them and said, "Did you know that Indian men are more useful and important than white women?" They were a little angry and then agree. I keep repeating that. Some women heard and also agree. Then I asked the Indian chief to teach me. He showed me an intricate way of holding a metal thing, like a wrench or a peace pipe. I didn't get it right and then I get it.