I was sharing a hotel room with a woman. [unknown] I don't know if I knew her in the dream either. We were getting ready to check out. We were packing. She got packed very quickly and was waiting for me. We were going to go out together. Someone else came in the room that was in our group, I guess. They chatted for a little while and were teasing me about how much I had to pack. Everything was not folded yet or anything. I had wet bath towels. I said something about how I was obviously not going to do laundry before I went because of lack of time. So I was just going to take everything home wet. The towels and everything. The other person left and I was just going to throw everything in the suitcase the way it was. This person that I had been rooming with started folding things for me. I started collecting my things while she was folding. She commented on a couple of pair of shorts that I had. that they were nice. I said, yes, that's one of the advantages of having a teenage son. Every time he doesn't want something anymore he just gives it to me. She said, that's a nice way to get some nice clothes. I continued packing. It was taking me awhile. Now Brian F was in the room. While I was collecting my toiletries in the bathroom, I noticed my roommate had left a lot of things in there. I said something to her but she said she was just leaving it. I went to the dresser in the room and found more of her things. Again she said she was just leaving them. I went back into the bathroom. Brian F apparently got tired of waiting and he and my roommate decided to go ahead and leave. I got a little bit upset because I knew if Brian F wasn't there she would have waited for me. So I was just kind of short with them and said, no, that's fine. Just go ahead and go. I finished up and went down. At this point I think I was in Banff because I was with my CIISC. Mary Kay C, Karyn L, Bonnie K, and others were starting to say goodbye. We were crying. It was hard to say goodbye. It was especially hard for me to say goodbye to Carmen A. Her and I hugged for a long time. I was taking my suitcases out. I had this cart and it had two bales of hay on it. I had to push it through the grass to get to where I needed to go. As I did that one of the bales of hay fell out. There was a man sitting out front that was supposed to be part of the hotel's display. He was a model. When he saw the bale of hay fall off, he got up to help. He took a bale of straw from his sleigh and put it up there. I told him he couldn't put it up there because it was straw. He didn't know what the difference was. He put it down. He grabbed something else and put it up there. Again, I said, no, that's straw too. You can't put that up there. So I grabbed a bale of hay and put it up there. I finally went into the room where some of the cohort members were. We were waiting in this space. We had to climb up into this very small space. I was feeling very uncomfortable because I am claustrophobic. I was also unsure that I could fit through these small spaces. I stayed on this ladder and looked in. It was very full. There wasn't any room for me anyway. I saw my roommate in there with Brian F. I said something about needing to leave soon. She said, Why? We have almost two hours. I said, yes, but I was told we needed to be at the airport two hours in advance. She said, well, my agent said one hour in advance was fine. Brian F agreed with her. There wasn't a lot I could do. Sometime before that I was talking to people about flights. I had a 5:15 am flight so we needed to be at the airport at 3:15, which meant we needed to leave the hotel by 2:45. So I think we decided just to stay up and not even try to sleep before then. Terri O said something about how early the flight was. I think when we were having that discussion we were in a small meeting space together. We were all sitting around on the floor. I'm not sure what we were doing. When I was standing on this ladder and just after I said that, someone said that we all needed to get on the bus that they were taking us all on the bus at the same time to the airport. I was kind of relieved that we were going to go ahead and go early. For some reason now I was one of the last ones to get on the bus. I know I had a lot of luggage. My roommate kept saying something to me about my one piece of luggage. She kept saying that I would have to check it and I said I wouldn't. She said, well you know they have to fit under the seat. They are very strict about that. I said, yes, I know. And it does. She said this a couple of times. I said, I've used this before and taken it onboard with me. She finally walked away, but in a snit. As we were getting on the bus I was concerned that all my luggage had gotten on there. Brian F and I were the last ones. They were starting to pull away. Brian F jumped on the back of this pickup truck and was just holding on. I was running along. He kept telling me to go somewhere else. I finally said, Brian F, would you just grab my hand and help me get on? He did. At this point everyone was in trucks instead of buses. Well, some kind of truck like vehicles. It seemed that they were attached or something, kind of like a train would be. But they were all open so we could still talk to each other. Someone on the inside about being so uncomfortable. I said, well, at least it's better than this. I can just barely hang on riding on the outside of this truck. I was concerned because I had hardly anything to stand on or to hold on to. I was concerned about going around turns and hills and things. We were at the airport and getting our luggage to go check in. I couldn't find my purse. I was panicking. I was going different places to see if anyone had turned it in. We saw a couple sitting different places. We looked at them but they weren't mine. Then I saw one that looked almost exactly like mine but realized it was just a tad different. I finally realized I was just going to have to try to do without it. I was sitting in the airport waiting. I was sitting next to this young boy, maybe 10-12 years old. He had a marker and was drawing pictures on his leg. I must have bumped him. Or at least he blamed me for causing him to mess up what he was drawing on his leg. So we talked a little bit. I asked him if he wanted to see me draw something on my leg. He said sure and handed me the marker. It was brown, so I drew a Herman on my leg. He liked that. Then I drew a picture of a woman's face. Everyone thought that was very good. When we were in the trucks there was a box that had all these markers and things in it. I was asking who they belonged to. People didn't agree with each other on who they belonged to. I said it sure looks like the markers and things that belong to the cohort. I said, They were in a plastic container. Someone else said, yes, but someone took them out of the plastic container and put a bunch of socks in the container. This bothered me a bit that they had done that.