A lot or relatives from the Harris family had come to my birth home to visit me. It was mostly women and children. Joan W. was there. The only male I remember being there was Larry K. The women had come to see me because they knew that I had been through some kind of trauma and they were coming to offer support and comfort. They came because my immediate family would likely not be offering any type of support and comfort. Particularly, Aunt P and Aunt H were trying to be comforting. I went out to the woods and someone was out there with Larry. They were playing games with the children. I played with them for a few minutes and then went back in to the house. I was in the bathroom and could see several people standing right outside the bathroom window. I was moving around cautiously because I didn't want anyone to see me in there. Matthew and I are in some kind of a vehicle, in seems to be a car. We are driving down to my mother's hometown because I decided I wanted to go down and talk to Aunt P and Aunt H. I decided to go down and see them because I had a dream about them. As we were driving down there we saw Aunt H walking towards us. We stopped and turned around. I yelled out the window, hey, you want a ride. She said, Sure. She walked around the car and got in. She was on her way to work at Kentucky Fried Chicken. I told her I was on my way down to see her and Aunt P. She asked why. I said I had a dream that I had talked to them and since I honored my dream I decided I should come down and talk to you. So we went ahead and took her to work but it turned out that she didn't have to work. We headed back to her house but now we were in some other kind of vehicle. It was shaped kind of like a luge but it ran on something like railroad tracks and it was open. It was almost more like a half of a pipe, enclosed on both ends. Matthew and I were sitting on it. Somehow we had to use our hands or our legs to make it go. Aunt H or Aunt P was going to go with us but there wasn't room inside for them. Then Mother was there. I didn't want to go then because I can't talk to them as freely if Mother is there.