I'm with Andy, a male friend at a shopping center, very large parking lot, don't know about the place. (Sears?) is relatively small, as we walk toward it I can see inside it's not laid out very attractively but as I look I think it's probably quite normally stocked once you get in there. We're entering by a back entrance, where linens are; we go forward and I come around a main section from the left and back to the right side and look at sunglasses. I kneel down to look at some sunglasses in a basket on a very low shelf - some are children's, the others are so off that they tilt at an almost steep enough angle to spring right off my head. No good. The guy I'm with is looking at something else and I go to catch up with him and we leave. On the way I'm stopped by a guy in a white suit who asks me some questions - just friendly, but I thought rather pushy of him. I think he's asking what I like to do. I get away from him but there's another in the parking lot and I observe there's several, I realize they're Krishnas in a new costume and remark upon the same. I'm thinking they seem less objectionable this way. In the parking lot there's some things going on, like demonstrations of crafts, contests, maybe. I'm not sure if Paula Smith's around somewhere, but I know Sherry is. She's guiding or running something by some nice shady trees and I go to have a look. (I'm not sure what's going on, but it involves a mechanism of some kind.) Sherry is very happy to see me, and gives me some kind of support or advice. Later I'm with Andy (for sure), and he's being his usual boisterous self, sitting at a desk (in his house?) and making passes at me. I don't know how he fits in with the other place but I think he does. A movie theater, quite informal sort of place, maybe it's in somebody's house. I'm sitting (with Andy?) on the side of the audience, we're talking and not really watching the movie, which is some kind of kid-adventure affair. I get interested and get up to change my seat so I can see properly - I go to the back of the little group of seats to have a look for a good place. The guy from the bus is in one seat, so I want to be sure not to sit too close to him. Connected with this is Michael J. Fox, much younger than he is now. Perhaps he's in the movie. I see him as though I'm watching him, but this is all tied up with another scene, the dining room of a house - it's a bit dark - the family that lives here is a bit old-fashioned, and the stodgy old parents don't approve of something. I'm visiting with their son. They're dressed a lot like working-class drudges, and act that way, a bit on the dumb side.