I attended a class reunion at my high school, ECHS. The reunion began with introductions in the auditorium, though the auditorium did not look like the waking life auditorium. Liz C was there leading the program and introductions. When I first came in I sat near the back and alone. There weren't many people there yet and I didn't know the ones who were there well enough to say hello or sit with them. I saw someone come in that I thought was Audrey T. She sat a few rows in front of me. She introduced herself to the group as Audrey T but did not mention her academic activity. I stood up and said something because I thought she should be recognized for it. A little later this person stood up and turned around to get my attention to tell me she wasn't the same Audrey T. Later in the program I was sitting closer to the front and to the left of the stage, left facing the stage. Audrey T and Paulette W were sitting next to me. Audrey T good-naturedly asked me about it. I apologized and said, you wouldn't believe what I did. I'm the absent-minded professor. Paulette W said, me too. That's what people call me. I said, That's what I tell people to call me also. It's the most comfortable explanation I have found for the silly mistakes I too often make. I explained about thinking she was another Audrey T. It was my turn to introduce myself. I jokingly said, are you sure you're ready for me? I talked about my dream work, my studies, and my future goal to write and do research. Everyone cheered and clapped. They were excited that we were finally going to have a Dr from our class. I went back to the back of the auditorium again and was talking to some of the men who weren't participating much, actually nodding off, that I knew and generally speak with at reunions. Don St, Bill Cra, Joe L, and Mike Kn. We joked a little at their lack of participation. As I was sitting there Darren came up and said hello. I said hello and walked away. In the meantime, some of us were dancing. Dwight W had introduced me to his wife and asked me to dance. I danced twice with Dwight W. He became aroused while we danced and was trying to make sure no one noticed. During the second dance he wasn't as careful and some of the other men noticed. His wife became a little agitated. I went up to her and spoke to her and apologized and smoothed things over. She realized I did not do anything intentionally. Paulette W was chasing after me, bullying me, trying to coerce me into doing something I didn't want to do. As in high school, I didn't have the courage to stand my ground and say no, so I did as she had asked. I put on part of the school mascot uniform and was walking around the school with others doing similar things. There were maybe 12-20 of us. One of the teachers came up to us and told us we had violated his classroom and demanded that we make amends. The task he gave us to do seemed to take quite awhile. When we finally finished and went to the cafeteria, almost everyone was gone. Soon people came back into the cafeteria saying they had just left for a little while. The reunion was not over at all. Later Darren was provoking me on purpose, with some of his buddies. I was getting very aggravated. At this point I'm not sure where we were in the school. He seemed to be on a lower level than I and I was peering down at him from a balcony of sorts. I had a pole or something in my hand and I swung it at him to get him to stop. It hit him in the neck and I thought I might have killed him. Someone went up to him and his head broke off. The man said I couldn't have helped it because he was frozen solid and of course his head would just break off like that. I wanted to call 911 immediately and see if they could save him. Everyone else thought it was useless but there were mixed feelings about how to handle it. Some wanted to call 911 and the police and simply report what had happened as it was an accident. Others, including Dwight W, wanted to hide the whole thing because they wanted to protect me. I was simply walking around in a daze. I couldn't believe what had happened. I just kept thinking that I killed my son's dad and that I was going to have to tell him that his dad is dead. All of the men there, though arguing, began to try to cover up what happened. In the meantime, police arrived and wanted to know what was going on. They kept trying to question me, but I was in a daze and could not even think or speak. I was simply walking around in this daze and trying to get out and go home without even thinking about that being my purpose or why I wanted to do that. Dwight W kept trying to get me out of there but the police kept seeing me and trying to keep me in the school. The men had put up very large pieces of cardboard all over the place in what seemed to be a basement, trying to hide any evidence and trying to hide Darren's body. It felt like a maze down there. I kept getting lost. I would find a way out and then someone would spot me and pull me back in. Sometimes I would actually get outside but had something like a medical bed to get home on and had to power it myself. I was trying to find the best way home to not be spotted. Still I would end up back in the basement. This happened too many times to count. Some of the ways out were square openings in the wall that I needed to crawl through to get out. Then I began getting lost. I could no longer find the ways out that I had found earlier. The square openings I found were much too small for me to crawl through. When I found one Dwight W was standing there and encouraging me to go through, thinking that I could fit. I told him there was no way I could. The square was maybe 12 inches square or less. The fact that a death had occurred had finally become known to the authorities, though they could not get any details from anyone and could not find the body. They brought in a large crew of people and began emptying everything out of the basement in an attempt to find the body and evidence. They had me help load cardboard and stuff into trashcans to be taking outside. I continued to try to find a way out and would keep getting pulled back in. Dwight W and some of the others were moving larger things out, such as large racks of luggage and mattresses. This one woman directed me to begin emptying the racks of graduation gowns into trashcans. She said they all needed to be destroyed now. There were a couple of times that I simply tried to hide behind the cardboard or the luggage or mattresses. Dwight W was afraid I would be found and wanted me to get out of the school. Because of the state I was in the authorities decided to allow one of my sisters to come and get me and take me home. When we were outside another of my sisters came running up with some of her friends and was told what happened. Neither my sisters nor their friends could believe that I had done such a thing with intent to kill. I found myself back in the basement cleaning up and putting the gowns in the trashcans. As I was doing this I realized they were coming very close to finding the body. I decided that, regardless of what the others thought, I was going to tell the authorities what I knew about what actually happened. I went outside and found the women who had been giving me directions and she took me to the man who would take my statement. I asked if I could give it in a private area rather than with all those people around. He was very warm and kind and told me not to be frightened.