I was at my birth home. Some of my family members were there. I played in the backyard a little bit with Rachel S on the swings. She was laying with her stomach on the swing. There was another little girl swinging right next to her. I was afraid they were going to hit each other because the other little girl wasn't swinging straight. I went towards the house. We were building a new house next door for Uncle E. I had asked them to leave certain jobs for me to do because they were things I really enjoy and that I knew I could do them well. But then I kept not getting around to them and I was feeling guilty because I had committed to these things and asked the others to save them for me yet I wasn't getting around to them. This whole image of building a new house for Uncle E and my concern about these jobs that I had committed too. This time I went in to the house we were building. I was going to start painting. I realized that the last time I had painted I had left the paint can open. I was afraid the paint wouldn't be good any longer. But Mother went in and just picked up a roller and started painting, so I guess the paint was fine. She asked me how much I still had to do. I told her that Daddy said I had to do ten coats. There were spots all over the walls where I had done trim and prep work. Mother pointed out that I hadn't done along the ceiling yet. I acknowledged that. But I also said that trim is easy when the walls and the ceiling are the same color I knew Bev was sitting alone in the backyard so I went and asked her if she likes to paint. She said yes and came in to help. Brian F was also in there painting. We were painting a light green over a dark green. It was very dark in there and I was having trouble seeing. The others weren't complaining. Daddy brought me a light but it didn't help that much. only in very small areas at a time and I couldn't move it around easily. This was a very big room. They were not even finished constructing the interior walls, so it was very odd that we were painting already. I started to paint around a light switch. I got paint all over the switch plate. I was trying to wipe the paint off. I decided to find a screwdriver and remove all the switch plates. Mari Kate S asked me why I wanted to do that and I told her that it is much easier to paint around those areas if you remove the switch plates first. I removed the screws and switch plate that I had just painted over but I dropped three of the four screws. I was getting very agitated trying to find the screws that I dropped or trying to find replacements. I kept walking around and around the room, looking through piles of stuff lying all over the floor trying to find these screws. The main part of the dream was me just going over and over and over trying to find screws. I was having trouble getting around. There were a lot of chairs in there and I really just wanted to clear it all out so I had room to move but it didn't seem to be bothering anyone else. There was talk about having dinner because we had been working for quite awhile. Someone mentioned having burgers. I wanted chicken. Someone mentioned Kentucky Fried Chicken. The majority wanted that then but my parents would never eat that.