I think everyone that was working on the house was getting really tired. Some of the construction workers started drinking and some of them got very much out of control. Some of them were coming on to me, but some simply because they were drunk and one or two were earnest in their affection. A lot of them were getting very boisterous and acting very rowdy and inappropriate, taking their clothes off and such. I decided to try to get away from the mess. I headed to my car but was afraid to go all the way to my car because of some of the men around it and because some of the drunken workers were driving their cars around there like maniacs and I didn't want to get hit. I also had Rachel S with me. Someone offered to walk me to my car but then they almost got hit. Another woman arrived and offered to let me use her car. We had to do something with child car seats. A very heavy rain came and was causing a small flood. Some of the cars were halfway deep in water. I was trying to get away. Someone gave me a parachute and walked with me, there was a group of us, to this bridge. We had to jump off the bridge and then open our parachutes. We couldn't see anything but clouds below us so we had no idea what we were jumping into. Some of them were scared because I opened my parachute too soon. I think I was holding Rachel S while I did this. I landed just fine. Then we had to jump into these boats on this river. I did that with no problem. There were lots of dishes, and decorative items floating in the water. I saw people gathering things. I gathered a few items. Just as I was getting ready to get out of the boat I learned that we were allowed to keep anything we gathered. I was disappointed that I had not gathered more. I didn't seem to have Rachel S any longer. I asked how to let the boat know when I needed to get off to get to my car. Now my car was in a different lot and it was daylight. Someone told me to pull on something and then would slow and pull to shore. I got off and walked about two blocks to my car. I was back to where I had to jump in the boat in the river. This time I knew about gathering things so I was able to gather up quite a few things. One woman gave me her car keys and instructed me to go get her car and pull it up to where the boat would pull to shore so we could easily load up all the things we gathered. Anyway, she got in trouble for parking her car somewhere that it wasn't supposed to be. They let me off the hook when they realized I didn't know anything about it, that I was just trying to do her a favor by coming to get her car.