I was at an intensive. I couldn't room with Carmen A because she was rooming with Lorna B. I don't know why I wasn't rooming with Jo V. I was rooming with two new cohort members. I had to share a bed with one of them and that person didn't like me. She was being very mean to me in the room and I heard she was saying some very ugly things about me in group sessions. One of the things that she said, apparently standing in front of the entire group at a program, Who does that woman think she is? How dare she talk about articulating something related to dreams. Though those weren't her exact words. I was feeling very upset that she was attacking me like that, both in the room and in front of any groups of people. One time I went to the room, I was going to bed early because I wasn't feeling well. I turned the heat up because I was cold. I put on my flannel pajamas, grabbed an extra blanket and proceeded to get in bed. As soon as I got in bed she turned the heat back down. She started verbally attacking me to face then. I decided to get up and leave the room so I went into the bathroom. I partially changed my clothes so I could go out. I went out into the hallway and get a Diet Sprite. I saw Terri O. She noticed I was crying and asked me if everything was okay. I said yes. She knew better because she could see I was crying and upset. But she just cheerfully said okay and started to walk away. I was really surprised and hurt by that. I did want to talk to someone about what was going on. Then I saw Mary Kay C and Karyn L and told them what was going on. Unfortunately they already knew because they had been in one of the programs where she had made one of her comments. Karen W and Julie S were also aware of what was going. On my way back to my room Karyn L and Karen W were standing together and whispering. I made some sarcastic remark because I felt they must have been talking about me because they quit talking as soon as they saw me. I said, That's right Karen W. I said some other thing, but the rest wasn't very nice. I had seen Karen W and Julie S in my room earlier with this other woman. I thought they might agree with her. I went back to my room. Karen W and Julie S came into my room a few minutes later. They weren't doing or saying anything to defend me.