Nick R called and said he wanted to come back. As usual he was apologizing profusely etc. I told him no and reinforced why I was saying no by reminding him of things that we had both discussed before. He said he was coming anyway. I told him I would not let him in. He arrived and broke into the house. I was in bed. He came up to my bedroom and lay down next to me in bed. I told him he had to leave, that I did not want him there. I was half-asleep and had trouble waking myself up. He had undressed before getting into bed. I finally became fully awake and got out of bed. He chased me around the bedroom a bit, thinking I was playing around I guess, but I wasn't. I went downstairs and was becoming frightened. I asked him repeatedly to leave but he refused. Matthew showed up but he was much younger than in waking life. I managed to get into the kitchen and I pulled out a butcher knife. I handed it to Matthew to use if he had to, while I tried to call 911. I couldn't get through to 911. I tried several times. In the meantime, Matthew had stabbed Nick R 3 or 4 times in the stomach. Nick R just looked down at Matthew with the knife still in his stomach. Nick R is laying on the floor, but still alive. Matthew and I are upstairs and I decide to just call the local sheriff's office. Before they could arrive Nick R managed to get up and leave the house. He got in his car and drove away very fast. The next time my dream group met I felt I needed to tell them what happened in case Nick R should show up again, and also to explain my current state of being, nervousness. Two people got up and left immediately without a word. One of them was Alice S from my church. The others left at the end of the group time as usual. None of them seemed particularly concerned for me or for themselves. I was relieved that they weren't concerned about being there, returning, or that Nick R might be outside. I was curious that none of them, particularly Dan M, seemed concerned about me. I am in a very futuristic building. I don't remember how I got there. Some of the people there had the ability to what seemed to be simply move through the walls or through unusual openings in the walls. They moved me and some others into different areas, like small compartments. We were paired up in no particular order. I was in a compartment with a young woman and we were instructed to take our clothes off. She was a young black woman. She started to dance. All of a sudden they burst in and she was gone. They accused me of being a tease and that I provoked Nick R. They took me to a room where he was recuperating. This wasn't a hospital though. I went into the room to talk to him. There was a lot there but it was so unusual that it may be very difficult to describe. Somehow Nick R and I realized we had both been set up. We talked things out and decided to work together against these people to try to escape and to try to stop their actions against others. They had a, for lack of a better term, futuristic factory. They were either manufacturing people, or rejuvenating live people. One of them was my Aunt A who is still alive but in her 70's. In this factory they had made her look much younger. In one part of this building you could watch them manufacturing body parts to look like certain people. You could watch the body parts coming off an assembly line belt. I was looking for hands that looked like mine. The body parts were all different colors. After they put them altogether the person rolled through giant rollers and were painted a flesh color. In some cases they painted them other colors. In one part of the dream I was painted dark black, not like skin-color black, but a regular black. I was supposed to blend in with other people who worked there. I think I ended up being a kind of marbleized black so I stood out just a little but it didn't cause a problem. As I made my way around the building, I kept getting lost. The building walls were very unusual. In some cases they seemed like colored adobe. In others they seemed to be stainless steel. I now had the ability to move through these walls and strange openings the way others had previously. I didn't see Nick R anymore from here but I knew that he was working in another part of the building trying to foil these people. The factory had been taken over by women and the work they were doing now was only for good.