Our cohort was arriving at Sequoia Seminar for the final intensive of our PhD program. I arrived at the dining hall and was saying hello to those already gathered there. I talked to Mary Kay C about the location of our cabins. She told me our cabin was the furthest from the dining hall. I was very concerned about this because I had so much trouble navigating the mountain on our previous trip when our cabins were the closest ones to the dining hall. We were mulling around between the deck and the surrounding grassy area. I saw Jo V and asked her if she had saved me room in her cabin, since we have always been roommates. She said of course she had. When I went to my cabin I realized it was the closest one to the dining hall. I didn't have a key or it was in the cabin so I went back up to borrow Jo V 's key. I went back down again to change before our first meeting. As I was going back and forth all of the other students were standing together for group pictures. Terry K was there, from GC. it did not strike me as odd that he was there. I tried to walk in an area that would not interfere with their pictures. I saw others who were milling around also. I wondered why our cohort was not being included in this group photo. I thought it might be due to the fact that this would be our last intensive. I still thought they should have included us. Now, upon waking, I wonder who the other people milling around were as I know they were not members of my cohort. I finally got into my cabin but it was a very little, about 3 square feet cube with no roof. I reached into an area and got my clothes and was trying to change my clothes without being seen. Melissa J and Bonnie K came up and looked at a note on the door. I started to say that Jo V , Carmen A, and I were in this cabin but they quickly walked away. Then Carmen A came up and said they were looking for me because everyone was waiting for me. I was a bit irritated but said I was trying to hurry and would be there as quickly as possible. As I was changing the group photo finished and I saw some people exercising. They were all doing the same exercises and widely spaced apart. Each person had a partner car. The person was dressed the same color as the car covers. Each car had a colored cover on it but was being driven. The people were moving in conjunction with the cars, as though the cars were directing each move. I thought it looked very interesting, but unusual. I finally arrived back at the meeting room in the conference hall. Everyone was discussing where we were going to meet. Most of them thought we could use that room, but others thought it had already been spoken for. There was some discussion about having to use the meeting areas closest to our cabin block. Most didn't seem up to making the trek from that meeting space to the dining hall three times a day. I went to the kitchen and asked if we could have meals delivered. as we had during our first intensive there. They said they no longer do that. He was trying to give me some explanation that had to do with Mother's day. that was past already. I asked if he could prepare box meals and one of us could drive up the mountain at each meal and pick them up and take them to our meeting space. I think he was saying that he could do that when someone from another cohort interrupted and said they would want the same thing.