I was living on the first floor of Shirley J's old house on Morse Lake. Bev's children came to spend the weekend. Matthew was not there. I was having trouble managing them myself. I was preparing to go on a trip and was going to be taking them with me. It was going to be air travel. I had a 6 am flight. I realized we would need to leave the house about 3:15 am. It was 1 am or so before I got them to bed. I was trying to decide where they were going to sleep. Since Matthew wasn't there I was going to have Andrew S sleep in Matthew's bed and have Rachel S sleep with me. There was another bedroom on this floor. I thought I would have Mari Kate S sleep there. However, I decided, since this was a very large, expensive home, I would take them upstairs and show them the rest of the house. I thought they would enjoy seeing it. As we started upstairs I thought, since Shirley J's bed never gets slept in anymore and it is such a large bed I could have all three of them sleep together in that bed. I'm not sure why I would do that though. We went upstairs. The house has these big wide staircases with red velvet carpeting. We went to Shirley J's bedroom. I opened the door a little bit and noticed a big pile of bed linens on the floor next to the bed. I started to open the door a little more slowly and I noticed someone in there. It turned out that Tom G was sleeping on the floor with a girlfriend.] I woke him up. He sat up and said, What the ___?] I quickly said, Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't realize anyone was in here. He got up and came out. I said, I come up here every now and then just to check things out and make sure everything is okay. I didn't know you were here. Actually I was trying to come up with a good excuse for being up there. I also couldn't figure out how he got up there without my knowledge. We turned around and walked away. I don't think he followed us. I realized that there was another couple up there, friends of his, in another of the rooms up there. We started to make our way down. The rest of the dream, down the stairs, was a long time. It became a maze of rooms and walkways. Some of the time it was ramps. Sometimes it was escalators. Sometimes the floor actually rolled downwards, so you stepped on it and then just let the floor roll you down to the next level. At each level there was another group of rooms. The rooms were very unique and some had themes. One of them was an Alaskan room. It was pure white, cold, snowy, and icy in the room. There were Eskimos in the room sitting my igloos and fires, wearing white parkas. I think they actually lived there. I had a lot of trouble keeping track of the children, particularly Andrew S and Rachel S, but even Mari Kate S from time to time. I was getting very frustrated with them. I would ask Mari Kate S to help me get Andrew S and Rachel S. Andrew S was playing with Rachel S on a stair rail and she fell off backwards and down several floors. I went crazy. I was screaming and crying. I was afraid to go down and see her, yet I knew I needed to get down there immediately. I knew it was going to be devastating for bed. I didn't see how Rachel S could possibly survive such a fall. I ran down the several flights of stairs only to find Bev standing there holding Rachel S. Bev had tears in her eyes and I could tell she was very upset. She had caught Rachel S, so Rachel S was fine. I didn't even try to explain to Bev what had happened. She didn't look particularly upset with me, but with what happened and what the potential outcome could have been. She didn't seem to want an explanation. I took Rachel S and Bev said something about, yes, you know how I am about my baby. I can't seem to separate myself from her. I'm always worrying about her. I was surprised that Bev was even in town, but she left right after that. Now we were back with Andrew S and Mari Kate S and we were back to working our way down these various levels of floors.