I was staying either visiting or living at Morse Lake with friends. Someone was banging on the door. It sounded like they were using chains. We tried to ignore them because we didn't know who it could be and we were somewhat afraid to let them in. We finally could no longer ignore them so we went to the door. It turned out that their boat was sinking into the lake and their baby was still in it. I was aghast at how they could allow something like this to happen, that they were all safely out but their infant baby was still buckled in. I yelled at my friends to follow me and instructed them to lean over one side of the dock and push with their hands down on the end of the boat that was still above water. It raised the other end of the boat far enough that I could rescue the baby. I dried and nurtured the baby. I was hesitant to give him back to the parents. They didn't seem very concerned. The baby's name was Robert. I began calling him Robbie. The parents hesitantly took the baby back and they all left. A few hours later they returned and left the baby. I raised Robbie for a few years. His parents came back and took him back until he was an adult. A few years later, a group of people began blowing up houses that sat on Morse Lake. We were watching from inside the house, yet it was as though we had an aerial view of the lake and could see the top of each home as it was blown up. We kept being thankful that they didn't get to close to us. Finally, however, that did get to us and they blew up our house. None of us were hurt, but landed in the lake with a piece of our house, about the size of an average size boat. We all climbed on top of this piece. It was flat and somewhat oval in shape. It had carved poles coming up with another flat piece of wood on the other end of the poles. This gave us shelter over our head. There were four adults including myself and two adult male children. both mine. These two children were named Greg and Charlie and I simply adored them. They were my life. During the entire dream I was attending to my children, to keep them near me and make sure they were safe. As we were floating in the lake, we saw Robbie. alone. He floated over to us and got on our raft with us. I was so ecstatic to see him. He said he and his parents had split long ago. I asked why he hadn't come back home to me and he said he wasn't sure that he was welcome. I fussed over him quite a bit at that point, but trying to be careful not to make the others jealous or to question if I loved Robbie more. I simply felt so bad for Robbie and the life he had. I considered him my own son. Another of my son's found us and joined us as well. I don't know how many of these boys were my biological children or if they were my children the same way Robbie was. I can't remember the name of the fourth one. He is the one that felt most unloved and left out. I tried often to reassure him because all four of my boys were all equally important to me. We decided we needed to take pieces of the wood and paddle down the lake to another town for refuge. As we paddled the lake became more and more crowded with other families in the same situation. Some were actually in boats, but most were on pieces of wood from their homes. As we continued down the lake it became a river and became very narrow. At points the river was bordered in wood. We had to navigate through these sharp turns that were much smaller than our raft. Somehow our raft seemed to lift right above the wood barriers and carry itself over to clear water. We ran into several similar situations. As we navigated along, we saw many people stranded on the shore and frightened. We decided there was room for more people on our raft so we pulled along the shore and allowed more people to join us. At one we came to a fork in the river. If we continued straight ahead, we could see another town that was being destroyed. At the end of the left fork we saw a carnival. We somehow maneuvered our raft over the grass island and headed down the left fork of the river towards the carnival. As we neared the carnival we saw that it was also being destroyed. We found another fork and veered off in that direction. We finally found peaceful waters with homes on either side of us and no sign of danger. However, there were many things floating around us. These things, as best I can describe them, looked like floating counters with stools, such as you would see in a diner. There was a woman behind the counter of one. It looked as though there were enough seats for everyone on our raft so we asked her if we could come aboard. We were all hungry and thirsty, as we had been afloat now for many hours. This had begun at dusk and it was now way beyond dawn of the next day. She didn't seem to want us there, as she didn't want us to take up all of her seats. There were many others with more seats and no people so we went to another.