Al H and his wife were living in the city where I live. I was at their house. I'm not sure why originally. His wife was not Diane H. They had two little girls with red hair. There were a lot of bizarre things because it was springtime, and yet the little girls were getting ready to go to school but were dressed in winter coats and hats and scarves. I was playing with them as they were waiting for the bus. All I could see was their eyes. The scarves practically covering all of their faces. I was playing with them and they were giggling and carrying on. Al H was just watching me interact with these two children. When they went to get on the bus, for some reason, they took their hats and scarves off and I saw their red hair. At some point they were paying me to do some things around their house. One of those things was planting flowers in their flowerbeds around the house. Another was to take care of getting this huge stereo system installed. I can't now remember what the third thing was. The dream progressed as I was getting these things taken care of. We were having a lot of trouble with the stereo system and getting it installed properly. First there were problems with the installation itself. I mean, just getting the units attached to the house. They were being attached outside. They did finally get everything attached but then it wasn't working. One of the neighbors from across the street. She was an older woman and had come across the street to talk to Al H's wife about it. At first Al H's wife was concerned that she was coming over to complain. So, right away she became defensive and ran out to the ward to talk to the neighbor. It turned out that the neighbor wasn't upset at all. Diane H kept saying things like, if it's ever a problem be sure you tell us. The woman kept saying, No, I'm not concerned about it. We finally got the installers out there again. There were about 15-20 men working on this thing. They had a platform built to get up to the roof level. They had on uniforms. They remind me of astronaut uniforms. They were big and puffy and had big boots. They were all over the place trying to get this stereo to work. They had lined them up along the back yard while they were working and trying to get them working. They were then supposed to put them back to wherever they were supposed to stay. Al H and Diane H were getting frustrated that it was such a hassle to get it to work. They started becoming concerned about the neighbors. They were finally ready to just leave the speakers where they were and actually they were beginning to not even care if they even got them working or not. All the men in the uniforms came trampling down from the roof and were gathering at the side of the house and by their truck. One of them was telling me something about these pieces of wood attached to the side of the house, while he was lightly hitting them, tapping them. He said, If they ever go out, if you see any other house with these on it and they don't have service either, then you know it's just been a blowout. These wood panels looked like plywood panels and they looked really ugly. No one seemed to be particularly concerned about that so I didn't worry about it either. During this process the landscaper was there and Al H was asking why the different types of flowers were all planted together. He said, well, that was your fault. They weren't planned that way. You were given the layout. We just deliver the flowers and you were supposed to plant them. That was one of my jobs. I was looking at the layout and I pointed out to the landscaper, see, you have this number here, this number here, etc. And that's exactly what you delivered to me. You delivered this many of this certain flower, and this many of that flower, etc. So that's how I thought they were supposed to be planted. She said, No you received twice that many and half were for in the back flowerbeds. I said, It doesn't say anywhere on here that they aren't planted together. I'll just dig them up and replant them. Al H agreed that I needed to do that. His house was practically right next door to WDF. I had walked over there just spending time waiting for one of the contractors or something for the house. I went into the office and it was a mess. It looked like they were moving people around. I said, Wow. I don't think I even remember my way around this place. It seems that Marcia N was there. I think I talked to her for a little while. There was someone else. They asked me if they could help me. I said, No, I used to work for Al H. They said, Oh. His office is right over there. I said, No, that's alright. I'm really just spending time waiting. I went back to the house. Marlene F was there talking about how she used to work for Al H also. She didn't in waking life. There seemed to be some kind of competition going on between her and I for Al H's affection. Al H came on to me once. I gave in and we ended up making love. Later in the day I was teasing him, being playful. He said, Geez. Back off. You really need help. I was really offended by that. I just decided that was the end of that. I wasn't going to do that again. Later he was very distraught and I was trying to comfort him about all these things going on and reassure him that everything was going to be taken care of to his satisfaction and that everything would work out okay. Al H and Marlene F and I were sitting on the sofa. Al H was in the middle but it was an odd shaped sofa, so we weren't sitting right next to each other. I was feeling envious of Marlene F so I moved over right next to Al H so he could lean back against me. I was stroking his hair and such. Marlene F reached over and was trying to stroke his arm and comfort him as well.