Kay H was at my house. I believe it was my birth home. We were in the kitchen preparing a meal. I was expecting a blind date. I was fixing fish and pasta for my date, Matthew, and myself. We fixed Kay H some hot dogs. I got into the lunch meat drawer of the refrigerator. I asked Kay H why she has always hated me so much. She said she was concerned about Darren and Matthew. She went into the other room. I told Matthew, who is 5-6 years old, to take Kay H's hot dogs to her. We went ahead and ate because my date was late and I thought he might be standing me up. After we ate I went into my bedroom. I sat on the bed and tried to call him. I don't know if I couldn't remember the number, if I was misdialing, or if I was just having trouble getting connected. I got the wrong number several times. Suddenly, he came bounding into the room and plopped onto the bed, lying on his side, propping up his head with one hand, elbow resting on the bed. This seemed to be perfectly natural for him, even though we had never met before. We introduced ourselves. He apologized for being late. It was due to his work. He has a job working with young people. This causes him to have a hectic schedule. He says this has prevented him from having a lasting relationship. that most women can't deal with it. He says that if I want to be with him I will have to accept that. He and I were in a car. I had to return a wig to some thugs. He was concerned about me. He suggested we not get out of the car or stop the car. As we drove by the thug's car, we just threw the wig out our car window and into their car window. We went back to the house. My parents show up. I went to change clothes. When I came out there was a wall of bright pink chiffon curtains that were periodically gathered together in a rosebud fashion. They were at the top of very wide, white steps. When I got to the bottom of the steps there was a wall of bright yellow chiffon curtains, again followed by a set of wide, steps. This was repeated 2-3 more times. This man and myself were fighting off a group of thugs. We were doing pretty well holding our own at first. But then we both got picked up and thrown into a wooden wall/fence that resembled a wood plank fence. It was solid like a wall, however and none of it broke when our bodies slammed into it.