I sit at the window and gaze out into the crystal clear air adorned with the lush landscape of a warm spring day. The emerald green carpet of grass highlights a sea of Mother Nature's finest floral jewels. What could possibly improve upon such a perfect day? Before I finish the thought in my head, I hear the whirring of the garage door, as it lifts to allow entry. I walk out to meet him. Such a paradox! It seems both like minutes and like years since I've seen him last. And still the butterflies flitter, a familiar sign of new romance, and I know I must stop them. This is an unattainable romance. Or is it? He enters the room and we sit side-by-side, sharing a glass of wine. He is charming, engaging, and intellectual. I found the conversation both stimulating and titillating. He is everything I remember him to be. How can that be? This is the first time I've actually met him and engaged with him. Yet it feels as though I've known him forever. As our conversation continues I notice the familiar, initial, light touches on the arm and hand. The touches of a budding romance? As we both express our enjoyment of the evening, we part company. My mind begins to work on this mental puzzle. Had we really not engaged before now? Is this how it feels to meet a soulmate? The conversation was so easy. I totally forgot myself as my desire to know everything about this intriguing man grew stronger. What a wonderful feeling, to be so focused on another. Thump! Confusion. Reality. , where have you been? What do you think you're doing? Where do you think you're going? Can you not see all of the roadblocks? Love conquers all you say? That kind of talk is for romantic fools. But, the chemistry! The spark! The fire! The beauty! The feeling of finally being at home! Is it simply a romantic fantasy? Maybe more people should look at the possibilities instead of the impossibilities. Perhaps that would give me the long yearned for love. Perhaps if more people thought that way it would give the world a long yearned for love. The world is full of both/and. Remove either/or, assumptions, and judgements from your vocabulary. They are the curse words of the new millennium.