I was with Ben D. We had gone out of town together to visit his brother Stanley. Apparently we had been in a relationship now for a little time at least. It was evening. We were sharing a bed, but only to sleep. He expressed his concern over his brother hearing us making love. We spent some time kissing, cuddling and being playful. It was somehow going to have a negative effect on him if his brother found out. Perhaps it would effect his inheritance or something he owned. I can't recall for sure. When he leaned in to kiss me the first time. I saw his face so clearly it was as though I was awake. I questioned if I was lucid. I thought, Wow. I see his face as though I were awake. It was a very nice feeling. I had said something to him about how much his affection for me meant to me. He smiled and said, me neither. I smiled and thought to myself that it was kind of an endearing thing that it didn't bother me that instead of returning or affirming a positive statement like that, like saying I feel the same way, he always turns it into an opposite. Instead of saying me too he says me neither. In waking life I just rolled my eyes as I tried to explain that because it is difficult to explain. This is the best I can do. I remember being surprised at how incredibly gentle and loving he was. As we lay there holding each other and kissing. He expressed his frustration at not being able to make love to me. The nice thing though is that it wasn't about the sex at all, the desire to be together or to make love wasn't about the physical at all. It was about the emotional and soul connection and the desire rooted in that to be even closer in those ways. He picked up a bottle of perfume off of the bedside table. He sprayed it into the air and didn't like the smell of it at all. I said, What? You don't like it? He said, No. That smells bad. I said, Oh. Well. That's the perfume that I've been wearing for the last ten years. He just looked at me. I said, That's okay. I'm ready for a change. You can buy me something that you like. We were also talking about his hair growing out and him shaving his head. He had really black hair. And also through the dream he kept calling me darling.