I was bodily flying around the houses of my CRHP sisters who live in Foxtown. I was opening their shutters and curtains or draperies from the outside of the house. I was singing this song about letting the sunshine in. When I was outside of BJ's house, I knew she was in the shower but I still opened the curtains to her bedroom windows. I thought that might be a problem but I. it might have just been a split second that she was in the shower or bedroom. But I did it anyway. Like she will see it on time and it won't be a problem. There were a couple of them that I wasn't sure if I had the right house but I did it anyway. Later, BJ asked me about it. If I was the one that did it. Then I didn't want to admit that I did it. that I opened her bedroom curtains. I said, Yes. I opened some of them. That was a lie. Part of this started because I knew that Julie D was upset or depressed so I wanted to open her windows and let the sunshine in. I thought that would help her over her depression. Some time after that I went to Julie D's house and encouraged her to get out. I told her I would watch her kids for her for awhile so she could get out and do something on her own. She had two little girls and a little boy. I was somewhat concerned about the boy but I still wanted her to get out and do something on her own so I went ahead and watched all three of them. I took the kids to the beach but there was no more of that in the dream. I was bringing the kids home from the beach. Julie D and Mike D were there. The kids were talking about what a good time they had except for the extreme heat. We mentioned that perhaps the next time we needed to do something about the heat. I suggested that perhaps a beach umbrella was a good solution. They thought too that was a good solution, but they didn't know if their dad would buy one. I asked, Why? How much are they? They said, maybe as much as $100. These are small children so I don't know why or how they would even know that. I said, Well, if we could find one for about $60, if he wouldn't pay for it maybe I would. They were hesitant to even ask him. I thought it was odd because they have this really nice new home in Foxtown. They drive very nice vehicles. They have a boat. Yet, the kids are worried that he wouldn't pay $60 for a beach umbrella for his children? It just didn't make sense to me so I decided to mention it to him. While we were talking to them about what a good time we had I said, Maybe next time we should have a beach umbrella. I understand you can probably get one for under $100. I think maybe we found one. I think maybe he mentioned like a Service Catalog. He said there was one for $61. I still wasn't sure if he was going to pay for it. He said we could order it out of that catalog. But I still wasn't sure if he was going to pay for it or if he expected me to pay them for ordering it out of their catalog. I think this was another time that I had gone to their house. Julie D and the kids had just snuck something in the house and they didn't want me to see it. Later I found out that they had bought something for me. It was two things that kind of looked like the cement birdbaths that people buy for their yards. They were that shape but they weren't nearly that heavy. One of them had elephants and things in the part that would be a birdbath but was unfinished. The other one had a brown and green glaze finish. It had something else in it but I don't remember what. Julie D told me to take it home with me but to act as though I had not seen the one with the elephants because the kids didn't want me to see that one yet.