I was floating along the top of this lake. I was in a vertical position. I don't have the sense that anything was propelling me but I was moving pretty rapidly along the top of this river. I was floating along the top of the water but near the water's edge. Occasionally there were different alligators and things in the water. That may have been the reason that I was going fast or. It seems more that I occasionally I had to go up higher so as to be out of their reach. I was in these woods. Someone helped me to build a cabin. It was our intent to build a very inexpensive cabin. This was partially because I wanted to live in the woods. We didn't build it well, at all. The windows didn't fit properly. We had a huge rainstorm and we couldn't keep the rain from coming in around the windows. I was watching a basketball game on TV. It was a championship game between an Illinois school and a University in my home state. The Illinois team won. After the game they were interviewing the coach. The coach was Ben D. I was very excited about this. I decided to go outside and wait for him to come out so I could talk to him. When he finally came out there were mobs of people all over. I ran up behind him and put my arms around him and kissed him on the check. He turned around and kissed me lightly on the lips. He was surprised to see me there. I told him I was also surprised to see him. I told him I have a cabin here because I wanted a small place out in the country. I wanted him to stay and chat but he said he couldn't because he still had to get back to Illinois and he still had press people to talk to and had a game the next day. I said something about the next time he would be in my home state. One of the athletes had been injured in a car accident or something some time ago and had lost both of his legs. His father wouldn't take pity on him and made him keep working on what he really wanted to do. So the athlete kept working at playing basketball, even though he didn't have any legs. He didn't do it from a wheelchair either. He was simply using his hands to move himself around. He was playing in this game. He was a hero to people because he overcame this shortcoming.