Matthew, Ashley B and I had gone to BJ's house for a family picnic. She had invited a lot of the Harris family. Richard K also showed up just as I was leaving. Someone else, and I said, oh, both Richards are here. While we were there she had three live turkeys running around in the house and other birds flying around in the house and sitting on the tables and eating the food. It didn't seem to bother anyone but me. When I got there Kim H had asked me to fix her watch for her. I sat down at BJ's sewing machine to fix it for her. BJ wanted to know what I was doing. I told her. She said, Oh well, isn't that just perfect! Kim H can't ask me to fix it for her. She has to ask you to fix it for her. Sarcastically. I said, I don't know what the deal is. You and Kim H really need to work things out. She asked me to fix her watch and I just said I would do it for her. BJ said, are there holes in the stitching in the seams. I said that I didn't see any. She said, Well let me see it. So I held it up and showed it to her and she couldn't find any either. That seemed to upset her even more. Then she started in on me my about her kids liking me best. She was going on about all the things that she was mad about. She was being very mean. I finally said, Look, I'm just going to go home. I don't deserve this. I'm just trying to be nice to your kids. I don't know what your problem is with them or with me. But I don't deserve this and I'm just going to go home. The more this went on the angrier I became. I became beside myself with anger. Even when I awoke I still felt the anger. BJ just had a huge chip on her shoulder about something. Especially regarding Kim H and I just wish they could work it out. I went and wanted to find Bev and at least say hello to her before I left. I saw Bill F and was looking for Matthew so I could go home. Bill F told me where he was so I asked him to take me over there. We headed to the car to go get Matthew. As soon as we got there Matthew showed up and I told him we were leaving. He didn't want to leave right away. I told him what happened and then he was okay to go. I went upstairs where everyone was eating and I very quietly said hello to Bev and told her very, very briefly what happened and that I was very angry and uncomfortable so I was just going back home. Some people were just looking at me and wondering what was going on and I just wasn't going to get into it. I went downstairs and I was going to use the bathroom before I left and Mother knocked on the door and asked me if I wouldn't consider staying. She wanted to know what was really going on. I said, Mother I can't hear you right now. I finally said, I don't know what's going on with her but I don't deserve for her to talk to me the way she did when I was just trying to help her child. The bathroom morphed into this very large room, not like a bathroom, but I was still using the bathroom. All these people kept coming in and I kept saying, Can't I have a little privacy here? Can you not wait until I finish using the bathroom? Bill F and Matthew came in to give me something and kept their eyes averted. Brian F was sitting on a sofa next to me and somebody was sitting on the floor in front of me. I said, Look, I don't even have any clothes on. Can someone at least hand me some clothes so I can put some clothes on? Someone handed me a new white T-shirt with some words or something on it. I thought to myself that it wouldn't be very good because they would be able to see right through it. I went ahead and put it on. We had to go upstairs and find Ashley B. I asked Bev if she had met Ashley B and she said, no, who is Ashley B? I introduced them. Ashley B was sitting at a table and BJ was close by and Ashley B said, Can't I stay? I wasn't the bad girl. I looked at her kind of angrily and thought, Oh. Are you implying that I was the bad girl? That kind of upset me. Since it was Ashley B I was trying to be nice about it. We finally got out to the car. I was getting my things out of the front seat so Ashley B could sit in the front seat with Matthew. Suddenly we were driving and Ashley B was in the backseat and I was in the front. I said, No Matthew, pull over. I want Ashley B to be able sit in the front seat with you. She said something kind of sarcastic. I thought that was not necessary. uncalled for. We got out and switched. I got into the backseat. There were some suitcases sitting on the seat and other things. I don't know why all that was there. We took off again. Now Richard K was in the front seat also and there were BJ, Ashley B, and one small child were all in the front seat. We were going to take BJ back to her house. I was looking out the window. There was a child, approximately 5-6 years of age, heading into the house. He looked so familiar. I thought, I'll bet he's from the city where I live. I think I must know him from the apartment community. Now he is in the car with us, getting something from BJ. BJ knows him.