I was at my townhouse. I had to take everything from my patio indoors as the maintenance people were getting ready to poor new cement. My neighbors to my right had already cleared their patio, as they were the next ones to be completed. I looked through their gate and wondered where they had put everything, as they had a very large outdoor grill and large outdoor patio furniture, not to mention the many other things they had out their. I noticed the wood frame for the new cement had already been laid and their flowerbeds were full of overgrown weeds, as they do not plant flowers or care for them in any way. I began to carry the things from my patio into my dining room. The dining room of my townhouse was wider than in waking life. The neighbors to my left came out and began helping me to clear my patio. We discussed that the three families help each other clear and return things from each patio, as it is our turn to do so. I said that was a great idea. I realized that the neighbors on either side of me had become good friends when I knew the one family by little more than name and the other family not even by name. They were both black families. In waking life only one is black. As I was carrying things into my dining room I was surprised at how many things I had out there. I suppose I had taken things out there little by little over the last five years and didn't realize how much had accrued. I even had two floor lamps. I found that the cord on one had split completely apart and the two halves were no longer connected to each other at all. I was disappointed and frustrated but realized that I could get what I need at the hardware store and fix it as I had done with two of my indoor floor lamps. I had hung pictures and things on the wood fence. This next thing is difficult to describe. There were two things, the size of one of my flowerbeds, which had words on them. They were kind of like paper posters, but they had been lying on that flowerbed with other things sitting on them. One of them was a copy of a custom-made area rug. It had religious quotes on it and religious pictures. I had forgotten how beautiful it was I thought those quotes were very appropriate for me right now and that I should put them on something else so I can see them everyday. As we were doing this the neighbors to my right, still don't know their name, had built a very large wooden enclosure for their large black dog. I commented to them that their dog never seemed to care much for my rabbit, Sir Gallahad. I said he used to bark at him a lot. For that matter, he tends to bark when I'm out there also, but that does seem to have lessened. I'm not sure why they had built this enclosure. Maybe to be able to let him be outdoors when they are not home. Our shared fence had a gate in it, which allowed us to access each other's patios. As I was clearing my patio they moved the dog enclosure to my patio. I wasn't sure why. I had the impression that they did it because I had more room now and they wanted more room on their own patio. This enclosure was about 4 feet tall and approximate 7 x 7 feet square. Their dog stands about 3+ feet tall. At first the enclosure had a top on it but later it did not. While they were helping me to clear my patio they took some of the larger things and stored them in another wooden enclosure on their patio for me. We both acknowledged that it would only be for a few days anyway. I was a bit concerned about how they were putting some things in there. I was concerned that something might break. However, I was grateful for the assistance so I didn't say anything. when no one was around and the patio was almost empty I went to one corner of the patio, in a flowerbed, and urinated. I thought, This is cool that I can do this without any concern of being seen. It seems that I may have done this twice. I asked the neighbors how long they planned to leave the dog enclosure on my patio so they moved it back to their patio. Now it was smaller in width and length. As we looked down into the enclosure, the dog was in there. They also had several pink rose bushes. Someone else came up and cut the largest flowers off the rose bushes. They said that now the enclosure was fine to leave the dog in there while they were away. It was dark now, and I was standing out on the patio. I still had three lights out there. I think two of them might be fixtures that needed to be taken indoors and were not in their usual spot. I was thinking about how much I liked the effects of those lights and wondering why I don't take more time to enjoy that space that I have worked so hard on for the last five years. The mosquitoes?