I went outside, in the evening after dark, to do some yardwork. I was going to trim the yard and bushes primarily. I was thinking about how much I use to enjoy doing that type of work, and how therapeutic it can be. I went to my two shrubs and had decided to trim them myself since the apartment maintenance men had not gotten around to it in some time and they were badly in need of trimming. I realized this may cause me to have more shoulder problems, as when I pruned my lilac bush. There was something else about a lot of people doing this at their own homes but I don't remember that part. As I started trimming the bush to the left I realized it was almost completely dead and that I would call the office to see if it could be replaced. The dead branches were the rusty brown color that dead evergreens turn to when they die. I decided to go ahead and cut it all out now anyway, until they could get there with a new one. When I got to the second bush there were parts of it that were dead. I debated whether or not to cut the dead out. I wasn't sure if it would look worse to leave it in or take it out. I decided to go ahead and cut it out. After I did that I saw lots of tall weeds growing through that brush. I got down onto the ground, starting on my hands and knees and then eventually moving to a sitting position, and started pulling the weeds. Some of them were very large and thick but I was determined to pull them rather than cut them off so I could get the roots out. It seemed that the more I pulled out the more I saw. Some of them were a very bright lemon-lime color. As I was finishing up I was walking closer to the wall of the townhouse when I realized that all of my Canna flowers were gone also. I was stepping in very soft gooey mud. I was wearing my moccasins and I didn't want to get them all muddy, but I also didn't want to go into the house to change when I had so little left to do. I stepped back into the grass and scraped my feet in the grass trying to get rid of the mud before it dried on my moccasins. When I finished there was very little bush left. In the midst of this trimming, I saw four people heading to their respective cars on the other side of the street. One of them said something, which made me look. I think the child might have said hello to me and his father yelled at him not to do that. I went to the truck - not at all like any truck I've ever seen. almost looked like some type of armored vehicle - to say something to the father but he just pulled away. nearly hitting me. The other two people had gotten into a car in front of him and had already pulled away. I went and got a broom to start sweeping up the cuttings from the driveway. As I was doing so I saw a dead grey goat, a little older than a newborn goat perhaps, lying in the gutter at the end of the driveway. This was very upsetting. I didn't know what to do. I thought I would finish sweeping and then decide. I continued sweeping the clippings up the driveway towards the pile of clippings in the yard. As I did so, I found a dead deer in the driveway. This was even more upsetting. I made the same decision to finish first. As I did so I also found a dead cow that was white and caramel colored, and a black bear. I tried to sweep the clippings around them to the yard. As I was doing so the deer shook its head and stood up. Next the cow and then the bear did the same thing. The goat was, in fact, dead. I was stunned. But then they started talking. They were going to do something about the man in the truck and their purpose in life was to do something about other people like him. To fight unkindness and cruelty in the world. I wanted to join them and help them in their cause. At this point I was barefoot and I wanted them to wait until I got some shoes on but they didn't want to. It was cold outside and I didn't want to walk barefoot on the cement. Plus, I knew that you shouldn't do that because you might injure your feet. I decided to take my chances on catching up with them and ran into the house to put some shoes on. It seems as though I am a man now. The inside did not look like the inside of my waking life home. I hurried upstairs to get some shoes. My wife was there visiting with two other men. One was her father the other may have been a brother. My child was in bed asleep. The house was decorated for Christmas I was rushing around trying to find some shoes. I saw a slip-on sitting in the hallway. I tried to find its mate. I debated whether it was mine or not and whether it was a male or female shoe. I put it next to mine and decided that it would fit. I finally found the mate and slid it on. I ran outside. As I did this I realized that my wife would so love to do this and seldom gets the opportunity. I went back into the house and let her go instead. They got into a vehicle together and left. I am a woman again now, myself in waking life. I was sitting with three other women on my bed. The house was decorated for Christmas. We had all just awakened from naps. I started telling them about the dream I just had about the bushes. We were extremely surprised and excited to find out that all four of us had dreams with very similar elements, centered around the bushes. Three more women entered the room. [I only know one of the women sitting on the bed and can't think of her name in waking life-just that she was a member of JLI and was single when I knew her. Two of the women who just entered the room I don't know.] Marlene F was the third woman who entered the room. I motioned for her to grab the rocking chair and pull it closer. It had a dark green seat cushion on it. One of the original four had lay back down and closed her eyes. I leaned over and asked if she was okay. She didn't respond. I told the new three about the other four of us having similar dream symbols during our nap. Two of the three that had just joined us said they had the same thing. The one lying down now sat back up and said she had just lain down for a few moments to try to capture more of the dream. She said she needed to make a phone call ASAP. I told her we would take a break in just a few minutes. We started talking about the dream having some message about Christmas. Myself and a member of JLWA were both single and had very similar feelings and experiences about Christmas over the last few years. We have both lost our joy in the seasonal celebrations and events. We quit watching the holiday shows, and quit going to parties and community events. We discussed that we should do those things together. That we should both try to be the force behind the other when we don't feel like doing something we know we used to enjoy so much. Even if it is just watching TV specials together. I felt as though I was begging her to do this. She agreed that we should but did not agree to do so. A reporter walked in the room and wanted to know if she could observe and take notes. I made sure it was okay with everyone else. I told her we were getting ready to take a five-minute break and then we would reconvene. She seemed irritated. I was trying to be pleasant and told her that one of the women needed to make a phone call at this time and another needed something else and we would keep the break as brief as possible. She still seemed irritated and that irritated me. I didn't have to let her observe after all. As it turned out when we did try to reconvene the reporter had left because we had taken too long. We decided to call it a night. I was still trying to partner with me in a holiday effort but did not get a commitment from her. I was thinking about all the things that I could do myself to try to work towards my personal holiday goals.