I'm at something like a stadium. Two women, celebrities, were in a battle for control of something, though not a physical battle. Everyone was in danger and trying to escape. Ben D seemed to be a primary target but refused to leave without me. we did get separated because she had spotted him and he needed to get away as quickly as possible. Others and I were yelling at him to run. Later I learned that he had been killed. I was very sad. I continued trying to escape from this stadium. Sometimes I found myself retracing my steps. I disconnected all the electrical sources for the kitchen area, as that is where she was holed up. I realized that two other women were trying to help her. They and two other men were sitting at this huge metal table that was on tracks. I electrically sabotaged the table and it crashed when they could not stop it. They ended up being killed with two innocent people as a result of my action. I felt bad but not guilty because I believed that I had saved many more people in the process. I wouldn't believe that Ben D had been killed. It seems that later I found out that he had in fact survived. I just needed to find him, to get to him. One of my efforts to escape was to hide in an upside down trashcan. The trashcan was clear plastic but the various trash bags in it were black. I had one of two men turn the trashcan upside down over my head and hide me on one side of it with the trash bags on the other side. This way I was hidden from view at some angles. They began to roll four trashcans to another area. I was in one of those and I was praying no one would see them from the angle where I was visible. I was lying somewhere asleep. I tried to wake up. I partially opened my eyes and thought I was truly awake. Things seemed still and quiet. I thought I was awake and that this whole thing had really happened. Then I realized that it wasn't over and the safest thing for me to do probably was to go back to sleep, or at least pretend to be asleep or dead. I was so drowsy that I couldn't keep my eyes open anyway. Someone came and got me and told me they had a safe way out for me. I went with them. They had me hidden and were rushing me by all of these other people. I asked if I could talk to them but they didn't respond. I was feeling a strong need to talk to someone as I had been going through this ordeal alone.