I was in my townhouse, but it had an attic. I was cleaning out this attic. I wanted to get things ready to take to Mother and Daddy's to take to a garage sale. In this attic it had very, very high ceiling. It reminded me of the storeroom of a retail store, where it had shelves, maybe five high and on all four walls. Each of the shelves were pretty high and there was a lot of space in between the shelves so it had a lot of high things. Some of the things were very tall. I was deciding to get rid of so much stuff. There were 10-12 different sewing machines. I was commenting to someone on how I had all of my different sewing machines, from the first one that I learned to sew on through to the current one that I use now. I decided that I wasn't going to price anything for the garage sale. I wanted Mother and Daddy to just let people make an offer and they could decide if that was fair. I didn't want to take the time to put prices on everything because I had so much stuff. As we were getting this stuff down and carrying it out, I went out and saw that Daddy had set up to have the garage sale right there because there was so much. But at this point it seemed to be not at my townhouse. Maybe at my birth home but that doesn't seem right either. He had set up the garage sale in all these different rooms and different areas outside. He had gone ahead and priced things as we had carried them out to him. As we were taking things down off these shelves that I either didn't know were there or I had forgotten were there. So there were things that I was deciding to keep or that I had set out for the garage sale but then I changed my mind and decided that I didn't want to sell them after all. I brought those things back in. The things were primarily antiques or had an antique appearance. In fact, I commented to someone that these were the kinds of things I look for when I go to the antique mall. When we were close to having everything out there, I went out and started shopping at my own garage sale. When I added up the prices of everything that I wanted to keep it was around $1100. I asked someone if we really had to pay for our own things, for the things that we decided we didn't want to sell. So, I was carrying the things that I wanted to keep back inside. At that point, it seems that maybe there were things there that other people were selling as well. This makes sense in the context of my earlier question. I had found quite a few Native American things. jewelry, a headpiece with feathers. I said, That's what I needed for my SAID costume. I'm going to go ahead and buy it or keep it so I have it the next time I wear that costume. There were also two small stools. They were square, wood, painted blue, but also had something else painted on them like flowers or stencils. I decided to keep them so I could refinish them and keep them. There were also some very pretty porcelain things but I don't really know what they were or what they were for. There were quite a few porcelain things that I was going to sell and someone told me what they were but I don't remember now. I also realized as I was cleaning this out that some of the things had been left there by a previous owner. So I was debating if it was alright for me to keep the profit from those things. There was also a lot, a lot of stuff animals. I was just running my arm along the shelves and just knocking them all to the floor. Towards the end, one of the very top shelves still had some things on it, I was trying to get them down myself but I was afraid I was going to fall or break some of the things so I realized I had to wait until Matthew came back, then I could ask him to get those things. We left. I don't know who we is. For some reason, I don't know if we left and were going home. As I was looking around at the things that I had carried out there, the things that were for sale, I also found some Native American jewelry that I was going to buy. But after I gathered up all the things that I was going to keep or buy and saw the total, I started reevaluating and putting some things back since it was around $1100. Even though I didn't know how much of that I was actually going to have to pay since most of the things were mine. I carried the things of my own that I wanted to keep back inside. It seems there was also something to do with taking showers, or taking turns taking showers. Figuring out who was going to take a shower when.