I was struggling with whether or not I was awake. I thought I was sitting up on the side of the bed. I had my hands over my eyes or my ears. I decided that I was awake now, but I couldn't wake up fully. I heard noises downstairs and it scared me because I knew Matthew wasn't supposed to be home at that time. He was out of town. I managed to get myself to the bedroom door and get my door shut and locked. Then I thought I was fully awake so I opened the door a little bit and I realized that Matthew had come home and had just gone into the bathroom. I went and banged on the door but he was in the shower and didn't hear me. I went back into my bedroom and closed the door. I came back out later and saw him and I was furious with him for frightening him. I was yelling at him not to do that to me. that he had scared me because I wasn't expecting him home and then I hear these noises in the house and didn't know what was going on. I was ranting about it to him. This is uncharacteristic of me in waking life. I think he and Ashley B and another of their friends were getting ready to go back out. They were downstairs. I was taking empty boxes and throwing them as hard as I could downstairs. I was trying to get them to bang against the door or the wall at the bottom of the stairs so he would know just how angry I was. This time I wasn't angry because he had come home without telling me and frightened me. This time I was angry with him for leaving again, because he is never home, because the summer break is almost over and I feel as though I haven't seen him much during his break. I am very happy that he and Ashley B have found each other and are so happy together, but that has definitely taken time away from me. so that is difficult for me. It makes me feel as though I missed out on having the summer with him. There was a part of the dream where I was cleaning up the apartment and I had cleaned out my bedroom and was now working on my office. In the office there were a couple of piles of gifts that were wrapped and waiting for people. One pile was Matthew's birthday presents. Another pile was old Christmas presents that had not been delivered. I had been saving them for when I saw these people and I finally decided when I was cleaning up the room to just forget it. I didn't even remember what was in each one. I unwrapped them. I found a couple of sweaters. I thought they were nice, and realized that they were my size, so I decided to keep them for myself. Matthew was there at his current age and simultaneously at the age of 8 or 9. He came in with his bike helmet on. I knew that the older Matthew was cleaning out his room. I told the younger Matthew to check with the older Matthew to see if you need a new bike helmet. You could have the one he is getting ready to throw away or get rid of. Shortly after that, Jo V shows up. She tells me that she got the job here in the city where I live and that she is there to live with me for a few months. I was sitting in my easy chair in my office. It was sitting in the middle of the room. We both held out our arms for a hug, and she kind of jumped on me. as though we were celebrating. I think she was actually just leaning over to hug me. It tipped the chair over backwards. We were laying on the floor laughing. The older Matthew came in to see what was going on. I told him that Jo V had gotten the job and was going to be staying with me for a few months. I took her into my bedroom to show her how I had been cleaning up and cleaning out and getting ready for her. Darren showed up. When I opened the front door he was standing there and I could see that he was upset. It turns out that he was upset about the letter that he needs to sign for my name change. He came in, something about him climbing in bed with me, and he was mad because I wouldn't be intimate with him. He ended up leaving. I don't know if this is another part or another dream. I think it was related to my having a lot of difficulty waking up this morning. I was at DVC. I was having a lot of trouble staying awake. I was waiting for someone there. I think I had an appointment. Because I was having so much trouble staying awake they thought I was ill. They were trying to help me. I decided that I just needed to go home. So they were going to find someone to take home since it was not safe for me to drive like that. They helped me into a chair, but I slid way down almost out of the chair as I was falling asleep. Then they came and got me up and took me outside. As I reached the grass I slumped down into the grass on my stomach and fell asleep. They got me under a tree and then were going to go get someone else to help them. They got two men that worked in the warehouse, doing shipping etc. One of these men came out and took him into the warehouse. I think he was having me wait there until he could take me home. This woman inspector came from some kind of agency. This made everyone very nervous and they were worried about her seeing me lying there asleep. One of the men was going to hide me in between these boxes and hope that she wouldn't find me there. I noticed a very large empty box and started to climb inside it. There were two men standing there talking about whether or not that was a good idea. Then I saw another very long box that I could lie down in. There was also something about a long, flat box that was about the width and depth of a briefcase but maybe 5-6 feet long. You could put this box into a briefcase and pull the briefcase together to make it easier to carry the box.