Jo V moved in with me at 2 am one morning. I didn't realize that she had until someone told me. It seems as though I went to the backroom, of the show Cheers. Carla came back. It was really a mess. There was stuff everywhere, stuff all over the floor, paper all over the floor. I was trying to clean up and Carla was trying to help me. There were playing cards all over the floor. She was picking them up and putting them together. I said, No. No. There are different kinds so we have to sort them by deck. We started sorting them. Now we were in this large house. It was an older house, very cool house, with many rooms. I went to this one room that was being used for storage. I could hardly get the door open. There were all kinds of Mickey Mouse and Walt Disney things in there. I thought it was very cool. I suggested to someone that we should use it to create a Mickey Mouse Room or something similar. When I heard that Jo V had moved in, I went back to that room with the intention of clearing it out for Jo V to move into. She had already done that. It looked very nice. She had set up her computer equipment in a big, open room. It had three tables, set together in u formation. She had at least one very unusual piece. It was a rectangular computer screen, I think. Very long but not very high. There were several children. Jo V and I were showing them something on the computer. There was something about these children needing to go to bed or go to sleep. There was also something about criminals. Maybe they once owned the house and were now trying to get it back but weren't able to. At one point I may have been a teenager. I wanted to go someplace or with someone and was being told I couldn't. I was figuring out how I was going to sneak out and do what I wanted. I had this picture in my mind, being in the backyard of this house. The driveway curves around, up and goes to the back. I enter into a side door to go change my clothes. There was also something about bars on the windows and about Matthew moving out of the house to go to school.