Lots of wild scenes from the old I Love Lucy show. I was living with them. We were in their apartment and, I think it was mostly Lucy, but there were many of us there. We were all creative type people. I'm thinking maybe artists or some type of designers. I had a pile of my work that had been set aside. People had been setting it aside and not paying much attention to it. Finally someone said something about my work and that someone in particular had really liked it. Lucy spoke up and affirmed that we needed to market my things more, that I really did have a lot to offer. I was doing this thing that I have done before in a dream, where I can suspend myself in the air a few feet off the floor, with intention. I am able to do it much longer than most people. Carmen A was there. I know she wants to fly, so I told her that she and I should practice this more. I said the more we practice the longer we will be able to stay in the air and the longer we are in the air the more it will feel like flying. I picked up my work because other people were being critical. Their criticism made me decide that I needed to leave this group. They weren't supporting me and they weren't giving me the energy I needed to follow and use this work for others. When I left the group Lucy was now someone else but I don't know who. I don't have a name or image. Maybe an angel? I have no idea why I would think that. When I took my work and left her apartment because of the lack of support I was receiving from the group, I moved into a separate apartment or. At this point it seemed like a hotel room. I left the room for a little while. When I returned in the evening I found 3-4 female artists there. They all seemed to be dressed in black and white. I was surprised to see them there because I thought this was my private space that I had retreated to when I left the group and that lack of support. They didn't actually apologize for being there but they said they hoped I wouldn't mind. I realized that the same person owned this space and for that reason these other people had keys. Even though I had tried to leave the group so I could be alone and nurture my gift, my creativity, my uniqueness, my individuality. These other people followed. They wanted to leave the group also and were coming to me because they felt some type of solidarity with me and/or my work. I went out and started doing more work and it was becoming more and more accepted and appreciated. More and more of the people from the original group were coming to me and affirming my work. I heard that Lucy's original group had decided to disband. She was going to bring a new group of people together. Some would be from the old group. I was to be a major part of this new group. She wanted to start promoting my work more. I said that I wanted to do an elf portrait [not a typo] where my hands would be covering my eyes to protect my inner self. My hands are covering my eyes because I do not want to see, And my knees are pulled up to my chest to protect my inner self, And as I am stretching out my hands and my legs, I begin to intentionally explore and develop my inner being in the world around me as I experience it. As I experience the world around me, I experience my inner self. As I experience my inner self more intentionally, I more fully experience the outer world. I also did a creative piece of a tree. There was a poem that I created and recited about this tree and as soon as I did I felt the ground slowly and dramatically. Then I lifted my head and I said, I need to write that down. I didn't write it down in the dream. I simply recited it. This was the poem. As a tree I stand tall and I weather the wind and the snow. And as the rain falls, my leaves and my branches absorb its nourishment and it helps me to grow. As the sun beats down I dry and I become withered and wilted. The rain comes again. My Branches begin to flourish and I begin to bud. The sun shines warmly upon me. I move gently with the wind. The fullness of my beauty begins to develop. Someone noticed that when I put myself in the physical position of my self-portrait that my index fingers were pointing up. They thought it meant something about. I don't remember now exactly but I interpreted it to mean something about spirituality. I said, but that's exactly me. My life journey is this intentional exploration and development of self and spirituality and how do I better explore and understand myself through my dreams and through spirituality and how do I help others with this path? As I was saying this it was as if there was a film of pictures depicting spirituality. Though they were abstracts, they seemed to be. I say it was a film but they seemed to be moving vertically up this wall. The image was similar to that of a film being projected onto a screen. They weren't actually pictures hanging on a wall, but rather just the images moving quickly up the wall from the bottom to the top and then disappearing into the ceiling. They were moving fairly quickly, though you could still see the images and you could see that they were all individual pictures. The colors were all very soft. The backgrounds were all white. They all had a lot of white space on them.