Jennifer K had called to ask me for some information, if I remembered much about canoeing on the Whitewater River. She thought she remembered their being some places that were steep, uphill, that were very difficult paddling and also severe turns. I didn't recall that and also told her that the furthest I recall canoeing there was beginning in BR and going just south of her parent's house. Her and I and a friend of ours made arrangements for a weekend outing. I think it was going to include this canoeing. I don't know if it was just one day or a weekend. We arrived at this place. It almost looks like several highway interchanges criss-crossing over, under and around each other. They had cement walls along the outside. Some people were setting up tables along these walls, like card table and chairs. It was to solicit business from pedestrians or people walking by. The one man I knew. As I waiting for Jennifer C and the other girl I went and sat down across from him. Then I said, Oh. I'm sorry I won't do that. I don't want people to think you're busy. I don't want to cost you any business. Jennifer C and this other girl showed up and we were sitting our things in piles along these walls. These two friends of hers show up and the original three of us start discussing splitting the cost. We realized that these two friends of this other girl were there to share the outing as well. So one of us said something about us splitting the cost five ways now. The one girl said, No. My agreement with the two of you was that we would split it three ways. So we will still do that. I will split my third three ways with my two friends. This bothered me, as it didn't seem right. Even though we had an agreement to split it three ways, it seemed that if we now had five people, the most fair thing was to split the cost five ways. As it turned out, none of the three of them spent any time with Jennifer C and I. I'm alone again, still on these ramps, waiting for Jennifer C. There were two car crashes. The one man that I had gone to sit with at his table was Asian and someone that I knew. The first car accident struck him and it severely severed his leg. I don't think it completely severed it and it was low on the leg. He shows up later in a cast and on crutches. When the second crash occurs, it completely severs a man's leg, very near the hip. He is yelling and carrying around, not over pain, but more angry at the inconvenience of it. The Asian man brings a kitchen-size wastebasket over for the man to prop his hip on to catch the blood. The other part of his leg flew off somewhere. He was yelling something about a brother, that he thought was somehow responsible for this because he was covering for his brother and if he hadn't been covering for his brother he wouldn't have been there and it wouldn't have happened. I don't remember the details clearly. He seems to be more upset about that than the pain. I'm not sure but I think I was thinking that I have wondered before if there is a place in BR that I can get on the Whitewater or that there was a waterway that I could get on in BR. I wasn't sure if it was Whitewater and/or I wasn't sure where it would lead me if I did get it on it where I was thinking about getting on it in BR. I was talking to some of these people at these ramps, the Asian in particular, about that. Somehow these ramps had something to do with that. He said, Whenever I've taken the one that I thought was the right one, that it always led me where I expected it to. Somehow I had the sense led to where I was talking about. I walked down the ramp to one point. I had some sense that the Asian man was right, but yet I still felt pretty uncomfortable with it. So I just walked back up and decided to wait for Jennifer C. This man with the severed leg. I don't know if there was just a mess surrounding him or if I just realized that it was a dangerous area. I picked up my and Jennifer C's things and moved them to another area. Then when she finally returned I told her that I had moved this stuff. Two of the things were nail clippers and manicure scissors. It was all just very small things, like toiletry things. Her and I were sitting there talking. She asked for my thoughts on the outing, especially as it pertained to these other three women. I shared with her what I thought. I returned home and I realized that I didn't ask Jennifer C for her take on the situation. I decided that I would send her a thank you note and tell her that I enjoyed spending the time with her and acknowledge that I had not asked her opinion of the situation. I would apologize for that in the note and ask her to let me know her thoughts.