The children and I were in a room. I was picking up my knitting and pulled a thread out. I was annoyed and then shrugged my shoulders. "Eh! I'll just rip the whole thing out and do it over again." I then saw I was close to completing it. I decided to try to salvage it. I started looking for a small piece of yarn of the same color (off-white). I was holding the knitting gingerly so I wouldn't snag it further and really unravel it for good. The kids were in the way and not being helpful. I was slightly angry with them, at Ellie for not helping, and at Paulina for having taken some of the yarn. I would "almost" find it and then it would change and not be the right shade. I then looked over at some goats frolicking in a yard. I said, "Oh, look at the one dancing on its hind feet, standing up." Someone laughed and said, "That's some goat. It's a small human man." I then saw that it was. He and 2 others like him came over to the door. I looked down at them and chatted, thinking how good I was to not be unduly upset about their "disability" or strangeness. I was then aware of some conflict in a bar. My brother Dwight was in trouble. I went over there to help my brother. The small man followed me. Dwight was being told he had to give the bartender some money. The bartender was my cousin Terence. He was a bad man (the bartender). I argued for Dwight and threatened the bartender like a lawyer. I had no evidence but I bluffed that I could get him thrown in jail, etc. He persevered. I then saw a trapeze bar with a metal sort of door handle on it. It was a game. If you could jump straight up and hit it with the end of your cane (or stick) 35 times, you won lots of money. I did it 33 times and a couple more for good measure. I was aware that that was pretty good physical activity for my ankle joints being in the condition they were. I took my note (a card with a hole punched in it), over to the bartender and asked for my money. I was proud of my accomplishment. He started to renege, but I pointed out that I had witnesses to my accomplishment. He was angry, but agreed reluctantly to get the money.