I was putting up a few Christmas decorations on top of a large wooden piece of furniture. It was primarily a wooden sled, not solid wood but rather looked like a frame of sled for lack of a better description; some reindeer and they had lights on them. I offered to put them up for a neighbor as well. He declined because of the time of the year. I thought this was quite odd for me, also. I usually put my tree and decorations up the weekend after Thanksgiving and take them down a day or two after Christmas. I was picking up the newspapers in the yard for two of the neighbors. They had come apart a bit so I was sorting the sections and making sure each neighbor got all the sections they were supposed to. Bev's children were going to spend the weekend with me. It ended up that Rachel S was there 1-2 nights early to spend the night. She was at the top of the steps and asked if she could play Nintendo. I told her it was bedtime. I went up to tuck her back in bed and Bev was there too. She was saying that she needed to head for home. I told her that it was so late, about 11 pm, so I thought she should spend the night and drive home in the morning. Otherwise she would be driving until 1 or 1:30 am. I don't know what she decided to do. Rachel S came downstairs in her pajamas. I picked her up to take her back up to bed. I was noticing that she had gained a lot of weight and I felt bad for her. I was thinking about the difficulty all of my siblings and I have in maintaining our weight. it is a constant battle for all of us. I had taken Rachel S to preschool or something and I went into the room to pick her up after. I had a coffee cup with my name on it. Anna. I sat it down on a shelf with all of the children's cups. I went back in a few minutes later to pick it up and it wasn't there any longer. Someone said they thought they knew where it was and they went to get it. I saw an old friend and we were chatting. I said something about talking with or seeing Susan J. She said she would have liked to see her too. I said that I might arrange that the next time. I went to Mass. There were many people coming in at one time. I wanted to sit in one of the back seats because I knew I had to leave at 9:30 am. I chose one seat and when I knelt down I could not put my legs straight back. As soon as I had the opportunity I got up and moved up a few rows further. Someone was talking to Jerry Lewis about his diet and he showed them a storage room where he kept all of his favorite diet foods. It was a very large room with a high ceiling. It had large, commercial-size containers of everything, like they would have at places that serve food to large groups. I saw large jars of what appeared to be olive pieces for salads. I thought that was a good idea. Something new I could put on my salads. Susan J, Marlene F, and myself were all grocery shopping together. All of the things we were selecting from were these dietary things of Jerry's. I had several bags of potato chips in my cart. I thought this might be a nice change for me if they are good for his diet, they might be good for mine.