I was in a marathon road race. I was back in M City, wearing a cute cheerleader outfit. My running partner was Reta, an old high school girl friend. I was exhilarated because I was in this race. I figured I wouldn't finish but at least I could do a segment and then someone else would finish for me. We ran through the paths on L College campus. It was pretty, I was pretty and I didn't hurt. Other girls in the race were amazed at me that I could run. It felt good. We stopped at my old dorm for a drink of water. I looked in at my old room. A man was there. He came out for a chat. Then I remembered the race and we went on. I went on, feeling a little slowed up by Reta, but not too annoyed because I enjoyed being where I was. Then I looked up and a large black lion was running toward me. I got a little scared, and layed down on the path on my back so the lion wouldn't see me and hurt me. He ran close to me and around me and I was very tense. Then there was a second one with a black head and checkered body. They finally left. I got up and ran some more. A girl went by and said, "When you want your replacement, just let them know. I grinned. I decided I was going to go to the finish. Reta was slowing me up. I was annoyed now and kept asking her to pick up her pace. I lengthened my strides. It was hard work then, but I did it. We get to the downtown section of M City. We are near the finish. We then go through the old grade school. We can't find the door out. I think I know where it is, but it's gone now. Then we find it. I then see a store. A man is there. He's the owner of it. I go on. At this point I'm lost. I can't find the finish. I get angry and anxious.  I see an information booth. They are having a bake sale. I ask a woman there for directions. She pulls out pamphlets and we talk. I feel time passing. She says, "Ah, you need to go to Rose's place," (a drug store cafe). I say, "O.K., Reta, let's go. If you can't keep up, I'm going on without you." Now time and the race are more important than her or the enjoyment or the nostalgic surroundings. I run. I almost get to the finish. I run down a hall. Just before I turn left into a door, There's a bed. Thea is there, in the bed, laying down and moaning. She's drunk and incoherent. I look at her and then go though the door. I turn right down a short hall. The other girls who have finished the race are there, resting, talking, one (Sherrie, I think), smiles. I say, "Where's the finish line?" She points back into the room at a silk cloth item with a Valentine's heart on it and pockets. "Touch that," she says. I do. I am weary and glad that I had finished the whole race.