Matthew and I were on a train. He was younger than in waking life. maybe 9 or 10 years old. The train was headed south. We were sleeping. The cars we were on were more like carrier cars. long, flat, and narrow with no structure to them. no walls, seats, etc. I thought they were probably too narrow for Matthew and I too lay side by side so he was lying ahead of me. At times I was in a semi-waking state. I could hear them making announcements and such. They were talking about various trains in the south, and their appeal to families for vacations because of their childlike nature. They were designed to look like various animals and characters. They were also talking about an upcoming trip that was $900 for 8 days, or nights. I thought this was a great deal and maybe something I would be able to afford if things go well will my job. At first I was thinking it would be $900 for the both of us then I realized that was silly for me to think that, that of course it would be $900 for each of us. Still the idea appealed to me. At that point I fully woke up and was looking around me and wondering where we were. I saw a professional football team practicing. Their uniforms were gold and maroon and they were called the cougars. A little while later I saw another football team practicing. Their shirts were maroon and they were also called the cougar. I saw one member of the flag corp with a flag. As they moved the flag into an upright position I could see that it said, Gould High School. At first I thought this was the same team as the first, but later realized they were two different teams. The train seemed to go through factory lots and such. It was in one such lot that the train ride ended. I realized we had a problem because this was not where we wanted to be. I saw a man walking around on the grounds so I got his attention and asked him where we could catch another train. He headed to a door to an UAW building. I told Matthew to walk faster because we didn't want to lose this man. We didn't seem to have any luggage or anything. We entered through one of a set of glass double doors. It was a very large room with shiny, clean grey floors, like you might see in a factory. At the end of the room I could see doors to two small rooms or offices. The man pointed down that way. At first I wasn't sure which door he was pointing to and then I saw a woman stand up from behind a desk. I recognized it as the same type of setting I had been in before regarding this train trip. Matthew and I went to that office. I walked in and asked where we could get on the next train headed north. She typed into her computer and then said, Kilamanjaro and pointed out a window to her left, our right. I asked how soon and got the impression it would be leaving very soon. I clarified and tried to get her to tell me clearly where we needed to go. She and/or I repeated something about Kilamanjaro one or two more times. I had the sense that where we needed to be was about ten minutes away. I was wondering where our luggage was, if we had any, and where our tickets were. I thought that I should probably have kept the tickets on my person. At this point I felt as though I was half-awake in waking life. I thought I was just lying in bed reviewing and remembering the dream, because I could hear my alarm clock playing. It had been playing for a half-hour or so. I didn't get up to turn it off because I knew I didn't really need to get up that early today. This is all very odd and I'm not sure how better to explain it. I recorded the dream clearly as I recall it, yet when I was still in bed, I was thinking about the dream and near the end was thinking this is going to be a problem, not knowing if we have luggage, if we do, where is it and how are we going to get it, where are our tickets, etc. Yet, I wasn't upset or panicked. I just realized that there was a problem. Maybe I wasn't upset because I also realized it was a dream.