I was working at the CAS office, though it looked differently than it does in waking life. I had rearranged the space after Cole P and Terry D had left. I hung a large number of pictures on several of the walls. They went from midway up the wall almost to the ceiling in most areas. I had also moved my workspace to a different location. Cole P and Terry came in and were looking at the changes I made. They asked some questions about the pictures on the walls. I explained to them briefly what the pictures were and why they were where they were. I recognize that there were many pictures of me. not me by myself but of me with other people. I was explaining to them that these were pictures from my previous work experiences. As I was saying that, when we were standing in front of one wall, I realized that I wasn't being very honest with them about that one section. It occurred to me how many pictures of me were hanging there. Because I didn't want to give a bad impression, I explained to them that the one section of pictures was of past work experiences, when I don't think they really were. But I said it because it felt more valid to me to have them there if they were of past work experiences. I seemed to be taking care of some walk-in clients or customers while they were there. We got interrupted so I had to go take care of the client. I went to a desk that was not mine, got what I needed and took care of the client. I went back to Cole P and Terry. They were bringing things in for donation, so it now feels like NTNS. They were bringing in small piles of things and setting them on a table. Terry pointed out that one row of items were his. He said something about keeping them separate because of his wife and her wanting him to keep his things separate from Cole P. I then went back to my own desk to be able to take care of another client. I realized that while I liked my desk in the new area, purely from an aesthetic point of view, it was not going to be as convenient for taking care of clients. There was a difference in attitudes between Cole P and Terry. Maybe there were some hard feelings on Cole P's part because he may have had the sense that his departure wasn't totally his decision. He had felt the pressure, knew that Bill C was not satisfied with his performance. So even though he resigned, it may have been to avoid being fired. Terry was as friendly and pleasant as always.