I had this little thing that I was using for transportation. The thing that I was using was about 8-12 inches off the ground. It might have been two feet long and about a foot wide. You would wonder how anyone could possible sit on something with these dimensions but I was. It was white and it felt kind of like cement. It was shaped like a bread pan. hollow in the center. I put the open end on the bottom and I put a folded piece of fabric on the top to make it softer to sit on. It had a remote control that I used to propel it. It didn't seem to have a motor or anything so I don't know how the remote control could propel it but it did. I took it to a repair shop because it wasn't going as fast as it normally does. They were good-naturedly teasing or enjoying that I had this mode of transportation. The woman that checked me in, instead of writing up a ticket and giving it to the men to be repaired, she somehow repaired it herself. I don't think she even charged me for it. It seems that it was a very minor repair. While I was waiting I was wondering if I should get something else, like a moped. I knew that wasn't really what I wanted. I didn't want a two-wheel vehicle. A moped would be too much like a motorcycle for my taste. Then I realized that what would be ideal for me would be one of these scooters that they sell for people with physical problems getting around. I put it back on the ground and put my bundle of fabric on it and sat back down on it. It's so small I can't figure out how I could sit on it, keep my feet off the ground, keep my balance, or anything. I got on it. I was inside a building. I started going. I was going pretty fast, comparatively, through this building. I was turning corners very quickly and going through doors quickly. I was going so fast that I was concerned that I might fall off when making the turns. At this point I was in a YMCA. The children were watching me on it and they were pointing it out to their parents. saying how cool it was and that it would be even better than a skateboard. I am in the YMCA. I am sitting on a sofa next to Barry C. It seems that we're waiting on someone. He's trying to read the newspaper. It appears that he has Parkinson's Disease. It's what my parents generation used to call Palsy. He's trying to read the paper but he's shaking so much that he can't read it. he can't hold it still enough. I can tell he is getting very frustrated. I don't know if it is hands or his head that is shaking so much. I reach up to try to give his head something to lean against so it wouldn't be shaking so much. He jerked away from me. I thought, oh, he doesn't like that because it looked odd. Maybe if I just lean up against him so it will look like he is just resting his head against mine. When I tried to do that he pulled away again and looked at me as if to say, what are you doing? I said, I thought I would just give you a head to rest against. He didn't say anything but I could tell he didn't want to do that. Someone is giving a tour of the facilities. They are getting ready to do some major renovations and they are taking people on tours to show them what they are going to be doing. I went on the tour. We went through a couple of rooms. We also went to this outdoor space. It reminded me of a garden area - not a vegetable garden. more like a flower garden area, though not really that either. I went back inside. There were children all over the place. obviously. They were having a lot of fun. There were a lot of very unusual rooms. I don't want to say childlike. because they weren't childlike in a toddler kind of way. They were simply very fun looking rooms. Some of the children were smaller, 8- 10, and others were closer to teen years. I was wondering why Matthew didn't spend more time here when he was younger. I would think that he would have really enjoyed it. Some of the entrances weren't typical doors. You had to climb up on something and be able to keep your balance while you got the door open. There wasn't a door handle from the inside so I had to grab the bottom of the door and pull it close enough to me so I could grab the hook for the latchhook. I think I had a pillow and blanket that I was carrying with me while I was trying to get up and through this door. I wanted a drink of water so I went back outside to the garden area. There was an old-fashioned water pump that tapped into a natural spring. I decided to go over there to get a drink but I didn't. I did think that I would go tell Barry C that it was there. I don't remember much about what the rooms looked like. The one room, there seemed to be two doors that were white but they were trimmed in red. a pattern painted on them in red. There were two teenage girls running through that door. They were giggling and squealing the way girls that age do.