A family member or a friend and myself were visiting some people in another town. I don't know the name of the town or even what state it was in. At one point during the dream it was winter and there was a lot of snow on the ground. While we were at this house, the wife was telling us about some chairs that her husband makes that are so soft and comfortable to sit in. She said people just love them. There was a pile of different size cushions sitting on the floor. Some were as small as 6 x 6. Others were large. the size of a regular chair cushion. She was explaining how her husband uses these different sizes to fit them in the frames of these chairs. I had grabbed one of the large ones and two of the small ones and was trying to find different ones that would work well to fill up the seat frame of this chair, but they didn't. Then, either someone told me or I realized that I was using the wrong thing. There were bundles of fabric sitting there. The fabrics were all accordion folded and then banded together so they would stay together. I don't know what they were banded with. The fabric itself felt really soft, like cashmere. They were different colors. They reminded me of winter scarves. I learned that was what he used to make these chairs. He just fit these bundles of fabric together. So, I started doing that, using those. They were different sizes and different colors. With those I was able to make a cushion of sorts on the seat frame of this chair. I commented that they reminded me of Matthew's red winter scarf, how they felt and how they looked. The chairs didn't have much of a back on them. The back was maybe only 6-8 inches high. I wondered how that would be comfortable. There was something besides just the frame but I don't know what or how. After I did get the frame of the chair filled in I sat down on it. It was comfortable. With the back the way it was it surprised me that it was as comfortable as it was. I don't know that it was as soft or as comfortable as I expected it to be from what I had been told. But it was comfortable. It struck me as odd that that was how he made these chairs. that he didn't use any kind of covering for these bundles of fabric. He just put those in there and that was that. There was someplace that I either needed to go, wanted to go, or simply decided to go to. I asked someone to give me a ride and then did. I don't remember where it was. After I was ready to return I just walked. I realized that it was just about a two-block walk and that it was silly for me to have someone drive me there previously. It wasn't snowing then. The weather was nice. I don't remember it being cold. I was back at the house and I decided it was time to go. Whoever it was that was with me, family member or friend, - we got ready to go and they and I disagreed on the path to get home. the route we needed to take to get home. They were going to go one way and I was going to go another. Somehow we kept ending up at the same place. either because we couldn't get through the way we wanted. I was standing there and there was a local town person there telling us to wait for this small train. I don't know if we missed the train or if the train neglected to stop. It was now snowing and the weather was really bad. The train was the type of train that you might see in an amusement park. it reminded me of the old train at Lesourdesville Lake.