I think I was looking outside or I was looking outside through the window of a city building. We see one of the twin towers explode. not like it did in waking life. It was more like. It just exploded and pieces flew everywhere. All of us ran outside. I was just walking around outside on the cement. I was just wandering around very listless because I thought Matthew was in that building or I knew there was a good chance that he was in that building. At first a bunch of people started towards the tower, towards that area. Then other structures started being attacked and exploding, I guess. It was like it was moving towards us. Whatever was causing these explosions was moving towards us. It had caused. Like a flood. I was wandering around on the cement. I decided to just let the flood drown me because if Matthew had died I didn't want to live. I don't know if I changed my mind myself or if someone else convinced me that there was a chance that he was still alive and if there was even a chance that he was still alive I needed to try to save myself. So someone had pointed to a large building and they directed us to go in there. After we went in, we went up a few floors and someone was saying that this building was safe because it was a very new building and it had been built with new materials and new technology and whatever so that it would withstand anything. I'm getting in an elevator and going up to the very top floor. I think there were a lot of children in this building. maybe a class or maybe different classes with their teachers. They were there as part of their normal day. It seems that after I had gone to the top floor that I went to a lower floor. Maybe back up again. I don't remember it what order or why. There was some association to the daytime soap opera The Young and the Restless, the characters Jack and Phyllis. In the elevator of this building it seems that there was a problem. I don't know if I was in a relationship with Jack and someone was destroying a bunch of personal things of ours or mine, trying to separate us. There was a problem with the elevator so I was trying to climb out of the elevator and up through the shaft. It was like it was dangling. and dangling crooked, as though it didn't really fit in the shaft. The shaft was possibly a lot larger than the elevator. I was trying to climb out of the elevator onto the nearest floor above me. There was a handle inside the wall that I was trying to get my hand inside of and pull myself up. I was having a lot of trouble. I started calling for help. Someone did finally come and help me get onto that floor. In another scene I was with a bunch of people. I think we decided that we were in danger in this building so we were going to try to escape. There was one way out that someone had directed us to. Only a certain number of people got out that way safely. Then it became dangerous. So we started looking for another way. In one scene I was with a bunch of girls that were part of a band, like them and their boyfriends were part of a band. These men were asking them to do something. They didn't realize that the men were asking them to do this but at the same time they were being unfaithful. I tried to tell them and they didn't believe me. They finally decided to confront the men and ask them. The men admitted to it. So they had a little bit of a confrontation. Then the men changed their minds and decided to be faithful. I left them. When I left them they were singing one of their songs.  