I was staying at Uncle J and Aunt A's house. [I'm not sure how to explain this but in recalling the dream it isn't until later that I realize why I am there.] I was staying overnight. I was sleeping in their basement. One part of it was a large open room and other parts of it seemed to be like separate small rooms yet not separated by four walls and a door. The big open area was packed with miscellaneous furniture. It was hard to find room to walk around it. There also seemed to be several beds down there. They had me sleep in a bed that was near the bottom of the steps, but in this big open area. Donald K was going to be spending the night also and he was going to be sleeping that bed so they had to put me someplace else. Sandy K and Carol K were there also. They were going to be sleeping in one of the more separate areas. They found another area for me to sleep. I was thinking about cleaning up/organizing that big open area. I didn't want to offend them. I just wanted to do it to be nice and helpful and I knew I could do it well. I didn't do it. I was thinking about the fact that I didn't know how they would feel about it. Bev was getting married. I was doing something and for some reason I realized I was running late for the wedding. There was a heated discussion about who was going to take a shower when and where. I think there were two separate shower/toilet areas. The toilet seemed to have three walls around it. only enough room for the toilet, and yet with no door. When I went to use it I had my long ivory sweater jacket with me and I hung it from something in front of me. I turned it to act as a curtain so no one could see in. There was someone standing out there and I told them, or asked them, to help hold it so no one would see in. The bathtub/showers had two walls and the shower curtains ran around the other two sides. There was some discussion about who was going to use the shower when. I agreed to wait until last. But, I was the maid of honor. Somehow I ended up running late. I looked at my watch and it was 11:45. I realized the wedding was going to start in one half-hour. I hadn't showered yet. I still had to shower, dress, and get to the church. I was very upset and panicked so I didn't even shower. I just grabbed my stuff and left. I don't remember who drove me. I think it was on the way there that I realized that there was something all over the left shoulder. It was covered in white candle wax. I was so angry with myself for not checking it earlier. I realized that I had worn it before I should have at least checked it, if not had it cleaned again. I was trying to crack and peel the dress off the dress. I didn't know if I could get it off. I didn't know how it would look. I realized at this point that I was late for the wedding and that they had postponed the start of the wedding because of me. I was so, so upset that I had done all this. Those things had not worked out better. I realized that part of it was my fault but I also felt that some of it had been out of my control. I knew that a lot of people were going to be very upset with me. I was very upset about that too. I was very upset about the whole thing.