I'm walking with several other people, one of whom is Bobbie. Both of us are having trouble walking, and we've fallen behind the others, but I'm ahead of her for some reason. I seem to be infirm in some way, maybe I'm limping. Bobbie, I think, is okay, but just not as spry as she used to be. The others have to wait for us sometimes, but mostly they let us straggle. We're going to turn right the way the bus does, and I think we're making for town. Later I'm in an office building, walking to an insurance agent's or lawyer's office with another person, maybe 2. Don't know what for. On the way, a woman passes carrying a small child with a spray can of the "string" stuff, and it aims it at me. First it doesn't actually spray anything straight, but I flinch and react with fear. It does it again, a bit more this time, and I'm really pissed off. Mama takes offense, grabs the can herself and sprays it right at me, finally getting rather more on me and she frankly enjoys it, seeing somebody messed up who objects to her child's playing. I decide I've had enough and I'm going to put a stop to it, so I grab the can from her, wrench the spray top off and throw it away. She really gets pissed now, and warns me to expect a lawsuit. Don't remember her exact words, but she's quite sure I'm going to get taken to the cleaners. I compose myself and continue to the place we're going, knowing I'll have to clean myself up for the appointment. I wonder how bad the damage is. After we get to the office and check in with the receptionist, we sit on a couch to wait. I get a look at myself in a mirror finally and somehow I've got a black smudge on my forehead and a spot of white, as well as the pink stuff in my hair. I'm thinking now I might as well leave it and let the legal types see how I look. In all this, I'm concerned about her threat to get me in trouble, but not sure what to expect - I don't feel I'm entirely blameless (of course) but positive that she's the one who did the hostile act, and would be the one to get punished, if there was any question of that. I hadn't considered that, of course, I don't think in terms of me calling for retribution. But I'm worried that she's going to get me in trouble - if not directly, then she's going to mess up what I'm doing here at this office.