I had written letters to several of my old male friends. I wanted to reconnect with some or at least one of them that I could maintain a strong friendship with. I wanted the aspects of the opposite gender friendship, non-sexual though, that you don't get with a same gender friendship. So, I wanted to reconnect with one of these men. Tony S was the one I reconnected with. I think we were at his house sitting on the sofa talking. He said he wanted very much to reconnect and reestablish a strong friendship. But then he also told me that he had always loved me. I don't know how I felt about that. We ended up making love and I had very mixed feelings about this. Because his wife, Dorothy S, is my friend also. I had no desire to betray her. No desire to break up anyone's marriage. Yet, it felt very good to reconnect with Tony S. I suppose in waking life there was some attraction to Tony S though I can't imagine wanting to have a romantic relationship with him because we are too different. I think the attraction was simply that Tony S is just fun to be around. I was going to just leave and get out of the house before Dorothy S came home. In this scene Tony S wasn't there either. There was a male friend of theirs and some other men came in. They were going to be staying there. They were surprised to see me there. They didn't know me and I made some excuse as to why I was there and said I was just leaving. As I was walking out I say Dorothy S sitting on a step. She was holding something in her hand and was sobbing. I thought I was going to just sneak out without her seeing me. As I got out the door I heard her say goodbye to me. I was going to just ignore it and act as though I didn't hear it. Then I heard her yell it again. So, I called back and said goodbye to her. I think I had another conversation with Tony S, or maybe a conversation with Dorothy S. Maybe I assured her that I was only there because I wanted to reconnect with my old male friends to regain the perspective that I get from my male friends.