I was spending a week or so with a wealthy family member who owned and lived in a mansion. I was there to help them with some type of program. As part of this program we had invited in a bunch of women who were brides. maybe 50. They were invited to wear their wedding gowns for the entire seven days that they were there. Some of they did and some of them didn't. Later in the week I was riding down an escalator in the home with a bunch of them. I asked them how it felt to be able to wear their wedding gowns for a whole week and some of them loved it and some of them said they hated it. They said they were just sick of it. I kind of chuckled and said, Is that because of how uncomfortable it is, or maybe too heavy? I don't think anyone answered. There was another group approaching as we were getting off the escalator. Another group of brides was approaching to go up the escalator. Deena A was there. I was in a hurry and didn't have to stop. Just as I was walking past her I said hello. She was sitting with some other people. She was going through some papers. I said, Hi Deena A. How are you? I could tell by her response that she wasn't doing well, maybe upset or aggravated. I ran into Steve B. I think we walked together for a little while and chatting while we walked. Asking each other how we were doing etc. He was talking about how busy this week was and that it's very difficult to enjoy yourself during a time like this. I said, Yes, I guess I know. I haven't had time to spend with any of my old DDSI friends because I was so busy attending to these people. He said, Yes. I said, but that's not to say that I'm not enjoying myself. It's just that, like you, I wish I had time to spend with my old friends. He said, I'm in agreement. About that time I saw Deena A the second time and stopped to see what was going on with her. I took a minute to sit with her. I said, Okay Girlfriend. Tell me what's going on. She said something about me introducing myself under a different name. That wasn't why she was upset but she said that she noticed that and was curious about it. I don't remember her telling me why she was upset. I saw two of our visitors sitting together on a settee. I stopped long enough to say hello and ask how they were doing. It was morning and I wanted to make sure that they had gotten breakfast. One of them said she had just finished with her translator. I said, Okay. I just nodded and said, Okay and continued on my way. Some family member had at one point taken me into a formal dining room. We were going to have some additional guests in a day or two. We were going to be having a dinner or something in this room. Off of the back of this room there were doors at either end. single French doors that lead into a very small narrow room. Looked kind of like a foyer. They said this would be a room that people could go into to have a quieter place to chat. I think there was similar room at each end of the dining room as well, but they weren't as long as the one off the back. They also each were connected by a French door. I was thinking that each of those led to a restroom. I went in there two or three times to check on something. I was doing a preparatory check. I was talking to one of the other family members, maybe the female owner of the home, about the carpets needing to be cleaned. She agreed but we decided to wait until after the bridal program was over. At first we talked about just getting certain rooms done and then get the others done later. I decided to just wait and have them do it all at once. It had been quite awhile since all the carpets had been cleaned. Money certainly wasn't an issue. The bedroom where I was staying was part of a suite. I had the whole suite to myself. I had come out from watching TV and I heard someone else's TV playing. I walked around to see where it was or who was up. I saw where it was coming from but the door was closed so I decided not to bother them. Then I started wondering if I had my own TV turned up so loud that other people heard it. I didn't want to have done that.