I was receiving some kind of award or recognition from the town I was living in for my efforts in trying to rid the town of bad men like the ones described in the rest of the dream. I was standing on a hardwood platform. It looked like a hardwood floor in a house. I was living in a small, rundown shack. I was peering out one of the two glass panels of the front door. The panels were one on top of the other. I was sitting on the floor, peering out the bottom panel, which was a square. The top panel was a rectangle. The whole area had the same type of small wooden shacks. I was looking across the street at some people sitting on the floor looking out the bottom square of theirs. There were three people looking out of that one. I kept looking at it and at one point it seemed that I was lucid so I kept asking myself, What am I doing here? What am I doing here? This car pulled up. I realized that my husband was home and was yelling. I knew that I needed to run away. I started to run. I was having trouble getting away so I started to fly. I couldn't fly fast and I couldn't get very high off the ground. I was just high enough that he couldn't reach me. He kept throwing a knife at me and fortunately he kept missing me. He kept trying to throw it different ways but kept missing me. I kept trying to get away. I had led them, he was with another man now, over a rut in the dirt. It was very muddy. They slipped and fell into it. It was a rattlesnake pit. They were getting bitten and I thought they were dying. They somehow managed to get out alive and continued to chase me. I had gotten myself back into one of these shacks. I felt as though I was moving in slow motion. I couldn't do anything quickly. I tried to go into one room and slam the door shut and lock it. But I couldn't move quickly at all. I had finally gotten one door shut. I still couldn't move fast enough to get it locked. It was as though I was moving in slow motion. I finally managed to get out. I came across a nun. I asked her what she was doing there and she said she was there to help me get away. She was directing me to do different things, but I still couldn't move fast at all. I was doing different things trying to trip them up and deter them but I couldn't believe that the snakes hadn't killed them. They were at least moving slower because of the snakebites. We were in one room and he was leaning with his back by this window. He didn't have a shirt on. I managed to pick up a piece of furniture and push it against him. I lifted it up and pushed him out the window. He fell headfirst into a lake. I thought he was sick enough from the snakebites that he wouldn't be able to survive. I thought he would drown. I did the same thing with the other man. I heard him say, sh. Just act as though we're drowning then we'll surprise her. I told the nun that they were pretending to drown. I continued to try to get away. I was lucid again at this point and said, I have got to wake up. I did.