My flower gardens, but not the flowerbeds here. I don't know where I was initially. There was someone, maybe my Dad but not my waking life Dad. We were working together on planting some things. He was helping me. I remember thinking that if I worked with him on this on a yearly basis that eventually I would learn enough that I would be fine when he is gone. I would know what to do and things such as that. There were two green plants. I don't remember if they were flowering plants or not. He had planted them very close together. At first I thought it was very odd and then I realized it would be a very good look as they matured. It would be very pretty the way they were placed. He was putting something like a very dark rich dirt around them. He was piling it up kind of high around them. One of them had a little pink ball of fuzz sticking out of it. I noticed it and was going to go pull it out but I don't think I did. I was sleeping but needed to get up. There were a lot of people around. I was at a house that I had either just moved into or was going to be moving into. I had a sense that it was like our house on Lakeland Dr. Maybe it was that house but it didn't necessarily look like it. I was walking around looking at the flowerbeds and such. All of my roses were gone from the front flowerbed. The previous owners had extended the flowerbeds all across the front of the house and around the right side and back. In the front they had also extended them down along the side of the driveway. They had made this big rounded, odd shaped flowerbed. It resembled what I've seen on HGTV. I recall seeing Wisteria someplace. It may have been in one of my dreams. When I saw this Wisteria I thought it was very pretty and wanted to remember to put it on my list of things that I want to put in my flowerbeds this spring. I saw that they had lots of Wisteria there. I thought that was very cool. I noticed there was a theme to their flowers. Most of the flowers were yellow and lavender. There might have been some white. I was disappointed that my roses were gone. As I continued around the house I noticed they had many plant hangers in the trees. There were many more mature trees close to the house than there used to be. These plant hangers were very long. Some of them were large. Some were made of iron. They had a hook on one end that you could just hook them onto a branch of the tree. They other end was a hook to hang the plant on. Some were simple colors like brown, black, and white. They were very ornate. Some were very colorful. Some were shaped steel- kind of like a spiral. Some seemed to be carved wood. The more ornate colorful ones were wood. They were very shiny and smooth to the touch. They were bunches of them hanging in the trees. I went around and pulled them all out so I could have them all in one spot and then decide from there where I wanted each one. The previous owner had left them for us. Darren was there at one point. We went around the left side of the house. There was a tall redwood fence. It was the one we had built when we lived there and built the deck but it looked taller and different. It was only along the side of the house. Darren was washing it down. It was so tall that Darren had to stand on the tips of his toes to reach the top. He was washing it all off. I said I was surprised that they left that when they tore the deck off. I went around to the backyard. The pool was still there but it looked as though they had put it in ground. I said I was surprised that they had left that, especially when state law requires that there be a six-foot fence with a locking gate around any pool. I said that we needed to get rid of it. I think we might have had some discussion about the fact that it could be cleaned up and usable. I didn't want to because of safety, I didn't want to put a fence up and because it is a lot of work to maintain. I said that we need to get rid of it immediately. Darren went and got a piece of hose to start siphoning the water out. The piece of hose that he got was only about 3-4 feet long. He started siphoning but then he cared the hose to the back of the property so that no part of the hose was left in the pool. Yet it still seemed to be working. I asked him how that could possibly work. He said he didn't know how to explain but it just does. He said you just use the hose to start siphoning and then you pull the hose out. The water was still somehow being pulled out of the pool and through the hose, as if by magnetic force. After some of the water starting siphoning out I realized that I could grab the pool and just pull it out of the ground and pour the water out. When I did that I realized that it wasn't our pool at all. They had just buried a child's pool into the ground. I finished draining the pool and then took it around to Darren to show him what they had done. I saw our neighbor's outside. The female neighbor looked like a very young Connie B. I thought that to myself. I thought is that really Connie B at a very young age or does it just look like Connie B at a very young age. It looked like her husband Glenn B talking to her so I'm not sure what that was about. These people lived on the left side of us just as Connie B and Glenn B did in waking life. The neighbors from the other side came out. That house looked very different than the one in waking life and the people were different. They were talking about the limestone on the outside of their house and how much they loved it. Somehow, when you walk around that side of our house, it seemed that we had to step on some of their limestone. So going back and forth from the front yard to the backyard I was constantly stepping on this. They were just going on and on about how great this limestone was and how much they loved it. I noticed when we were getting ready to drain the pool that there was another house kind of behind these two yet set back. I don't know how that could work. It wasn't the case in waking life. Darren and I were joking about these people loving their limestone so much. Darren said something about the man even eating off of the limestone. I think the neighbor overheard part of it. He said, You don't like limestone? What's the matter with you? I had been taking a nap or laying down. I opened my eyes and looked up. I saw a bunch of flowerpots sitting on a ledge or shelf just outside the window. They were all flowering. I don't remember what colors now. Some of them were tulips. I thought, Oh. My tulips. I can go ahead and plant the tulips Ashley B gave me for Christmas. Those are blooming already. I better hurry up and get mine planted. So I got up and got mine out of the refrigerator to start planting them. I noticed that the other thing that she gave me was Wisteria. I thought, Oh that's cool. I was thinking about going to buy Wisteria and here that's what she gave me. I heard someone coming so for some reason I thought I needed to hide these. I don't know why. I quickly put them back in bags and was about to put them back in the refrigerator. I don't think whoever it was saw what I had so I don't think it was a problem.