I somehow was notified that Matthew was not going to be able to live with me nor see me for a period of probably six months or longer. I found out that BJ was responsible for this. She had learned that Darren was going to have to have heart bypass - 6 bypasses - surgery. She thought my feelings toward him were going to be harmful to him through Matthew. She felt that the surgery and his recovery would go much better if Matthew were living with him and having no contact with me. She convinced Darren's doctor of this and they did something to enforce this decision. I was absolutely livid. I think BJ, Bob F, F and I were at our birth home. I went and found BJ and I was having trouble speaking I was so angry. I kept asking, How could you do this? How could you do such a thing? She went into Mother and Daddy's bedroom. They were very upset. They were upset to see two of their children so torn apart. I decided that BJ would just have to no longer be a part of my life. ever. I just didn't think I could ever forgive her for this. Then I found out she had gone to Bob F and he supported her. Daddy was crying because he was so upset. I think he agreed with me but wanted to stay out of it. He didn't want to take sides. I think the same was true with Mother. I just remember seeing Matthew at a distance with Darren. Darren seemed unsure about the decision. as though he was glad for it yet realized it was not the right thing. You could tell Matthew didn't want it. but also didn't to do anything to endanger his Daddy's life. He looked very, very sad. I finally went to the doctor and begged him for a chance to talk to him privately. He agreed. I told him a little bit about BJ. How long she was married, what happened in their marriage. both to her and to her children. I asked him if he still trusted her judgement. He agreed that he had made the wrong decision and assured me he would get it overturned. He, my family, Darren, and Matthew were there, but I don't know where there was, when I found out that the decision had been overturned. Matthew ran up to me and hugged me for minutes. We were both talking in a high-pitched voice and crying because we were so excited.