I was at the CAS offices, though they looked different than in waking life. There were several offices. I was sharing an office with Bill C. There was a salesperson name Mike [unknown] that was leaving our employment. He decided that it had been too long since he sold anything and decided it was time for him to move on. He was in his office. He had lots of boxes and was putting his personal belongings in them. I was wondering why Bill C had not told me that Mike was leaving. There were two offices or rooms that were full of extra furniture. Some of it was quite nice. Some of it was quite old, like the old green and gray metal desks. I was looking around thinking that now that Mike was leaving we could each have our own office. I wanted my own office, and yet I realized that working in the same office as Bill C was nice because I could ask him questions quite easily. I can ask him things as they come to mind as opposed to creating a list or having a pile of stuff for him. I was debating if that was what I really wanted to do, yet it somehow felt as though I didn't really have a choice. That is what we were really going to do. I was in one of these rooms with all this furniture in it. I was moving things around. I was debating about switching my furniture to something nicer that I saw in one of these rooms. There was something about Haley N and me sharing an office now. Of course, I did NOT want that. I think that's when I had the idea that we had the space now for each member of the staff to have their own office. Yet, still that it was convenient for me to share an office with Bill C. I was also thinking about the fact that we had all this extra furniture there. It was probably stuff that we would never use. It was just taking up space and it was just messy-filling up both rooms the way it was. There was no rhyme or reason to the way that it was in the rooms. It looked as though someone had just arrived it in and sat it anywhere. It was all sitting at different angles and such. I started moving some things around and I was going to try to organize the rooms a little bit. There were all kinds of different pieces, like different types of desks and different types of bookshelves. While I was moving this stuff around I also came upon these things that were shaped like hearts. They were probably about 3 ft x 3 ft. I'm not sure what they were made out of. I don't think they were all made out of the same thing. There were a bunch of them that seemed to be made out of Mylar - silver Mylar. I was trying to gather them up and put them in a nice neat pile. Bill C's wife came in. She was talking about all of this furniture. Then Bill C came in and was helping. He started moving things around. It was very easy for him - as though the furniture weighed ounces rather than pounds. He would pick up two or three pieces at a time and move it. He was stacking it, back to back along the wall-one or two walls.