Uncle A was there. I went and talked to him a couple of times. Towards the end I am with a group of women - maybe from CIIS, my cohort, but Susan J was there. We went to the dining room to have dinner. They are serving a spaghetti dinner. We have a platter of spaghetti and meatballs that we took from the main serving area to our table. I saw some other people were taking time to pray before their meal. We were waiting for some woman to finish taking her spaghetti off the platter. Susan J and I were talking about the fact that we always use the large plastic tongs, like they had here, at home because it makes serving spaghetti so much easier. The woman we were waiting for wasn't using them. When I took my turn I took all that was left. There 8 or 9 fairly large meatballs and quite a bit of spaghetti. As soon as I did it I realized that I shouldn't have done that because it was supposed to be shared by our table. I was very embarrassed but I didn't know what to do to make it right. We were now in another room. We were wearing roller blades. We were playing some form of indoor hockey. Instead of a puck we had a red plastic ball about the size of a grapefruit. It had holes that looked similar to the holes in a bowling ball but they had a bottom in them. They were the size of the holes in a bowling ball. You couldn't put your fingers in them. They were maybe an inch deep. I don't know if we were playing a game. We weren't doing very well. I think there was a man there that came up and told us that we should really be moving back and forth down the floor with the ball. I said that I can't skate that fast and with that being a ball I can't keep up with it to chase it down the floor. The others, I think, kind of agreed. Then I suggested that maybe we just need to keep our team members spread out far enough that no one of us has to keep up with the ball but rather just intercept and pass it on. There were two or three women who were just kind or practicing. They were spread out the way I had just suggested to our team. They made a goal. So my team realized then that it was a good idea and that we could do this.