I was in a car with the President of the United States. It was someone other than George W. Bush. We were being shot at. I was now in my home. The same townhouse where I live in waking life. I was going outside but forgot to turn my alarm off, or I didn't turn it off on purpose before going outside. I stepped outside and heard what the alarm sounds like from the outside when it goes off. I thought, oh, that's what it sounds like from out here. I went back inside and turned it off. The police and Tim U, the maintenance man, showed up wanting to know what was wrong. I tried to reassure them nothing was wrong. I had to show them proof of who I was. A family that I didn't know pulled up in their car and at first they were just sitting out there. I wondered why they were there. The man got out of the car and the woman was sitting in the passenger side of the front seat. I noticed she was sobbing. The man came up to the police and me and tried to tell the police that I had hurt the woman's father. I don't know if she was claiming that I shot and/or killed him? I told them that I didn't. I think Rachel I from SDI was there now. She backed me up in assuring the police that I didn't even know the woman's father. I am inside now but it is now an apartment building. I seem to be an observer rather than participant now also. Two people from the TV show ER lived there. It was John Carter and Abby. There were also two couples who lived in our building that we knew. Both partners of both couples were obese. Them, Abby, and John were going to go use the hot tubs together. The couples, or at least some of those four people, had arrived at the hot tubs as had Abby. Someone came in and hurt Abby and put her head underwater. I knew she wasn't dead but I knew that John needed to show up quickly to save her. One of the couples might have been the couple that had accused me of hurting her father. It seems that maybe they thought Abby supported my innocence so they were taking their anger out, in retaliation, on her.