I was at the CAS office. They were on a boat. The wood slats of the boat had gaps, at least the ones higher than water level had gaps between. The gaps were about what you would see in a fence. So I could see between them. Bill C's office was set behind and above Haley N's and mine. Ours were side by side. I had overslept so I got to work late. My hair was very wet and I wasn't dressed. I just had a towel wrapped around me. I was trying to move around very gingerly so I wouldn't drop my towel and so Bill C wouldn't see anything. Haley N had left. I was reaching into something to try to get the key to my office. I did that. There was something, maybe a bathroom stall, in between my office and Bill C's office. I slipped in there to get dressed. There were actually two of them. I used the one to the right because I was afraid if I used the one to the left Bill C would see me getting dressed. I went into his office. He had Valentine decorations up. I was thinking about the fact that he is very good about seasonal decorations put up on a very timely manner. Then I realized it was Jane C that does that. I heard a radio ad playing. I don't remember what it was for. But when I went to the offices on the boat, I went into Haley N's office for something and she had left her radio playing. The same ad was playing. I was wondering if Bill C had heard that ad. It had something to do with us but I don't know if it was one of our ads or a client that had used our services. I actually think it was someone who had hired me to do a dream lecture, but maybe it also had something to do with CAS. I don't know. When I heard it I thought, oh, they haven't called me in awhile. They haven't hired me in a while. There was something about my relationship with Haley N and it being too late for me to make it better. Bill C was kind of fed up. He asked me to say something into a recorder. He said he was so sick of hearing voices - that he had interviewed so many people. I said, interviewed so many people? I don't understand. Why? He said, Because I have to get ready to fire you. I started begging him not to. He started going over results since I had been there. He was pointing out that I hadn't gotten any results. He said my performance was just okay. I said, Well I don't disagree that I haven't gotten results. I don't think it is due to my lack of effort or ability. I have tried everything that I know to try. I have asked you what to do differently. So, I really don't think it is fair that you would let me go because of that. What I didn't point out to him that his on-going change of direction, inability to focus and stay focused on one goal, or reluctance to make decisions were the primary factors that prevented the company from growing last year. I was getting very upset and beginning to cry. He was getting upset and teary. I was just begging him not to let me go.