I was at a third night of auditions with Rhonda as director. I had not gotten a small part I was after but had come to watch because it was fun. I sat way down front, sort of crouched so she wouldn't see me as I was embarrassed that I had given her such a low energy level audition the first night. The lights came up and she saw me and was delighted. We greeted and laughed. She was annoyed at the men trying out for a part. They weren't getting it right. They were supposed to go be an ambassador that couldn't get anything right, walking into flags, etc., and bouncing off furniture. She'd taken a photo of each one lying down. The noses and lips were important in profile and in blue light. None of them were right. I laughingly said, "Shall I try it? I bet I could do it, although the part would have to be rewritten for a woman." She liked the idea, so I started to go to the stage. My nose was running badly and I couldn't find anything to blow it with. I looked around and asked everyone if they had some toilet paper I could use. Everyone else had colds and were holding bits of it. One finally gave up one corner and we all laughed. I said, "Oh thanks, I see it's a precious commodity." I couldn't remember the lines so I looked around for a script. Then I noticed they were resetting up the stage for another scene, a thanksgiving table setting. Rhonda was directing people to sing "America." I joined in and sang one word wrong because they had changed it and I didn't know. I valiantly tried to keep up, wincing when I got it wrong. The cast was very quick and did just as they are told. She was a tough task master but yet caring and gentle. I asked her somewhat hesitantly if she had changed her mind about seeing me in that part. She looked startled and then remembered. Her mind was on many things. She apologized and said, "Well sorry, we haven't got time," and hoped I'd understand. I wanted the part but did understand and said, "Oh sure, no problem." Then a group of the cast gathered around her on the stage. She was giving directions about the song. She said, "It's so hard to remember but the song is a satire and we must sing 'ving' instead of 'nam'."