I had gone to this place. I don't know how I got there or why I went there. It was packed with people. They were dancing. I realized that it was also, a Laundromat. It was a huge room and it was filled with single people who were there to socialize with other singles while doing their laundry. Once a week they have an event there, well maybe it wasn't all singles. People would go there to socialize and do their laundry at the same time. I felt uncomfortable being there because I didn't know anyone. I found a table and sat down. I glanced over and saw this man sitting there looking at me. He had on a baseball hat. He was a little rough looking. I averted my eyes but saw out of the corner of my eyes that he had gotten up and was coming over to me. He grabbed another empty chair and pulled it up and sat down across from me. He asked if it was okay if he sat and talked with me. We talked very briefly. I felt very uncomfortable. Fortunately, shortly after he sat down the music ended and it was time to go home. As I was getting ready to leave I saw Margie D and Dennis D there. Dennis D had lost alot of weight. I said something to him about it, about how good he looked. He noticed that I had lost weight also. I said, Thanks, but I have a feeling that you have lost alot more than I have. Not that you had more to lose. I realized that sounded bad and I was embarrassed. He said, No, I did lose quite a bit. I don't know if he told me how much he lost. He had to have lost alot, well over 75 pounds. I think they were involved in hosting this event. I was helping them clean up and such. While I was doing that I was picking at the snacks. I think it was Doritos. I picked up some bags that I was going to help them put away. As we were walking out to our cars I realized I still had the bags of snacks in my arms. I felt really bad. I was embarrassed. I didn't know what to do. I just decided to put them in my car and bring them with me when I come back the next time. Now I am at home, on Lakeland Dr. I'm talking to Margie D and Dennis D. I said that it is very unusual that now that we live on the same street like we had planned, we hardly ever see each other. There was a stairwell. I was going down the steps and I realized that I had gone down one or two flights to far. I saw through the door window that it was at street level. But I realized that it was a different street level than our houses are. So I went back up to go out. We're back at this laundromat the next week. There aren't many people there yet. Dennis D Jr. walked up to me. He had on a winter coat. I said, Now isn't that something? He hardly knows me. He has only seen me once or twice before. But he comes up to me as though I'm an old friend. Margie D just smiled and said, Yeah, he's like that. I was helping them get ready. There was a stepladder. We were hanging things. I decided to go ahead and get my laundry started. I put my bed linens in the washer. Then the place started filling up with people. There wasn't any music yet. I wondered when the music would start. I thought it was curious that people weren't bringing their children. I didn't find it odd that Margie D and Dennis D did. As the place started filling up with people, some women had put their things on top of the washer I was using. I had forgotten about them until I saw that. I decided that I should go check on my laundry. I told them that I needed to switch my laundry. They were helping me to take the bed linens out but they were really wet, as though they had not even spun-dry. I didn't think alot about it. I just decided it would take them longer in the dryer. But before I put them in the dryer I was putting the next load in the washer. It was a load of dress clothes. After I closed the washer I realized that I had put the sheets back in there also. I had leaned over to start the washer and realized that the sheets hadn't washed at all. The washer had stopped after it filled with water. I didn't wash them together because I had just dyed the sheets and I didn't want the dye to ruin my dress clothes. I opened the washer back up and was digging the sheets out. Margie D came over and I explained to her what happened. She was helping me dig my sheets back out. The other women gave me a dirty look and I explained to them what happened but I didn't know what. Then they eased the way they looked at me.