Some members of my family were here in the city where I live. We were somewhere downtown at a convention facility, maybe a hotel with large meeting rooms. There was something about refreshments sitting outside the meeting rooms. Later there was a discussion about CIC and I told them that if I had known they had never been there I would have taken them. Later, We were helping someone move. I asked Bob F how it is that it seems that every year we are helping someone in the family move. He said that last year it was me. I didn't say anything but mentally I was questioning that because I didn't think I had moved last year. There didn't seem to be a lot of things that we were moving and I don't know who it was that we were helping to move. Someone brought in a small red duffel bag. Mother rushed over to it, opened it up and pulled out a red zippered sweatshirt and put it on. I said, Oh, Mother is happy now. She's been waiting to get her sweatshirt back. I was now doing some kind of housework type thing in one of my bathrooms. There were brown spots all over the shower tiles. I realized that I really needed to make time to clean the house good. I think I said that to someone. Brian F brought me a very large greeting card. I opened it up. It said something to my Godmother. As I read it, I realized that it was a Christmas card written for a Mom, but that Brian F had changed it to Godmother and written in phrases of his own in between what was already printed. I didn't say anything about what I noticed. I just smiled and let him know that I appreciated it. He took it back and then came back a minute later. He had formed it into the shape of a Christmas tree and had placed it around a roll of toilet paper to give it stability to sit on a coffee table. I found that he had taped it to the roll of toilet paper when I picked it up to look at it. Now it had been turned inside out, but still in the same shape. However, now it looked like something for Valentine's Day. It had pink and red things all over it. Maybe hearts and cupid and such. I turned it back around the other way and set it back down on the table. Then I was in my car with someone and we went to the car wash at 65th St. and B1 Blvd. I wasn't sure if it would be open. I was concerned that there would be a very long line of cars there because the weather had just warmed up enough for people to get their cars washed. There was a long line but I was feeling patient so decided to just wait. A woman was driving away, towards us. She was in an older red car - kind of a sporty looking car - something that a teenager might have driven in the 50's or 60's. The car seemed to still have a lot of soap on it. She rolled down her window and was complaining because they didn't have anymore hot water. I thought this seemed reasonable given the number of cars that were going through the wash today. She was a bit upset about it. Someone else, outside both of our cars, was involved in the conversation as well but I don't remember who it was or what they were saying. I was still going to get in line and wait. I thought whatever the car wash would be better than nothing at all. Father Eric was telling us about some big ceremony that he was officiating at church and that he had to leave for that event. I decided to go as well. As Father Eric stood at the front of the aisle facing the people I was sitting behind him and to his left. The church was packed with people. Bill C and his wife got out of a pew, came up to stand next to Father Eric and to his right. Then I saw Terry D and his wife, Ann D, get up and stand to Father Eric's left, but then they moved over to his right. I think they stood in front of Bill C and Jane C. There seemed to be 3-4 children who also got up and stood in front of Terry D and Ann D, as well as some other people who got up at that point. I was surprised to see Bill C and Jane C in a Catholic Church. I was thinking to myself that I didn't know they were Catholic. I wasn't so surprised by Terry and Ann D because I had wondered if they were Catholic. Father Eric led a procession around the church. I am now sitting to one side of the church, maybe not, maybe a reception area now. I am facing the front. The areas are not all clearly visible as there are lots of plants and things sitting around that seem to offer privacy to some seating areas. I was sitting there with Bill C and Jane C, Bill C's Dad and some other member's of Bill C's family. At first I think the ceremony involves Bill C but later I think it was celebrating Bill C and Jane C's 25th wedding anniversary. There is an odd shaped table between Bill C and myself. I am too his left. The base is like a rectangular box, about the height of a coffee table. The top, however, is shaped like a roof. It is the same color as my living room tables. Jane C is sitting to the right of Bill C and his family members are facing us. I got up to move and had to move carefully because the top lifted a bit off the table when I tried to move my chair. I moved my chair away from the table first and then I moved to a different seat, where Bill C was at angle behind and to my right. We were now eating something - maybe cake. Someone said something to me about doing or not doing something for Bill C. I said, I would likely do it because I do work for him. They were teasing me mostly, and I felt a bit unsure how to respond. I usually do things for Bill C without question, or without much question unless it is something I am strongly opposed to. I do not think I would do something that I felt was morally wrong, though I can't imagine him asking me to do something like that. This was a minor little thing. It almost seems that I brought him a piece of cake but someone else thought he shouldn't have it and that's what this was about. Bill C was just smiling about the whole thing. I was then walking out with someone behind me. I'm thinking it might have been Father Eric or Bill C. Now we were at a hospital. I saw Doctor C. At first I just said hello, but then walked up to him and opened my arms, keeping my elbows at my side and pointing my arms straight out in front of me to give a not so obvious indication that I wanted a hug, the way I often do with Matthew. He gave me a lukewarm hug, not like he normally would, because I was with someone - Father Eric or Bill C. After we hugged I realized they might have thought it was odd or inappropriate. As we were walking away I explained that I used to work for Doctor C and we had become very close work buddies. There was nothing more to it than that. We still talk occasionally and sometimes I stop to see him at the Sleep Center. It seems that I may have looked into his office and saw him working as I walked away.