I think I must have been living in St. Joe, with Mother and Daddy. I had just spent some time with some of the men from high school. I know Dwight W and Albert S were there. Dwight W was coming on to me and I said something about him coming on to some many different women. He wanted me to believe that his interest was sincere. I knew better. They were getting together the next day for something. They found out that I had a delivery pizza business and ordered six pizzas from me for the next day. The next day I was busy making this pizza. Some of them started out as balls of dough that I shaped and prepared. Others looked like mini-pizzas, of various sizes, that I had to slowly move around the edges to stretch out. They had already been baked but were not brown around the edges. I would get one the right size and put it in the oven for just a few minutes until the edges browned, while I worked on the next one. I kept stacking them one on top of the other and repeating this process. I was concerned that the ones on the bottom might get to brown or become overdone but then decided that was not the case. As soon as they were finished I wanted to hurry to get them delivered while they were still hot. Someone, I think Matthew, was helping me to get everything to my car. One of the things we were taking to the car was a white ice cube holder. We had put something in it. One of the things was a glass of Diet Sprite for me. It didn't have a lid and I wanted to be careful not to spill it. When I got ready to leave I was having some difficulty with the car. It was either not stopping, not steering properly. I put it in reverse to try to fix the problem and the car sped backwards toward the garage. Mother was having a garage sale. She looked up but didn't realize what was going on and that I nearly crashed into the garage/sale. There was a child sitting in a highchair that recognized what had happened and looked at me like boy you were lucky! I put the car in forward and left. It seemed to be driving fine now. I wondered if I would remember the directions to where I was going. I arrived at a dirt lane. I found A's house and told him I had the pizza. He told me someone should have called and told me that they had cancelled the order. I was thinking about the payment and somehow realized or found out that they had prepaid and now wanted their money back because they had called to cancel. I think I may have gone somewhere else because now I was talking to Andy and he said he had paid me cash. I don't remember giving him his money back. I went back home and was looking through my phone order book. I was quite upset to learn that over the last week or so quite a few people had called in orders for pizza, all orders for one pizza, and I had not known about them and consequently not filled the orders. I was thinking about how bad this was for my business reputation. These people would be hesitant to order from me again. I was looking at the names of the people in the house who had taken the orders. I wanted to blame them for not telling me but realized that I only had myself to blame for not checking the order book and checking with other people on a regular basis. However, I also thought that, being a new business, it would have been considerate for them to point out to me that they had taken these orders until the business achieved a more regular rhythm. Otherwise, I would have to check the order book every few minutes to see if I had missed a call - so I could fill it on a timely basis. The people in St. Joe liked that there was now a pizza delivery place but I could lose the business quickly if they decided that I was unreliable.