I was part of a Spanish family. It was important that the women in the family did exactly what the men asked of them. If a woman did not, they could decide to have her killed. I decided that this was no longer an acceptable way to live so I was going to leave. I wanted my husband to come with me but he refused. He did not want me to leave, but felt his first loyalty was to the larger family. The family found out what I was planning so they decided to have me killed. I knew that I would now have to sneak away, so I could escape before they killed me, and so they would not know where I went and be able to come and find me. I had gotten into a white convertible with a female friend of mine. Trying to get in the front seat was difficult as it was not like most cars. There was just a small space for your legs, which had your legs lying straight out in front of you. I had to lift up a small flap of rubber and put my legs in and try to fit them in. I was thinking how I uncomfortable it was. It was somehow related to this, or at this time, that I decided that I should leave the family. I was packing my things in a large piece of furniture on rollers. As I was packing my husband came up and was going to help me get away safely. I asked him to come with me but he said he couldn't. After I was packed we were rolling the furniture to a place that looked like a furniture store. There was more than one store but I recall thinking that one in particular would work well because my furniture would blend in better than in the other store. Having made that decision I asked my husband to come with me, but he said he couldn't. I knew he did not want to be separated from me, yet he could not leave the family. He turned and began to walk away. I called to him several times, begging him not to go. I was saying was pleading with him, please come back. I repeated this several times. At one point he did stop walking, turned around, and looked at me. I could tell he was very sad. But he turned and continued walking away.