Regan K invited me to come to the UM to teach one single class/one single session, on dreams. I was really excited to do this through most of the dream. Regan K was actually Ben D. I went to the UM and taught class. I was very anxious about it going well, about doing well. At the end of the class I was asking someone to tell me when the class was over. Someone from the school had come in, maybe to make some announcements. I told them they had ten more minutes to study and then I would give them a 30-minute test. Then we would have 5 minutes of announcements. When they finished their tests I told them they could leave it on their desks and I would come around and pick them up after everyone left. Some people left their test lying under their coat, or in their coat, or on their coat, or had it sitting with their coat. They had all left and left their coats. I went around and picked up the tests. I was packing up and Ben D came in. I told him that I was a little anxious about how it went, especially being that it was his class. I care what he thinks. He walked me out and held out his arms to give me a hug, and then we kissed each other on the cheek. I walked away and started to my car. I thought, oh, that wasn't Ben D at all. That was Regan K. I was thinking about the fact that he had reached out his arms to hug me and that we kissed each other on the cheek. I thought that was nice. I was disappointed that he morphed into Regan K. I was on my way back to the office I think. This one road was very narrow. It was covered with snow and there was a high bank on either side. The weather was very bad. It was snow and ice. Cars were coming and I could see that there was only room for one car. I pulled over as much as possible and stop to allow the other cars to pass. I saw this other car coming up behind me. I wondered if they would slow down and pull over as well. I was concerned that they would hit me because they seemed to be driving too fast for the road conditions and they didn't seem to be slowing down. At first they stopped and then they started around me, into this other section of the road. Then they saw why I had pulled over so they backed up and pulled off. Twice they did this. Finally they let me go first. I got to a place where there was something like an avalanche. The snow had fallen down in and had just completely blocked the road. Now I wasn't in a car. The snow had completely enveloped me from the waist down. This other car was buried and I was very concerned about them. Part of me said something to insinuate that this is what they get for their bad driving. I was pushing on the one bank in front of me to use it as leverage to pull myself out. Then I got far enough that I could grab a small tree branch. As I was doing this I realized that the woman in the car behind was able to get out of the car part of the way so she was only waist high in the snow. She had her cell phone and was calling for help. In the meantime I was pulling myself out and headed to the office. I went back and Bruce U, the maintenance man, was working. At one place some other maintenance men were working. I had to get down and kind of get down on my stomach and shimmy through this hole in the wall to get into this one part of the building. Then I came to another place that was the same way. Bruce U was working. I didn't want to have to do that again. I asked Bruce U if I could just get in that way. He said yes and moved something so I could just walk in. I think some of my family was there. Daddy was there and Uncle H. I think Larry K and some others. We had talked about something but I don't remember what. I walked away and then I came back. I asked someone how far the UM is from here. Even though I had just driven it I didn't know how far it was. I thought that maybe it was just an hour. Uncle H and someone else seemed to agree that it was four hours. I said, Well, I thought maybe Mother and Daddy could go to this graduation. They couldn't go to the first two. I thought that maybe they could go to one out of three. But I guess not. Then I thought, It just isn't that important anyway. Because I was going to be there teaching for four hours, Ben D enrolled me in some kind of teachers association. After I finished teaching he told me this and I found out also that I was going to get paid. I was very excited about both of these things. He said something about the fact that all teachers belong to this association.