I was walking through a pasture. Many horses were standing up, all looking in the same direction. One by one the horses suddenly laid down and died. They had been poisoned. 1 lone horse, the mama (chief or leader), cried out over and over again. I was appalled. Some one had poisoned them. Then I saw 2 men, one tall and wearing black, one crafty looking, a little older and plump (like bad guys in westerns). I pulled a rifle on them and fiercely told them to walk side by side, no tricks. I was taking them in. They looked mean and confident. They knew that they could scare me because I was a woman. They tried to separate so one could rush me. I threatened to shoot to kill. They got back together. Then one picked up a board. I said, "Put it down or I'll shoot you in the belly." They kept trying it. Finally they made a lunge and I shot. They wouldn't die so I fired again and again (gatlin gun line from play). I pointed out to them that they were dead and they finally keeled over. I then walked into a house and started to go upstairs. A man was talking. He was lovingly looking at different rifles and talking about how neat to have one that felt right in his hands. I was annoyed at him. A rifle is a device to kill with, if necessary, a tool, not something to revere. I looked around at the rifles for women. They were .22's, light, worthless. I was disgusted. I was in an upstairs male dormitory now. Howard was in a single bed. There were book shelves next to his bed, built into the wall. I layed down beside him, being very careful not to touch him and ignore him. He was cold, rigid and ignoring me. I looked at the books across him and accidentally caught his eye (the other men were talking about the recent shooting exploits tinged with respect). I turned my back on Howard and curled up in a fetal ball sleeping position. My "pussy" accidentally touched his bare leg. Then he started crying with me and pleading with me not to go, to please come back. I felt sick in my stomach and got out of bed. He pleaded. He said he tried. "What do you want?" He gave me silence, isn't that what I wanted? I was disgusted. I said, "No! I don't want silence. I want you to really understand me, comprehend me, care about me. Everything is for you. Your work comes first, your needs are first. You never really looked at me." He was pathetic, weeping, clinging and angry at me. I muttered something about, "I'll never listen to you men again." We started yelling at each other. Other men in the dorm got disgusted with us and left. I said, "I wish you would understand and I wish you'd let me have more time with the girls. Do you know what they say to me during the summers? That daddy never listens, he never shows me he loves us. Do you know they don't want to go back to you? Someday, you'll lose them the same as you lost me." I was almost crying, I had hurt him and I didn't want to. I really wanted him to understand and he didn't. He clutched at my hand, his hands were white and pink spotted. I yanked away from him and left.