I had gone back to visit the home of my grandparents. Several of my childhood friends were there. We were in the backyard and we were talking about these sticks that we used to find in the yard and play with. I said something about one of them having a vanilla like substance in it. I was still curious what that substance was and I was still curious to actually squeeze some out and taste it to see if it really tasted like vanilla. A couple people went to the far back section of the yard to collect a couple of these sticks. Now, the sticks were very large wood poles, almost like telephone poles but not as tall. They were standing vertically, leaning against something. The people who had gone to collect some knocked most of them down and emerged from behind them. They were ducking and laughing. They returned to where the rest of us were still sitting in the grass. Now the sticks were small branches as they were when we were children. Someone broke one of the sticks and squeezed something out of it. There was popcorn lying in the grass so they squeezed whatever it was all over the popcorn. It came out like clear syrup - almost like corn syrup. But it turned a light brown, almost caramel color, as it coated the popcorn. We all bravely agreed to taste it. Someone else, older than us, walked up and said something about our curiosity finally having us do this. We mostly just smiled as we tasted the now coated popcorn. He said, see, it tastes like caramel doesn't it? We agreed that it did. I still wanted to find the ones with the vanilla like substance. I found one and began to squeeze the substance out. It was white and creamy. I only squeezed a little bit out, touched it with my finger, and tasted it. It did taste like vanilla. Now we were at a building on the property that housed this huge old clock. The clock could only be seen from the inside though. When I opened the door there were 5 or 6 large wood pieces hanging from the ceiling. The building was only big enough for these. It was not a building you could walk into. Each wood piece was very tall, about 18 inches deep and maybe 6 inches wide. They had been constructed into a box shape with four pieces of wood. The one farthest to my left had a clock face on the left of its two widest surfaces. We were being told about the mystery of this clock. It apparently had something to do with me and if anything were ever to happen to me, something would happen to this clock, or vice versa. Later, I could see that the clock face was gone, but I don't think I was actually present. It seems more like I'm watching a movie at this point. I think I am now a child and I'm in a carriage, of sorts, with some other people and they are rushing me to the clockhouse. They are going to open the wood piece housing the clock and stand me inside. The purpose is either to save the clock or me. It feels that it is both. If I become sick or something happens to me, then something also happens to the clock. By putting me in the clock house I am restored to well being and the beautiful clock face returns as well. Now I am with a man, maybe my husband. We are in a restaurant. He is holding some kind of a trophy while singing and dancing. I was little embarrassed and several of us were kind of laughing about his actions. We were enjoying this aspect of his personality, at the same time we did want him to sit down. We left the restaurant but I don't know where we were going. The man is riding on the outside of a vehicle. Again this is like a scene from a movie. The vehicle he is on is trying to catch up to a larger vehicle and he is going to try to jump from on to the other. There seems to be an urgent purpose in this whole scenario. Just as they catch up to the larger vehicle and he prepares to jump he transforms into a small boy. He seems to be going in slow-motion as he jumps, and just as he reaches for the bar on the outside of the other vehicle, time speeds up again and he grabs the bar and lands where he intended. Now that he has turned into a small boy we realize we must take him to the clock house to turn him back into a man. There was more to this. I was in the house, at least once, with several other adults. I think they were only women. Maybe they were my sisters.