I was at the SVSDC. I was a member of the management team. We were discussing doing a remodel, as we needed more offices. The patient rooms were set up more like a typical hospital wing. They lined both sides of a long hallway. I was working with a gentleman named Andy, but I don't know if he actually worked there, if he was a consultant or maybe he was a new employee. Andy and I were moving artwork from the walls. I was taking it down and setting it on the floor. He was taking some of it and moving it all to one hook on a wall. At first I thought he was simply rearranging it then I realized what he was doing. There were alot of storage cabinets. I was going through them, at some woman's request, to see what we might be able to get rid of. Doctor C came in and I was asking his thoughts on some of the things that I thought we could get rid of. The woman had wanted us to get rid of some things that Doctor C felt we should keep. The cabinets were all hanging on the walls a little higher than my head. I had to reach up to open them and try to reach the things inside to see what was actually there. The cabinets opened from both sides of the wall so you could access the things inside from the patient room or from the other side of the wall. At least some of them weren't very deep, and I recall that at least some of them just had two shelves in them. In one cabinet in particular I found some children's books. They were thick like adult paperbacks, yet they were stories for children. When I saw them I realized that those cabinets must open into the children's rooms. Doctor C was standing there with me. We were kind of laughing about not agreeing with the woman who had instructed me to clean them out. When I was looking to see what else was in the children's cabinet the books began to fall over and I was having trouble getting them to stand. We started laughing again. For some reason I wanted or felt I needed to get into some of the patient rooms. I opened one of the doors to what I thought was an empty room and found that it was now occupied. I saw a nurse and asked her which rooms were empty. She said they were now all occupied. I was surprised and a bit frustrated because this prevented me from doing what I wanted to do. Someone told me that many of the patients were there because they were recovering from gum surgery.