I was at CIIS. The school had misunderstood a planned visit. They thought a student had planned a family event there and the school was welcoming the event. Terri O thought it might be a problem when they realized the event was curriculum related. She wrote someone a note about a hypothetical situation, because she didn't want to point out the misunderstanding until she realized that everything would still work out okay. Now it seems that at least some of CIISC were there already. I asked Mary Kay C and Karyn L where they were headed from there, to Wisconsin or Oregon. some of us, all women, are in swimsuits in a facility that looks like a YMCA. We are outside at a pond. Paige, from the TV show Trading Spaces is there. We are instructed to reach inside alligator's mouths to find food. Paige has her hand deep inside the mouth of an alligator and is saying, look, my alligator doesn't seem to mind at all. She is twisting his jaws and playing around. But no one seems to be finding anything. Then a man, someone trained for this type of thing, comes up and puts his hand even deeper down the mouth of the alligator Paige had. I was remembering something I saw on TV where a contestant had to go into a murky pond and try to dig something she couldn't even see out of the mud. The pond had five crocodiles in it and there was a sharpshooter standing by the edge of the pond prepared to shoot the crocodile if she got in trouble. I wanted to know the difference between alligator's and crocodiles. Someone said you can do things underwater and alligator's won't bother you but crocodiles will. Now we were inside, some of us were sitting waiting on others. We were still in our swimsuits. I had my jeans with me and was thinking about pulling them on while I was waiting. When the others came we headed to the locker room. I couldn't remember which locker was mine. I knew the general vicinity and that it was next to Susan J's but that was all. There was a young girl with us and she began opening lockers a little bit to try to help me find mine. I told her not to do that because we shouldn't be opening other people's lockers. I noticed one wasn't closed properly because their clothes were caught in the door. I pushed the clothes in for them so the door would close properly. When the young girl was opening the lockers she saw a bag of snack chips and wanted some but I told her no because they belonged to someone else. I asked Susan J if she remembered which locker was hers. I knew I would be able to find mine then since I knew mine was right next to hers. She said she didn't remember which one was hers.