I had gone to New York City to try to find Matthew because he had not returned my calls. I had finally found him and he was with Ashley B. He couldn't talk to me or he wouldn't because he was with Ashley B and she didn't want to see me or talk to me because she was embarrassed about what happened. I decided that I at least wanted to take their child with me. They had a baby named Billy. I wanted to take Billy with me. Then there was another man there with me, to help me. Matthew and I were alone talking. I was telling him how very concerned I was about him getting back together with Ashley B and how concerned I was that he had taken off for New York and that after our last conversation he didn't call me back to let me know what was going on or how he was doing. Now someone else was there too. I had left Billy with them - for them to watch him. They were going to do something that was just going to take a couple of seconds so they handed Billy to someone that they thought was with us but it was a total stranger. The stranger took off with Billy. Then I was really upset. This man who was with me was going to help me try to find Billy. I think I told he and Ashley B to stay were they were and Matthew and I would go try to find Billy. I don't know if we ever did. We were back at our home. Matthew and I were talking about him going back to school. I told him that he needed to clean the kitchen, bathrooms, and his bedroom before he left because they were such a mess from he and Ashley B being there. The bathroom was especially a mess. The Koala bear was sitting in the bathroom and it's fur was stuck all over the bathroom floor. I think another stuffed animal was the same way. The floor was just really nasty. I had gone in to use the bathroom and found all that mess. It reminded me that I intended to tell Matthew that he had to do that cleaning before he went back to school. When I was talking to him about that I was also talking to him about getting back together with Ashley B. I was trying to let him know how concerned I was without letting him know just how upsetting it was for me.