I was working in a large office. There were quite a few employees and many rooms or offices. I don't know who all of the employees were. One of the employees was Cameron Mannheim from a TV show about attorneys. I suspect that it is a law office but I don't think it was because of her. There is also a baby at the office. I think the baby belongs to one of the employees. We are watching the baby while the employee is away. I'm the one that gets stuck changing all of the diapers. No one else seems willing. I couple of times I picked the baby up and felt the diaper and realized that he needed to be changed. The baby's name is Brian. My brother Brian F is in one part of this dream. I am pointing to each of them saying, Big Brian, little Brian. I said it a couple of times, as if I am introducing them to each other but I say it more than twice. I leave the baby in the kind of seat that you lay newborns in. I thought I had left him with Cameron - that she was going to watch him for a few minutes. When I went back to Cameron to get him he wasn't there. She said, What do you mean where is he? I just walked away for a minute. I panicked prior to that thinking that I might have walked away without making sure that Cameron was going to watch him for me. When she said that I was reassured that she had agreed to keep an eye on him. We panicked because he wasn't there. We started going to all of these rooms or offices to look for him. Alot of these rooms were two rooms in one. The first room was small, maybe 8 ft by 8 ft. At the back of the room was a door to another room that was an even smaller square. We would go in each, open both doors to check and the moving on to the next. We were going all over. Cameron had gone into one room and a man came out. I think there was a meeting with some attorneys going on in that room. This man had on a white shirt with a tie. He was balding, short, small frame. He said, well, we may have what you're looking for. Then another attorney came out holding little Brian. He said, We just thought you might like a break from watching him. I'm thinking, Well that's great but you don't just take him without telling anyone. He had him bundled up in a blanket and hat and such. I wondered why he had him so bundled up because we were indoors and it wasn't cold.