I'm not sure where I am. I am somewhere with alot of people. I know some of them. There were two very large women there. They were dressed so that alot of their breasts were showing. Some man there found that very attractive. They felt very good about themselves with the size that they were. They were easily 350 pounds. I could never be comfortable with myself at that weight. I can't imagine liking the way I felt or looked at that size. John Carter and Abby were there from the TV show ER. Somebody came by. I think they were shooting at us. I think he hit both of the very large women. They both fell underwater. John and Abby were going to dive down and try to help them and bring them up. When they went down they got stuck on something. When John and Abby went down they got them both out but in doing so Abby got stuck. Her head was in something that looked like a steering wheel. John went back down and was able to get her back out. We are all indoors. I think we work here. There had been one CD playing in a CD changer that held about 12 different CD's. This CD was somehow related to the shooter. Maybe he knew something because of this CD. I started adding other CD's to create confusion. I just added a few at a time. Now I am outside. Somehow because of the CD's I could identify him, or maybe adding the other CD's was making it more difficult for him. At the same time I am making it easier for us to identify him. He came by and I knew it was him. He knew it was me that was putting the CD's in there. It was making him angry. I don't know if it was because it was making something more difficult for him or because it was making it easier for him to be identified. I threw one CD disc at him like a Frisbee. It missed him. I think he threw a couple at me, but those were in jewel cases. I realize he is now after me so he cannot be identified. Everyone there knew that I was the next target. Because of that I could help catch him by making myself even more of a target. We had put these other CD's in the CD changer. I had become very upset, emotionally or mentally, about this whole thing. My doctor had prescribed some medication for me. I took one or two of those. We knew this man was coming back again. Now where we work is a police station. Michael J. Fox is one of the police officers. There was another officer there as well. He was a black man. He did not want to be part of trying to get this man. We were sitting in this officer's house, in his bathroom. Michael J. Fox was talking to him about a bathtub in there. He said, Come on, you know you're so close to retirement. You've been working on fixing up this house. You've got this one last project. You want to get that tub replaced and fixed up. You want something much nicer. This will be the last ticket before you retire. He had convinced this officer, although he was still reluctant, to help us catch the shooter. We were preparing to do something that was going to be very dangerous. We were sure this was going to allow us to catch him. I didn't want any part of it either. I was afraid because I knew I was his primary target now. Michel J. Fox convinced that for that reason I was the key to catching him. He said they really needed me to do that. He was putting the responsibility on me to keep this man from hurting other people. They couldn't catch him without me or something to that effect. My participation would allow them to catch him before he hurt anyone else. I reluctantly agreed but I was thinking, I don't care. I've taken my drugs. I was in a mental fog from the drugs. They gave me two belts to put on. One might have been a gun belt. The other also had something on it but I don't know what. They positioned me lying on the floor inside a doorway to the outside. We were on the roof of the building. I looked outside and there was a young woman walking across the roof. She was a younger woman. She looked like Janice on the TV show Friends. She was wearing animal print clothing on and high heels. She had long, full, wavy, dark hair. We knew that she was his marker. She had been acting as though she was lost or looking for someone. She was actually looking for me so she could tell the shooter where I was. She did see me lying right inside the door. At that point we knew we were set, that he would come up there to shoot at me inside this door. Michael told me to stay put while he went downstairs. He was going to try to shoot the man before he ever got up to the roof.