I was part of an extremely dysfunctional family. There were two daughters. One was about 11-12 and the other 7-8 years of age. They were extremely belligerent to their mother, and disrespectful and don't do anything they are asked, etc. They're dressed absolutely awful. I finally told them that they are going to get cleaned up and changed. I gave the first one an hour in the bathroom and the next one an hour. And I tell them that they will come out looking and the way their mother and I would like them to look. Initially they were very sassy and sarcastic in interpreting what that meant. Once they got started they yelled out into the kitchen a question and their mom started to respond real sassy. I said, No. Stop. Answer them in a different way. So then she was very nice about how she answered. When they came out they looked very nice and respectable. They had done a really good job. A bunch of us were in the kitchen preparing dinner. BJ was there. I think this must have been BJ's house. She had two stoves. They were each on separate yet adjoining walls. So it was hard to use. I was sitting on the floor with the youngest girl. They opened both ovens at once. I grabbed her and held her very still to make sure she wouldn't get burnt by both of those doors opening at once on either side of her. I told her how dangerous that was. They said something about my kitchen. I said, Well, I just have one stove. I do my baking in it. Then they were fixing steak and baked potatoes for dinner. But we were eating everything except the steak first because the steak wasn't done yet and they had just fixed a couple of baked potatoes. They were cutting them up and giving each person just a little bit of each one. That was fine with me because the potatoes were way too big for me to eat a whole one myself. A little bit after that they were still in the kitchen and I was sitting in another room with the husband. The mom and someone else was canning green beans. I called the little girl to come out there with us because I didn't want her to get burnt. Those canning jars and the steam from the canners can get so hot. I was concerned that she would get scalded. We heard a timer go off so we knew that some of the jars were done. The mother brought a couple of them in to show us. It had not worked. The jars had not sealed and the beans and something else that she was canning looked very odd. Everybody was upset because it didn't work. All this produce was going to go to waste. Then we went to a swimming pool. I don't think this was the same family. We saw another family come. They had two male adults that were about 4 feet 11 inches in height. They both had a number of severe mental and physical disabilities. The one, I said, Oh no. That's the one that has that really, loud, obnoxious laugh. I was thinking about leaving. Then as they were getting ready to go in the pool I noticed that the other one, one of them was getting ready to tell him he couldn't get into the pool and he was pointing out that he had on some kind of swimming diaper that was going to make it okay. He had this thing wrapped around his head, including his face. It looked kind of like plastic but when they pulled it off his face was so completely disfigured. It was almost as though you couldn't see eyes, a nose, or a mouth. I was trying very hard not to look. They took the plastic off and then put the plastic back on and conformed it to his face to make it look more as though he had a normal face. They just laid the plastic back on. They asked me to help and I felt very uncomfortable and I didn't want to make him feel uncomfortable because I didn't know what I was doing and such. I said something to that effect. He just took my hand and shook it and said thank you, as if to say that was nice of you too, to just acknowledge that.