I went to the barn to get my horse. I was going to ride him but I think I also wanted to get him for someone else. I was holding the reins and he kept going around in circles, tangling the reins and making it impossible for me to get on him. I finally got him to stop. I untangled the reins and was walking him over to the other person. There was a place that the grassy area ended and a wooded area began. In the woods the ground cover was something besides grass but I can't describe what, except that it was brown. I stepped into the wooded area with the horse and noticed a snake. I decided to quickly get him out of there because I know snakes can frighten horses. As I began to leave the wooded area I saw lots and lots of snakes. Some were by themselves and in other places there were bunches of them together. I'm afraid of snakes so I was feeling very anxious and wanted to get out of there quickly. I stepped over at least one snake to get out of there. I told someone about all of the snakes in the wooded area. For some reason I took the horse into an expensive restaurant. It seems that maybe it was a shortcut to where I was going. I wasn't being very careful. I didn't think I needed to be. So I didn't have a very short hold on the reins. I was kind of letting the horse lead me and move where he wanted to in the restaurant. Someone working in the restaurant got upset with me so I took the horse back out. I was standing inside a building and it began to rain. We were in California. The grass was very brown. Everyone was excited that it was raining because it doesn't rain there very often and we really needed it. The rain was coming down very hard. There were several sculptures in the grass. At least I think they were sculptures. They were made of a very lightweight metal, maybe aluminum. They were various shapes like a ball, a multi-sided star, maybe an octagon. I can't recall how many different ones there were. As the rain came down some of them began to move or blow away. I ran out into the rain and stopped at least one of them at least once. I think I put something into the bottom of one of them to try to keep it in place. The water was beginning to collect on the ground. I don't know if it was collecting on the grass or on the cement. I was thinking about the fact that it was doing that. Maybe I was concerned that it was a problem but I can't recall why it was a problem.