I was at the BE Retreat Center for our last group meeting for the semester. Since it was our last one we were combining our meeting with another group. There was one woman in attendance that I recognized as someone that was supposed to be in our group originally but couldn't for some reason. Initially we were each to introduce ourselves and tell a little bit about ourselves. I said very little when it was my turn because I didn't want to tell these strangers very much about myself. Someone told me I should tell them about my name change. I did so in a humorous manner, saying, Elizabeth H enrolled in the program but Anna F is taking it. I went on to say something to the effect that they should watch out if they ever meet Anna- as though she is the evil alter ego. Some people were just looking at me as though they were totally confused and others laughed. As the discussion continued, it seemed that one or two of the men were primary figures in the other group. I had the impression that throughout the semester they would go into another room to get props whenever they wanted to, to get things to support their discussion. I thought that was a nice benefit they had. I was sitting next to Garnet P. I asked her if she goes to Tuesday morning classes because I was surprised that I had never seen or never noticed her there. She said that herself and another woman never go. They couldn't work it out with their schedule so they have only been attending small group sessions. I left the group and was headed out to the parking lot. I was carrying a box but I don't know what it had it in. It was about the size of a layer cake. As I was approaching the steps leading to the front door I saw Sister Betty going down a lower flight of steps. She said, This way, indicating that was the way to the next meeting we were due at. I told her I was going outside because my car was parked at the front door and I had to move it. I said I would just meet her there. There was quite a bit of snow outside, though it was in the melting stage and alot of it looked very dirty. I pulled my car into an angled parking space but not in the way someone would normally do that. I think I entered from a strange angle. I was debating whether to reposition my car, move, or leave it there. As I was thinking about this another car pulled in next to me. I finally decided to move. I pulled out and was going to try another odd maneuver and thought to myself, Yeah. Right! Like I should really do this with this car. I pulled up the aisle a little bit and was going to back into another space to be able to turn around but ended up just turning around going forward into a large block of empty spaces.