I was working at the CAS office. The office was a little bit different. Not alot but a little bit different than in waking life. It was primarily Bill C and I working there. I don't think there was anything about Haley N. Blair K did come to mind during the dream. Bill C had just come back from a meeting with an accountant maybe. One of the accountants came with him, a woman. It might have been Lydia from SDI. Anyway, he came back and went into his office and closed his door. Lydia was still at the office but I don't know where. I saw two men standing at the front desk so I went out to see how I could help them. It turned out that one of them was Vince P. I went to the counter and as I looked up and asked if I could help them I realized this. I said, Vince P! He looked up and was also surprised to see me. We hugged. I asked him where he has been and what had happened to him. I told him that I had tried to call him and left messages and he didn't return my call. He said he had just been so busy. He didn't say much else. He introduced me to the man that he was with and said they were there to buy some books. I asked him if he wanted just books or sets. I explained that the CD was not the entire book but a companion CD. They decided that they did want sets. I asked how many. They mentioned a couple of quantities and I think they finally decided on 66 sets. I told them that it would take me a few minutes to get them together. They said that was fine, that they would wait. I went in back and started getting the sets together. Lydia came back and was talking to me about the fact that they were going to start making financial cutbacks. What this meant to me was that they weren't going to do the e-articles. I got really upset. I said, I don't understand that because there is no additional cost involved. She started to talk and tried to justify it. I didn't want to hear it. We were silent for a little while. I finally said, Lydia. Really. Help me to understand this because there is no additional cost involved in these. There is no printing, no proofing, no creation cost. I just don't get it. She said, We've just been overspending. I don't know if I just thought this had something to do with Blair K or if she actually said something. I thought, yeah. Here we go again. Bill C has gone way out on a limb. He's made this commitment to Blair K. I didn't think he should do it and I'm the one that is paying for it again. I was really upset by this. So we quit talking about it again. I was trying to get the sets of books ready for Vince P. I was pulling books out of the cabinet. I realized that some of them were used and were in really bad shape. I was aggravated at that point because someone had put these really crummy books in there. Then I realized that they weren't all BCB. That some of them were different types of books. I was trying to sort out the ones other than BCB. I didn't want to give these really bad, tattered ones to Vince P. I wanted to make sure that I only gave him nice, new ones. I was wondering how they were going to carry all of these. I found two boxes that were folded up. Lydia was helping me. She taped the bottoms of the boxes up and then she boxed them for me as I completed each set and then taped the boxes closed. When I actually got ready to take them up front, now instead of in boxes they were in these two large plastic things that were shaped like some kind of bird. The top was kind of like the head of the bird and it twisted on and off. There were two of them. I picked them up by the necks of the birds. She sprayed one and was wiping it off because it looked kind of dusty. I grabbed them by the neck and took them out front to Vince P. When I did that there were 4-5 women standing out there now also. I took care of Vince P. It seemed that at least one of the other women was also a DDSI person. I recognized her and knew her name. I grabbed some forms that were lying at the front desk but then I excused myself and went and got some regular product order forms. I started filling in the form. She gave me her name and I didn't tell her that I already knew who she was or that I remembered her or recognized her. I asked her to wait for one second and I went into Bill C's office. He was in there with 3-4 other people. They were watching TV. I stuck my head inside the door and said, Bill C, can you please come out and help me. There's like 4-5 people out here waiting. He didn't look at me. He lifted his hand and waved it at me as if to wave me away and said, yeah. Yeah. I'll be out in a minute. It was as though he didn't want to face me or talk to me. So I went ahead and went back out. I was talking to this woman. I think her name was Cindy [unknown in waking life]. She told me what she wanted but it was something for her car- like service on her car. There was a TV in the lobby and they were all watching TV. After she told me what she wanted she said, So, I'll just sit here and wait. I said, excuse me. You're in the wrong place. That's not what we do here. We're not an auto service place. We do sales training. She made some comment as though I was wrong. I just said, I'm sorry. That's just not what we do here. We do sales training. At that point I realized that they were all together and they got kind of irritated and left. Then I had some puppies at the office. One of them was real and one wasn't, yet they both were moving around as though they were real. I went to the box to let my puppy out. I said, I bet you're hungry. I bet you both are. I realized, or thought that I hadn't fed them for a day or two and I felt really, really guilty. Really Bad! I thought, well at least it won't be like soiling the carpet or anything because they were in their box and they had been going in there. So I was going to go feed them. They were really cute - all chubby and very, very soft and brown fur. Kind of reminds me of Sir Gallahad's fur.