I was at school, a conference or something. I was in my wheelchair. To get to where I was to sit in a crowded, tiered room was difficult. I sat at a "bar table" and got onto a bar stool. Then I had to go to the bathroom. I got back into my wheelchair and struggled through the crowd. Some men cornered me and sassed me. They took my chair. I limped back to the table. People stared at me and couldn't understand my change. A coast guard man (like one in another state), decided he had to be in love with me, puppy love. He kept trying to kiss me. I kept him at arm's length. It was a struggle. He was persistent. Finally, I agreed to go with him to a dance or something. I went to a room to change my clothes. By that time, I didn't worry about my chair (before, the bar keep was around and wanted to help me get it). We went to the room. I put on 2 underslips, one is like the current style, long slit in front. The other is old fashioned, shorter, full body, skirt was even more old fashioned, shorter (1st slip, 1980, 2nd 1970, skirt 1960, pearls around neck, 1950). It looked funny, so I rearranged outfits so the slips didn't show. The ardent man had friends that at first teased him. They didn't like me. They peeked in and harassed me. Finally they accepted me. I was excited about the dance now. We got in car and drove. We got there. The man was having intense feelings. I was protecting myself and also warming myself on his feelings. I saw Will S. He had 2 babies. He was taking care of them. I came over and touched one. I asked permission to help and hold one. He was aloof. I said, "Oh, you don't like people to touch them. You like a lot of space around you and yours. I think it is too much space." I was aware of my bravery in telling this man I admired that I thought he was personally wrong on this issue. He had a problem, just like real people, even more than mine. Then I went on. Mabel asked me a question about my book which was published recently. She was snide about making money. I really told her off. I said, "You can bet your sweet ass I will make money." She raised her eyebrows in shock. She was up against a wall and I was in righteous anger and really yelling. I said, "Ya, but I also did a good book. It will be helpful, it is good reading, etc."