I was on a college campus. Mother and Daddy were with me. We were going to be staying there for a couple of days. Daddy went up and talked to one of the administrators and was trying to make himself look good. However, when he thought he would suit him well he said that he was there for me and I felt that he used me. Mother and I were talking about that and kind of laughing, how he needs to make himself look important and if he thinks something will make him look like a good person in someone else's eyes then he will use me or someone else to do so. I said that it wasn't a problem, that it didn't bother me. I thought it was funny to watch how people do things like that. There were some male students were acting as hospitality ministers and greeting people, taking care of their luggage and things such as that. At first they couldn't tell us where our room was or where we would be staying. Then they did find out. I went there and find out that they were putting across a campus street in another building on campus. The room was 268. In the first room and I had lain down to take a nap. I had gotten a few things out. I had gotten out a can of a soft drink. I finally received notice that our other room was ready and they were going to be moving us over there. I got all of my things together and some other employees of the campus came in and were going to clean the room. I cleaned it up just enough that they would know that they needed to change the pillowcase because I had used the pillow. Then I heard one of the students talking to daddy about our luggage and saying, You'll know when your luggage is coming up. You'll hear it coming up. You'll hear something like two thumps, something like eleven times you would hear them. You would know then that your luggage was on your floor. Still, someone else would be there to get it and take it to our room. I went to the room and was looking for a soft drink. There was something like a can dispenser under a counter. I couldn't actually see the dispenser, however, until I started to pull it out. I started to pull one out and saw that it was orange juice. We were questioning whether we had packed too much or just the right amount. If it was just the right amount and it was the difference between being supportive and being an enabler. There was also something about some kind of contest which was also related to the luggage.