I believe that I'm at BJ's house. There are 3-4 young men in one room of the house. At least one of them has an electric guitar. They are in there playing music but its kind of like hard rock or some such. Most of it I really don't like at all. BJ and I both go in. BJ says something to them about the fact that they have to play something that everyone can play. She then walks out. I jokingly say, and if you don't change, I'll be back in. As if to say, then you'll have to deal with me. I think Matthew, JC W, and Joshua Grayson, from the TV show American Idol, were three of them. I'm not sure if there was a fourth. I went up to Joshua. We were both standing facing in the same direction. I put my arm around his back, lean over, and say something to him. I don't know what, but I was joking with him. He just smiled a broad smile and laughed a little. I smiled back at him and then walked out. There are four astronauts inside a space capsule. There is a malfunction and two of them die. The other two are really struggling to hold on. One of them is Joshua G. They are floating inside in their spacesuits. They are holding on to the hatch. They are very, very cold. One of them is reaching, trying to get a little bit of air come through the hatch, as though that would warm them. Something happens in the capsule. I think part of it breaks off. They are now close to earth and in fact come in contact with the ground. They start scraping along the ground. They're very excited and shouting, Look. Grass. Grass. Right before that they said, Look we just passed someone's house. They just missed hitting the roof. They finally come out of the capsule. They don't know where they are but they do realize that they are at someone's home. They no longer have their spacesuits on. They are walking across this yard. There's family stuff, toys and such, strewn all over the yard. However, there is something in the yard that looks like large marshmallows and it sticks to their shoes. They have a little bit of trouble walking through that and trying to get whatever it is off of their shoes. They opened the door and knock as they enter. The family is sitting at the dinner table, eating a meal. Most of them seem surprised to see the astronauts. But the dad is a black gentleman that reminds me of Colin Powell. He doesn't seem surprised to see them. They are showing him something. They take the cover off. It almost looks like an Elmo doll with a spacesuit on. What they're taking off is the spacesuit. There is something very significant about that. They want to know what is significant about it. The dad won't answer. He just says something like, you don't need to know that. I'm left with the impression that they were part of some kind of covert government operation and they don't know what the operation was really about, and they weren't supposed to. But this dad, and this family, were part of it and did know what was going on. There is some kind of a TV show going on. One or both of these men are involved in this show. It's the holidays. There are five people on the set at one point. They begin trying to solve a puzzle. I realize that each person that is on the show that day represents one of the Twelve Days of Christmas song. One person on the show is supposed to be trying to figure out what part of that song each of the other people represents.