I was to be in a fashion show for both the church and the apartment community. I was dressed in a black, floor-length gown that was just over one shoulder. It had a slit up the side and kind of along the side of the torso as well. Then it had little rhinestones on the part that goes up the shoulder of the bodice. They were both scheduled for the same night. There was also something else going on that night. I don't remember now what. I made the one for the apartment community and then I rushed to the church and I was too late for that one. Then I went back to the apartment community for some other things. They had some gifts for us. There was some discussion about lease renewal. Part of the dream it was daylight. It seemed that I was at the condo instead of the apartment community. I was working in the yard and there was this big piece of black something that was rolled up and someone was digging up part of the yard and unrolling it and was going to bury it there. That isn't what it was intended to be used for and I thought that was odd that it was how they were using it. I went back to the church and my car wouldn't start. I somehow moved it anyway. It was as though I picked it up and moved it and sat it alongside, by the rectory. There were three cars parked there. I kind of picked mine up and moved it to sit alongside those three, facing the same direction. Now it was dark and I went up to the back door and it was very rustic looking. Like the door and the walls almost blended together. There was no window or anything in the door. I rang the doorbell and there was a little window above the door where I could see if someone was coming or not. So I was kind of watching and it was like 9:00 and I felt bad that I was bothering them so late at night but I didn't know what else to do since my car wouldn't start. I was just going to ask someone if they could give me a jump. And Beth came to the door. She was wearing her pajamas. Of course she said she would be right out to help. I stepped inside the door while she went and got jumper cables and she came back kind of rushing. I apologized again for bothering her so late at night and I told her that I did know how to use the jumper cables. Then there were 3-4 steps coming out of the rectory. As we were coming down the steps I was explaining that I was in the fashion show there and that I was also supposed to be in a fashion show at the apartment community and had just too many things going on that night and I was rushing around and now my car wouldn't stop and I was just very apologetic.