I was in a conference room with Bill C. We were having a meeting and he and I were sitting at the back right table. Someone else was leading the meeting. We had a number of visitors there. It seems that they were all women. The tablecloths didn't hang as well over the tables as they do in waking life and I noticed on the ends of the tables the actual metal part of the table was about 12 inches long, from the top of the table towards the floor. They were really dirty. They had something like hair clippings or cobwebs hanging. It was very disgusting looking. As soon as I noticed it I nudged Bill C and said, look at the end of the table two rows up. He looked at it and he was so disgusted that we were presenting ourselves this way, that we had allowed this happen and we had guests in and this was there. Shortly after I noticed it and pointed it out to Bill C there was a male child in the room as well. He had plugged in a hair dryer and he pointed the hair dryer at that mess and it just kind of blew up into the middle of the room, swirling around almost like a tornado. Everybody saw it. We were just horrified. The mother of the child tried to stop him. The other people in the room were kind of trying to act as though it wasn't a big deal. The child just kept doing it and the mother finally got the child under control. We took a break from the meeting to kind of get things back under control. I don't think we actually did anything. Bill C walked out of the room. I don't know where he went. I stayed for a little while. More people started coming in. It's as though we were now going to start a new meeting. I was in the room, talking to some of the different people. I started to head back towards my seat and someone said, Anna F. Don't I know you from somewhere? Do I know that name from somewhere? I briefly explained to her about my name change. I was going to explain to her about changing my first name but someone else came up and started talking to us, her primarily so I didn't get a chance to explain that to her. Then I decided to go out, I left the room and was going to use the restroom. The restroom door that I found didn't have a door handle. I reached down to the bottom of the door and pulled the door open that way. I went in and it was like a long tiled hallway, almost like a locker room. At first I was hesitant to go in because I knew that since the door didn't have a handle it obviously was not the right way to go in. But I really had to use the bathroom so I went ahead in. It was almost, it almost looked like a maze. I was trying to figure out where the stalls were or what stalls to use. I could tell there were people in there using some of them and someone actually stuck their head above one of them. I was embarrassed to be seen in there because I knew I wasn't supposed to be in there. So then I was trying to find my way out. Someone noticed that and I never did actually use the bathroom. Someone noticed that I was trying to find my way out and showed me the way out. I actually went out the way I came in. When I went out I was in a hotel. I wanted to find the elevator and leave the hotel. I was having trouble finding the elevator. For some reason I felt as though I wasn't supposed to be there or I didn't want to be seen. I didn't want anyone to know that I was trying to leave. Now it almost seemed as though I was in a well. I saw this religious sister. I think she was pushing a hospital bed that had someone in it. I saw her heading for this large size elevator that would accommodate hospital beds. I jumped into this elevator with her. She didn't really seem to question my being there or getting on this elevator with her. There were 1-2 other women on there as well, also religious sisters. They asked what floor. The one pushing the bed said she needed floor 53. Nobody else said anything. No one asked what floor I needed. I was just going to be quiet and hoped that they would all get off and that I could then go down and leave. So we went to floor 53 and two of them got off. I don't remember the hospital bed being there now. One of them was apparently going to floor 50 so she stayed on with me and started chatting with me a little bit. I was afraid that she was going to find out that I was trying to leave. Then there was like this somehow I don't think I said anything and I don't know if she suspected but now it was as though we were in this. It was like somebody that you couldn't see, or wasn't even there. Almost like something you would see in a movie scene or something like magic. Like somebody who wasn't present knew what was going on and knew that I was trying to leave. But this woman who wasn't present but who saw so to speak that I was trying to leave performed some kind of magic and she started transforming my appearance. My nails grew elegantly long and were very nicely manicured and polished. She changed what I was wearing to a very elegant yet it had something like shiny threads running through it. I think my hair became long also. When this started happening the women in the elevator with me realized what was going on and that I had been trying to leave. The person who was changing my appearance was doing this so I would be able to leave unnoticed. I was holding something when my nails began to change. There was also I'm backtracking here. I went through this bathroom thing more than once.