A man was building a house or doing some remodels work. He was adding on to a patio. He had a lot of children, 10-12 maybe. It was a black family. They had a utility van that they used as a family car. All of the children were in the back. There was a wide age span. Some of them were close to Matthew's age. Some of them were very young. About half of them were asleep in the back of this van, kind of laying on each other. Some of them were sitting up against the side, where there was a side door. The mother was telling them not to lean on that door so they wouldn't fall out. They had come to this house. The ones that were awake got out and went to look at the patio or deck or whatever it was that he was building. From the grassy area he had created two levels of something like a decorative border. The border was small slats of something like a maple wood, varnished, that he was lying on top of each other and around. The look resembled that of butcher block. That one went in a little bit and then he did it again. So we went up to the actual level of the floor of the patio. He had poured old cement next to the old. There was one girl, probably around 18 to early 20's. Her name was Nicki T. It was almost as though she was Nicki T that worked for me at SFI. She walked on the new cement. There was something about her being the first one to walk on the new cement. I don't know if someone said that or if I just thought it. Then, some of them were walking off that cement down below. There was this really high pile of dirt that was maybe 12-13 feet high. On that pile of dirt was lots of lumber and things - building materials on this pile of dirt. Some of them were kind of walking along there, kind of on some of the lumber on the side of this pile of dirt. The lumber started to fall. I was concerned about them getting hurt but then another one went across. More lumber fell. Then the next one, something actually fell on him and knocked him over. He got right up and said he was fine. One of the things that had landed on him was a brown square box of something. But he got up right away and went on.