I was at some kind of a show. It was being held outdoors. It was only for women. The performers, I think, were only women. There was something before the show. I think it was at a retail store. Some of us were shopping for clothing. These very tall, circular clothing racks. At the show they had brought out some kind of refreshments. It reminds me of like tomatoes and slices of turkey and ham. We were taking some of each and rolling it together. This show happened more than once. The second time somebody was saying, the entertainers were saying, that they left the food out of the refrigerator too long and she got ill from it. And somebody I was with said they did too. I said, well, the last time we may have left it out too long. But this time we didn't. This is weird because they hadn't brought it out yet but when they did bring it out I was having trouble rolling it this time. I don't remember what I ended up doing with it. There were a lot of black women at this program. After the program I am in the car with at least two other women. I have no idea who they were. We were driving and we stopped, I don't know where, I don't think it was in traffic. But we stopped somewhere for some reason and I had my window down. I saw this young black woman standing outside on the sidewalk. I finally realized it was Nicki T from SFI. I said, Nicki T? She said, Yes! She came over and we were talking. I was happy to see her. I asked her what she was doing now. She told me she was managing our store now. I was so excited for her. I leaned out the window and said, come here and give me a hug. I gave her a big hug and congratulated her and I said, What about your dating life now? She said she's been dating the same man for a year now and he's a really good man and he treated her really well. We just talked a little while. I told the people that we were with that we could go whenever they were ready. Then I told her that I needed to get going that I couldn't keep these women waiting. I said it was really good to see her and that I was very proud of her and I congratulated her again. She was proud and glad that I was proud of her. We pulled away and I was telling the women I was that it is people like that make the work that you do worthwhile. I tried to explain to them that she had been my assistant manager and I really had some difficulties with her. I really worked with her to get her act together. I saw alot of potential in her and had made her my assistant manager and was really working hard to teach her. I said I was really pleased that she had gotten her act together and that she was now the store manager and that she was now in a good healthy relationship.