A bunch of the family was at Bob F's trailer. He and his family lived in this trailer. Bob F, Todd A, Bev, Rachel S and I were all there. I don't know who else. All of these people dressed in black, with black hoods over their faces, came running up outside the trailer. They had guns and surrounded the trailer. Someone said something about a certain song and that a certain song prompted them to come after us. Bob F called a radio station and asked them to play this song. Bob F turned it up very loud so they could hear it outside hoping it would make them leave. They didn't. They just opened fire. I was holding Rachel S. We were all running around, screaming. We didn't know where to go. We were trying to find a place to hide to avoid the gunfire. I felt the gunfire rip down my back. I heard someone yelling for Todd A. It didn't seem that any time had passed and I was walking around trying to find everyone. I kept saying something to Bob F and he wouldn't answer me. I reached up and touched his face and he just brushed it as though he had felt something. I realized then that I had died and that he couldn't see or hear me. I started walking through the trailer and I saw BJ. I said something to BJ and she turned around and said something to me. I said, Oh. You can see me. She said, Of course I can see you. Then I saw Bev. Bev made me realize that she had not made it either. At that point I realized that BJ was getting ready for our funeral. John S had survived but I don't know if he was there. Someone said that he was pretty much living in a daze now. He was being very technical. I realized that I had saved Rachel S. I started screaming and crying, I saved Rachel S. I saved Rachel S. I saved Rachel S. Bob F had survived. Somewhere along here Jennifer F came in. In listening to things I realized it was all her fault. Something she had done caused all these people to come after her and instead they ended up killing some many of us, but not her. Somebody said Bill F hadn't spoken since this happened. I thought that was additionally hard on Mother and Daddy. Apparently they had survived. I know that Bev and I died. But I don't know who else. I think Todd A did. I saw Rachel S and I called her. She was with Bev. Because she is so young she can see us and hear us. I went up to her and I said, Rachel S, come here. She came to me and I hugged her. But then she started coughing. I said something to somebody or somebody said something. She was getting sick and if they didn't hurry she would die. Somebody, some emergency workers, took her and put her on a stretcher. There was some man there that could talk to the dead. He was talking to the emergency workers and to Bev. I don't know if they saved her or not.