I was with two other people. We had these things about the size of a credit card. They were in two pieces. We would put them together with our arms stretched up in the air, and it would lift us up into the air and through an opening in the ceiling. We had to be standing in just the right place. We had to find the right spot on the ceiling. The ceiling in this place was a wood ceiling. I don't know if we were looking for something. Someone said something about us going there to get our share. After it lifted us through we would keep entering these different rooms. In each room we had to find the thing that would let us through into the next place. When I say through I mean we would put these two things together with our arms stretched above us and it would pull us through this place in the wall. Some of them were decorated with Christmas stuff. I always had a more difficult time getting through those. I finally said to someone, about the third time, it was a Christmas thing, and I had trouble getting through. It was almost as though I was trying to break through a clear, rubbery substance. It looked like a regular Christmas display but when I tried to go through it would be very rubbery and difficult to break through. After the third time I said, All three times it was Christmas that I had difficulty getting through. I guess that tells me I still haven't worked through my Christmas issues. I've had a dream like this before, where I was going through these different rooms and breaking through these different scenes in a similar fashion. It seemed that to start this whole journey, or travel, or whatever, we had to take a bunch of pills that were various colors, sizes, and shapes. We were in this drug store or something and I worked there but then someone else that I worked for at another place came in and I couldn't let him see that I worked there. It would have made him mad. So I ducked behind the pharmacy counter and was trying to hide. But the owner that I worked for here was a pharmacist and was working back there. I finally had to say, I'll explain in a minute. As I was ducking down. I ducked down kind of in front of her and was trying to hide because this other person, I think it was a man came looking behind the counter. As he did so the pharmacist opened her pharmacy jacket enough to hide me further from his view so he didn't see me. After he left I said, I'm sorry. I work there too but he can't know that I also work here because it would make him mad. So she handed me a prescription and said, well, here. Just take care of this. I didn't want her to know that I was getting ready to leave to do this other thing - whatever it was. So I took the prescription and walked away.