I was on the TV show The West Wing, but we were actually in the White House. We all believed we were actually the White House staff. It was the holidays and we were sitting in a room that had tables and chairs but it wasn't a meeting room, kitchen, or dining room. We were sitting at tables and chairs and we were all getting ready to leave to go on various trips to various places. Maybe we were headed home for the Holidays. Donna brought out two very large suitcases. CJ was teasing her or something about her suitcases. Donna got very defensive. CJ said, the thing that really gets me is the security tags on the luggage. Donna said something to the effect of these days you can't be too careful or something about the hassle of traveling by air these days. I don't know what these security tags were or what their purpose was. The one suitcase in particular, the largest one, was lying on its side and she had a coat laying on it. The President was coming down a wide, white set of stairs. He was wearing a white suit. He started running down the steps and fell. He ended up sliding down the rest of the steps on the seat of his pants. He was laughing. He bumped his nose so he was holding his nose. When he hit the bottom of the steps he started running. Someone was kind of chasing after him. They were just playing around. Someone had said some kind of nursery rhyme about first one to the buffet. Then they said something to him about running and sliding down the steps that way. He said, I can't help myself. Whenever I hear that rhyme, and he repeated it, I just have to be the first one to the buffet. A bunch of us were sitting together, again at tables but in a different place. CJ and Toby were sitting across from each other. CJ was bemoaning the fact that she wasn't in a relationship. Toby kind of started flirting with her. They went back and forth a bit. Then they stood up and each leaned across the table. They were going to kiss. I don' t know if they actually did. As I was sitting there listening to this and observing I was thinking, Why her? Why not me? Why is it never me?