I was working at the CAS office. We had a special event going on, but I'm not sure where we were holding it. Bill C had hired three more people. One was a woman around my age. She had black hair and was about the same size and height as me. Another was a woman, probably in her early 20's, with shoulder-length black hair, thin and very pretty. The other was a man in his early 20's, somewhat short, thin, with dark hair. The young woman was in front of the group with another woman, speaking to the audience. It wasn't until later that she was working for CAS. I was sitting in the audience with the other woman. Later, the four of us are sitting together in the audience, talking. I was thinking about how great it was that I was getting along so well with these two women. The young man I could tell was going to be a troublemaker. He was sharing Bill C's office space and he felt that gave him a distinct advantage over the rest of us. He kept saying he felt bad for us that Bill C was giving him such special treatment, asking him to do certain things rather than asking the rest of us, just because he was working in that space. I patted him on the knee and said, trust me. I've had my turn being the office lackey. The things he was referring to were the kinds of things an office lackey would do. He made some comment to insinuate that I misunderstood or didn't know what I was talking about. I am looking out a window. There is a clown or some such person out there with some fireworks. He waves to a child standing inside to come out and join him. The child goes out and takes a lit firework item from the clown and throws it into a moving limousine. I was concerned for two reasons. One is that it was dangerous but the other that I thought the limousine was carrying some of our clients coming to our program. It turned out that Santa Claus and some other people were in the limousine. They all jumped out and were running around yelling. Santa's beard was on fire. I seemed more concerned about how setting Santa's beard on fire would affect this child.