I was in this town but I don't know what for. I was trying to drive home. I wasn't sure how to get back. It was kind of like a city. As I was driving through the city streets it was mid to late afternoon. The children were just getting out of school and they were all walking in the lanes of the streets. This was accepted practice. The cars had to just follow slowly behind them. There was one group of children that had a teacher walking with them. On one street there was one child walking alone and I had to just drive slowly behind her. I finally turned into this one place. I was going to stop and ask for directions. As I turned it took me down a spiral, like the spiral ramp at the airport. It spiraled down, and down, and down. I finally got to the bottom. I got out of my car. There wasn't a parking lot. I don't know what happened to the car. I realized that I was at a mall. I saw these two figures. It looked like projections of people, but the outlines of the body were primarily surrounded by something that looked like Christmas lights but the figures were talking to people who were there visiting the mall. I just stood there for a minute. I wasn't sure where to go or what to do. I turned for a minute, I was going to talk to them and then I decided against it, that I didn't want to. I turned away and then one of the figures addressed me. So I finally said, I'm lost. I came in looking for directions to try to help me find my way back home. This one figure moved towards me and as she did she became a regular person. She said she would walk with me and show me how to get home. So, we walked to a couple of different areas and we finally walked to this elevator bay. Somebody came by and had what looked like a red sale tag, about 3 x 6 inches, with white lettering. It said something about CAS and BCB. She brought it along and she was rubbing it against something along the walls of the elevator bay. I said to this woman who was going to show me the way, She has our price tag. The woman I was with said, Oh, you know them? I said, That's the company I work for. She said, Really? Then the elevator opened and she stepped in and it started to close very quickly, before I could get in. So she grabbed the door and opened it and I stepped in but it was only wide enough for you to stand with your back against the wall and the door closed and maybe 3-4 people could have gotten in and stood that way inside the elevator. Anyway, as the elevator closed she said, So you work for Bill C? That tall handsome man? I chuckled and said, Yes. She said, do you spend much time with him? I said, well, yes. She said something about him doing training and I said yes he does alot of training and there was something about him using the whiteboard. I said, He loves to use the whiteboard. He uses it constantly. She said, Oh. So you stand there and watch him use the whiteboard. I thought this was very odd but said yes. She said, He's facing the whiteboard so you have a rear view of him all the time. I suddenly realized what she was getting at. She said, does he really have such a good body? Again I chuckled and just said something like, it's a nice view. I thought it was all kind of silly. The elevator finally started and it was very fast and it just seemed to go down, and down, and down. We finally got out of the elevator and got into another one and we did the same thing. We did this several times. As we were doing this I was starting to wonder if I was in a parallel universe. I don't know why I thought this. The elevators, the whole environment, was very odd looking. When I was in the mall it was like this huge open space and everything was white. I didn't actually see any stores. When we went to the elevator bays, they were like this huge white open space, with big white round pillars. The doors of the elevators reminded me of gold glitter. Instead of just flat doors, I wish I knew how to explain this, kind of like different levels to the door . I don't know how to explain it. We finally got off the elevator and there were two men there. She asked one of them to take me the rest of the way. So she left me with him. I don't know if we got back on the elevators or not. We finally left this building and walked back outside. At one place it looked maybe like there was snow on the ground but it wasn't cold or wet or anything. This one place there were different animals running around. One was maybe a bull. We stayed out of the way but we weren't afraid of him or anything. It's as though I am observing this man with another woman. They were almost buried under this white stuff. I'm having trouble describing what this is. I think he became infatuated with this woman. It seemed that he was someone who could easily cross over between the two worlds, the two universes or whatever it was. And she wasn't. And he was bringing her into this universe, I guess, where I live in waking life. One or two times he picked her up and carried her. Somebody else said something to him about how to treat her if he really wanted to get her to fall for him.