I was at Larry K and Sue K's house. There were some other members of the family there. Larry came in. I asked him how I was doing. He said something like okay or something that I could tell that something wasn't quite right. So I questioned him further. He said that he had just gotten back from he said something about his first wife had taken him. He was going to have to pay his first wife $750,000 and then there was something else but I don't know what. He was obviously pretty distraught by this. I was talking to him about the power of the mind to create a reality. Then we also started rearranging the furniture in his bedroom so it would be more Feng Shui. His bedroom looked more like a hotel room. There was a door leading outside. One of the things we did was turn the bed around so that the foot of the bed was closest to the door leading outside but we also sitting kind of in the middle of the room. I think there was also a baby grand piano in this room. I was trying to remember where the appropriate place was for that, according to good Feng Shui. Then I remembered that I had something at home that I felt would be perfect in this room. So I was going to go get it. I went outside and I had this all wood, kind of like a wood chair. It was straight back. Wood seat. Nothing special to it. This was going to be my transportation. I thought I could get home pretty quickly this way. I'll just decide to go really fast instead of just sitting in the chair the regular way I straddled the back and kind of tipped back on the back two legs and started going. It was just as though I willed it to start moving and it did as though it had a motor and wheels. I went up into the air, thinking that would be quicker because I wouldn't have to follow the roads that way. I was flying through some trees that I normally would have been ducking and trying to get around the branches, but I just went straight through with no problem. Then I wanted to turn to the right and get back on the road at one point but I couldn't do it as fast as I was going so I decided to go to the left and see if I could do it that way and get on the road straight without slowing down. Then the next thing I know I'm on something  that acted like a ferry to take us across water except that it didn't look like that at all. It wasn't nearly that big and there was just something that was just flat and floating on the water that was taking across the water toward the other side or the next road. There were other people on it. There was a man with two young boys and they had a bunch of what looked like camping gear. I was talking to them a little bit and when we got to the other side of this water I was helping them unload. It's as though I totally forgot about Larry at this point. I was helping them to unload and set up and it turns out that it seems that maybe that man's wife, the little boy's mother, had died. They had owned a business there and they had decided, I guess the man decided it was time to go back and try to get the business going again.