There was some kind of a gathering at my house. All my CRHP sisters were there and some dream clients. Rosie F from grade school was there. At least Mark M was there. I said do you really think you can help me with that? As we were standing there Mark was about to have an OBE. I was tugging on his arm saying, No Mark. Don't go. Don't go. The first time he kind of struggled and it was as though he was talking to someone about the experience he was having, telling them that I wouldn't let him go. That I didn't let him go. So he stayed but then the next time he was really fighting me mentally, willfully fighting me. I was pulling on his arm, by his elbow, saying, No Mark. Don't Go! Don't Go! But he went anyway. His body went limp. Myself and someone else sat his body on a sofa and I didn't know what to do. I was so scared and his eyes seemed to be open and he just stayed OB for a long time. After a while had passed I asked if everyone knew what to do or how to bring him back because he wasn't coming back. So finally someone else agreed with me that it might be a good idea to call Father Jerry. I guess he happened to be there because he walked in. He said, Yes. We need to pray. We called everyone into the room and asked them to form a circle, hold hands, and to pray for Mark - that he return to his body. Father Jerry didn't want to hold Mark's hand. Mark was to Father Jerry's right. I was going to go over and hold hand's with Father Jerry and hold Mark's hand. When I went over I ended up standing to Mark's right. I don't remember how that happened. Maybe someone else stepped in between Father Jerry and Mark. We said a prayer but it didn't help. The prayer didn't help. Mark was still OBE. More and more time passed and I was becoming very concerned and frightened. People were starting to leave. I didn't want them to leave and be alone in the house with him and not know what to do. Josie F. was there with someone else I knew - maybe a CRHP sister. I told her I was surprised and delighted to see her. She and the other person had their backs to the coffee table. The coffee table had a bunch of papers on it. It seems they were some kind of invitations I had sent out - to this event and to another event as well. Aunt P was also there. She was getting ready to leave but wanted to take her invitation with her. There were three identical ones lying there but she wanted to make sure she got her own. It seems there were two pieces of paper to each invitation. One was a floral paper in rose tones. The other was a kind of white frosted parchment type paper, like we use at CAS for licensing. She finally picked up the bottom of the three invitations and prepared to leave. We were at my home but it was different than my waking life home. She was going to leave through the back - maybe the kitchen. There were two doors at the corner in the right left of the room. One on each wall. She started to open the door on the back wall and I said, No. It's this door, meaning the one on the left wall. I opened it for her and she left. I am preparing to go outside but I know or see that there are two very large dogs out there so I am afraid to go out. They are blonde colored dogs with different shades of color on various parts of their bodies. I have decided to go try to find Mark's wife and tell her the bad news. I think I have decided that he is not coming back into his body - either willfully or because he can't. I have to somehow go past these dogs to be able to get to her. I finally decide to go ahead and go through - they are in a garage or some such area. Luckily they are sleeping and I manage to slip by them without waking them up. I think I may have woken one of them but it didn't catch me before I got to the other door. The other door seemed to lead into another home. Mark's wife was there and wanted to know who I was and what I was doing there. I introduced myself. I don't remember telling her why I was there but the next thing I knew we decided that if we go back to where Mark's body is sitting and we talk to him about their coming baby that he would somehow hear us and come back into his body. His wife raised her blouse and was rubbing her nipples. I think her and I were kind of singing something about their baby while she was doing this to get him to come back. It seemed that there were blue and purple colors on her nipples and the colors seemed to change as she rubbed them. We slowly saw Mark coming back into his body.