It started out that I went to the YMCA. When I went back to the locker room all the different stalls were changing clothes. I was having trouble finding an empty one. There were three women in there that were getting married that day. They were using the Y to get dressed. One in particular had this big poofy dress that was lying on the floor so it was in this big circle. Right in the center there was a little open space where she would step into it. There wasn't much room to stand so I stood in that space waiting for a place to change. There were a bunch of women standing around waiting. Then someone handed us these little paper things that we could help these brides with while we were standing there waiting. They were little things that were maybe 1.5 x 5 inches. When I write it out it almost looks like the shape of my small cutting board, but it had an adhesive backing and we were pulling these off. One woman put the handle-like part in her mouth and blew on it as though we were supposed to blow them up. But we were standing there tearing the backs off for them. I would peel them off and stick one on each finger and then I would reach over to hand them to someone else. Then she would take them all and just put them in piles on top of each other. I wondered how they were going to be able to get them apart. The woman who was doing it didn't seem to think it was going to be a problem. I stepped out to the outside of this dress. I was going to step back in and I said, let me find my foot hole here. I stepped back in. Someone with one of the brides came out and got the dress and was helping her put it on and actually someone I think was helping the other brides as well. They got dressed. Now they were going to start the ceremony. It turns out that all three of them were getting married in the same ceremony, though none of them knew each other. I was standing at the front of this I was no longer in the locker room. I saw Cole P. I said, Hi Cole P. He put one hand on his stomach, leaned over a little bit and laughed and he said, I'm still Bernie Stout. I thought to myself, What is that about? Was his name really not Cole P? Why would he change his name or go by another name? Then I was afraid to say anything else to him because I didn't know that he had another name and I didn't know if I should say anything about it or just ignore it or what I should do. So then we're standing in this big room, but behind a curtain partition. We could see on the other side of this curtain that people were taking their seats for the wedding. There were some bridesmaids standing at the front. They had on black jackets that had gold lame threads running through the fabric. These bridesmaids had on dresses with a maroon color to it. Sitting in the front row is a woman who is dressed like the bridesmaids but her other color was gold or silver. She was sitting with some other people. I thought that was pretty unusual that one of them would be sitting there with the rest of the people while the rest of the bridesmaids were up front. Then I found out that these weddings were kind of a new way to get married and they had kind of a comical twist to it. It seems that the first bride just walked in. The next one, someone was helping her in. The third one I think maybe someone was carrying her. Maybe the second one was being carried and the third one walked. I don't remember now. Then I realized that this is a business of Cole P's. That he sells these wedding packages to people and it's always two weddings at a time. I have these forms where we were selling CAS books and products. I had gone to this place to drop off these forms so people there could order our books and stuff. There were alot of supplier people there. Apparently they host a breakfast or something for suppliers. They didn't have any breakfast. A number of different people were there. When you came in you had to take off your shoes. There was a place outside to put your shoes. There was a large square platform. Different parts of the platform had things written on it. One part said, Business Professional People or something like that. So one woman came and said, Why don't you put my shoes and put them in the professional section? So I took my shoes off, I realized I hadn't taken them off yet. I went out and put mine there as well, though there were already several pair of shoes there so I was trying not to set mine on top of someone else's. I was trying to find a clear space where I could set mine and I did. After these three weddings were over, somehow it was very odd. Then I was going to take these forms back to Cole P. There was someone that I think worked for him in the car with me. His business was in BR. I went there. I almost have the feeling that I went there and I parked and then I left and then went again, this time was when that employee was with me. I was going to park the same place and she pointed out that wherever I was. When I was getting ready to leave from wherever I was the first time to take these to Cole P's place of business, this woman was with me. We started backing up and I told her where I was going and she said, Oh. You mean the office right next to where you were. I said I didn't even realize that's where it was. So I was just going to pull back into the same parking space. She said, No. It would be better if you parked over here. She directed me to 3/4 way around the block to park. I thought it was quite a little ways to walk. I didn't mind the walk but I wondered why I had to drive so far away when I could have just parked in the same spot, and right next to the door. I just went ahead and did it. I took the forms in and there were these bags that had forms in them. They were on shelves, kind of high up so I was kind of standing on my tiptoes trying to see the right place to put my forms. Cole P came out and we were chatting for a little bit and another person comes in or sticks his head in the door. He says something about the business. Cole P says, Well. We've gone to three now. Meaning that instead of just two weddings at a time they do three. So we're talking and he said, Great! Sign me up. I was surprised at how popular this was. Apparently Cole P was just almost booked solid with this service he was selling. As part of the package he provided all of the wedding details too. But still I was surprised and so as we continued to chat he said something to somebody about the double edge, referring to two weddings at once. Then after he told this other man that he went to three, and that man left, I said, So now it's the triple edge. There was also something about us deciding to offer some kind of wedding gift. It seemed more as though our gift was going to be something to do rather than a typical wedding gift. I was spending I was also going to have to redo the forms to include something about this wedding gift that they were going to receive.