I was on a business trip with Bill C. We were in a hotel room. Actually I was there and Bill C came in. The room had two double beds. I was going to sleep in one and he was going to sleep in the other. It was in my head that this was just the way we always did it. We were talking about related to business as he was getting ready for bed. After he was ready for bed he came to my bed and started to climb in. I was lying where he was trying to get in. He said, What do you mean what am I doing? You know what I'm doing. I didn't. I went ahead and moved over and he got into bed with me. He kissed me. I was thinking that he wasn't a bad kisser and then I thought he could move a little more but still not bad. At some point Bill C became Daniel R. Now I was on a bus and Daniel R got on the bus and at first, even though there was an empty seat next to me, he took a seat a couple rows back. This was a very short bus. Not a typical bus. Maybe only 5 or 6 rows of seats. There were 3 seats on one side of the aisle and maybe 2-3 on the other side of the aisle. I got up and went back and sat next to him. I put my hand through his arm, at his elbow. We were talking and he was kind of upset about something, not upset at me. He got up and moved into another seat then. I thought I would just let him go. This bus had alot of black people on it. In fact, I think Daniel R and I were the only white people on the bus. I turned around a couple of times. I finally asked one of them if the white man was asleep. They said yes. We pulled up. I guess he woke up and got up and came and sat next to me again. We pulled up to this place where we were getting off. We got off and we were walking together and again I had my hand in his elbow, holding on at his elbow. It continues to be something about finding the document or something on the computer. I don't know what computer we're using since we are on the road traveling. Something continues about or related to him kissing me and related to the fact that my shoulder was bothering me.