I was traveling with my brother and one sister [not my brother and sister in waking life]. We stopped and checked into a hotel. I think we checked into two or three separate rooms. We were going there to visit another sister who was having some kind of a party. We checked into our hotel rooms and then we went to see this other sister. It was apparently going to be kind of a wild party and they were smoking marijuana. I hung around for a little bit and then I went outside. I was really struggling with the fact that they were smoking marijuana. I finally decided that I had to be true to myself and I just couldn't stay since they were doing that. I went and told her and she got upset and she thought I was being a snob. I said, You know, it's up to you what you do. But I have to be true to myself and I can't stay here when things like that are going on. I just can't. I just can't be a part of that. My one sister, it seems that it was Betty B, was disappointed because she really wanted to party. She just decided to stay. I went and told my brother that I was leaving and he said, Good. He also didn't want to stay for the same reason. We went to our hotel rooms and got our stuff together. We went to the front desk and there were alot of people needing assistance at the front desk for various things - mostly checking in. There were two or three different service window areas. They had accordion fold shutters across these windows. They had only one of the windows open and there was no one there. So I walked around and looked in a door that was partially open. I saw a grey-haired gentleman sitting at a desk working. I asked if we could get some help out here at the window. I went back down and other people were starting to line up at the window then. I pushed ahead since I was there first and since I was the one to actually go get help. I thought I deserved to be first in line. Someone else tried to push ahead of me. Then a man and a woman came up to start helping people and the others in line stepped back and told them to take care of me first since I was there first. I handed her my room key and told her that we were checking out. She took my key and walked away. When she came back she was holding up this long piece of paper. She said, You're going to have a good reason since it is before 6 p.m. I told her that the transmission on my car died or something, I wasn't sure what was wrong with it that I just knew it had major problems and I had to go get it fixed. She went ahead and checked me out. I told her that my brother is in another room and he is leaving with me for the same reason, so you know when he comes to check out. There were two men sitting at a table in the lobby. The table was a rectangle shape. One was sitting on a side and the other was sitting on an end. I think that maybe they had a child or two with them. One gentleman was tall and thin and had dark hair. He had kind of a country look, wearing blue jeans and a hat. He said something but I don't know if he was talking to the children or to me. I don't even remember what he said. I went to the room to finish getting my things together. My brother, David [not in waking life], came in and we were getting the stuff together. We had unmade the bed. We were debating whether we should just make the bed up again. A woman came in and said, This is a mess. We're going to have to charge you something. I said, but we've only been here a little while. How about if we make the bed? David and I started making the bed. He was kind of playing around, making it more difficult. I told him to just slow down and take it easy so we could get it put back together. As we were making the bed there were a bunch of pillows. Not all of them were regular bed pillows. I had taken my body pillow with me so I took that off and put it on the floor. There was a royal blue backpack. It was there with the pillows but it looked like a backpack. There was also a pillow that had a pink seersucker fabric, kind of like my table topper in waking life. I realized that it was our pillow but I decided to just leave it for them because we needed enough pillows to make it look like it did when we checked in. So I used the royal blue backpack as a pillow as well. We made the bed and I asked if that was okay. I was picking up some trash. We had some trash in one of the wastebaskets, so I made sure that all the trash was just in the one wastebasket. We had used two glasses and I went ahead and just left them sitting there. There was something there that looked kind of like a small pitcher but it didn't have a handle on it. It had water in it. I left that sit there. Now there is a little girl with us. She walks up and says something to this woman. I don't remember all of what she said but part of what she said was, I hope you don't hate us. The woman softened and thought, How can I be mad at them with this little girl and her saying that? We went ahead then and I asked David if he was okay to drive, if he would mind driving. He said, No. Not at all. So we left.