I went on retreat and I was driving a van. I was at the retreat. I think I was with someone else. I had spent the night the night before the retreat. That morning I got up and got ready and took my suitcase with me to the retreat room. It was in another building. The building where we slept was on one side of the parking lot and the building where they held the retreat was on the other so we had to cross the parking lot to get to the area where the retreat was being held. I took my suitcase with me. I put it and my purse in front of the room. At the end of the day, after the retreat was over, I walked out and realized that I didn't have my keys or my purse so I ran back in and grabbed my purse. There were now two purses. I picked them back up and started walking back out. I had said something as I ran back in because I was afraid they were going to lock the door on me. I ran back in and said, I realized that I had forgotten my purse. When I started walking out with two of them they said something to me. I said, I know that's the problem with these small purses. I tried to change them but I was running out of time when I had them half switched and had to leave so I ended up bringing both of them. It's just ridiculous. So I walked out and was putting things in the van. In this white van there were small compartments on the right side. One was just a bit bigger than an average size flashlight. The other was a bit bigger than that, maybe two feet x two feet square. One door on it had to shut before the other. None of them were more than a few inches deep. I don't remember them having handles on them so I don't know how I got them open. I opened the larger one and realized that my suitcase wasn't going to fit in there and that I would have to put it inside the van. I went back to my room. I was going to change my clothes before I headed back. I realized I didn't have my suitcase. I left it in the other building. I had half-changed clothes. I grabbed my keys because I was going to drive across the parking lot because I thought it would be faster, even though it was only a few hundred feet. I was afraid the building would be locked. I was in the lobby of the building where we slept and I heard someone coming down the steps. The steps had dark wood banisters with round carved spindles. It seemed more flat than it did like a staircase. I only saw the flat part that was about one story above me. I didn't actually see the part where he would come down. I waited. I was going to ask them before I went over if they knew what time they lock the doors. It was a man that was at the retreat. He had his luggage with him. I asked him if he knew what time the other building got locked. He said, No. I'm on retreat here like everyone else. He was very rude. I said, Well, I just thought if you had been here on retreat before that you might know. Another man who was on retreat had overheard this. He said, don't let him bother you. I was clearly embarrassed and felt bad. I just said to the other man, I'm very sorry that I bothered you. Then I went outside. It was starting to rain. My van was now a baby bed. One of the wheels was missing. I realized that the wheel was still inside so it would be faster for me to just go over there.