I was at an SAID conference. We were at a large, very nice hotel. It was getting close to time for the Conference Gala. I had been taking pictures throughout the conference. I offered to take pictures of someone in their costume before they arrived at the ball simply because their costume was such that it would only be fully appreciated in a picture. Someone overheard me make this offer so they asked me to also come to their room and take a picture of them in their costume. So I agreed to do this. I went to her room. Her roommate had described the costume to me as having vines all over her. When I got to her room and saw here costume, I saw that the only vine was on the back in a scallop shape hanging from her shoulders. That was it. Otherwise the outfit was a dressy, white, chiffon, pant and top. She was a woman not much older than I was and very attractive, maybe in her mid to late fifties. Her hotel room was very large. I was looking for the best vantage point to take her picture. Then was one place in the room that had a recessed ceiling light. I suggested she stand right under that light. I thought it would give a very nice effect. I had alot of trouble getting her in the right position. She didn't seem to understand my directions or she would decide on her own to move. I was having trouble getting shots that didn't have hotel furniture like the bed in the shot. I took a couple of pictures and then I stepped outside her room. There was a beautiful courtyard. One wall had alot of beautiful dark wood. There was alot of green. The floors were a beautiful green. I don't know if it was flooring or grass. I said, Let's take some out here. This would be beautiful. We went out there. I got very close and got ready to take a shot. I looked away and looked back and saw that she had moved very far away from the camera. I said, Why did you do that? Why did you move far away? She said, Because I told you I want some full body shots. I said, Yes. But as far away as you moved you will be about this big in the picture. I held up my hand and my thumb and forefinger were about an inch apart. I said, I don't think that's what you want. You can't hardly see that you're there. She kind of shrugged her shoulders and nodded her head yes, that she understood. I repositioned her up close. I said, Now, I'm only going to take one or two more because I'm running out of film. So this is going to be it. As I was taking those pictures I saw her soon to be ex-husband and daughter walking up behind her. I quickly snapped two or three pictures. I knew they weren't getting along well with the separation and upcoming divorce. It was her idea not his and he was not happy about it. I thought he would appreciate these pictures with all three of them in the picture. After I finished I caught up with him. They were on their way to the dream ball. We were going through these different areas of the hotel and up these steps. I caught up with him. I said, Mike. Mike. Wait. I was just taking some pictures of your wife and she doesn't realize it but I got some pictures with you and your daughter in them too. We were going up some steps as I said this and I was a couple of steps behind him. He turned half way around and said, If you're not careful you're going to be ticking Mike off too. 