I was working at the CAS office and we hired a secretarial person. She was an older woman. Our office was in a house. It reminded me of my birth home. Her office was in the living room. I didn't spend a lot of time training her that day. I was very busy. That wasn't a good excuse but I just didn't spend a lot of time training her that day. That evening after everyone else left, I called Jeff K to ask him about something. He said it sounded as though we need to meet. I said, Okay. When? He said, Well. If you have the time now I'll just come over now. He came over and we started talking and working. I said something about advertising. I guess he realized that we weren't doing what he thought we were doing and he said, well, this is just useless. So he started packing up his stuff and getting ready to leave. I said, Now wait. Wait. Let's take care of this. He said, Oh. It's just useless. He said, well, we'll have to do something else. Let me go back and work on this. I walked him to the door through the kitchen and out the back door to the breezeway. He put on his jacket and I saw him lean over and move something that looked like a white tarp, as though he were uncovering something. He picked up a bike. I think he was embarrassed or something to have me see that he came over there on a bike. He said, excuse me. He pulled the bike across the front of me, running over my toe. I didn't say anything. I said, How close to here do you live? He said, I don't know that I told you that I moved not very long ago. I said, Yes. But how close do you live? He never did answer me. I was watching him. He was doing something to the bike, like adjusting the seat or maybe it was one of those bikes with hinges that you can fold up and he was unfolding it. I was thinking that this was a very nice and very expensive bike. It was dark outside already. I was concerned that he was going to be riding his bike in the dark. I didn't people in cars would see him. He just got on his bike and started riding away. I said, Jeff K. That's dangerous. They can't see you. You don't have anything reflective on. He just kept riding. I watched him ride down the driveway and turn right onto the rode. His jacket glowed in the dark a little so I could see him a little bit. After he got down the rode just a little ways he turned around and came back. I said, well, it's better than I thought. But it's still dangerous. He stopped further down on the sidewalk. He asked me something about how satisfied we are with his work. I couldn't understand because he was too far away. I said, Jeff K, come up here closer. I can't hear you. He said, No, Anna. Just answer the question. I said, Jeff K, I have a severe hearing loss. I really can't hear you. I heard him say something like, she can hear me . He turned around and rode off again. I got mad. I went inside and kind of slammed the door behind me. As I went in I realized that all of the cabinet doors were now standing open. At first I just started closing them. Then I realized that they weren't open when Jeff K and I left. I got really scared because I realized this meant that someone was in there. I just turned around and darted back out to the breezeway. I was just going to get out of there. As I got out to the breezeway Jeff K had come back again. I was so glad. I said, Jeff K. Someone is in there. I know someone is in there because all the cabinet doors were open when I went back in and they weren't when you and I came out earlier. I think he was going to go in. I didn't want him to because I was afraid for him. I didn't want him to get hurt either. I didn't know who was in there or what they were doing or what they might do to us.