I went to see Tony S and Dorothy S. Their house was in a fairly isolated area. I didn't see any other houses around. There wasn't a lot of grass either. I pulled up next to a very small dry creek bed. There were a couple of other cars there. On the other side of my car there was a wood slat fence. I can't think what you call it now, where the wood planks run horizontal and there are three or four per section of fence. I went inside the house. We were talking a little bit. We were lying down, watching TV and talking. I think twice I said how good it is to see her again. I told myself that I was glad that I paid attention to the messages telling me that I needed to go see her again. That I needed to mend fences, so to speak. As we were lying there I think she asked me about where I'm working now. I told her about the story behind my new business name. One of the drafts of my brochures were laying there so I got up and picked one up and handed it to her. She said something that irritated me and made me think that this is why I hadn't been back to see her in so long. I don't remember now what she said. I think we were supposed to go have lunch together. I was thinking that we should get up and go have lunch. We did get up. I thought we were getting ready to go and then her mother came in. She said to me, well, we need to get back to work now. It was very good seeing you. I thought, What's going on? Miscommunication or something? Her young boys were there, in waking life she has girls. So her and her mom went ahead and left and I was still there with the boys. There was a large plastic container sitting there on a stool. It was full of snacks. I was thinking that she has it there so it is easy for the children to get snacks when they want them and her or Tony S aren't there. I was thinking about the fact that it is always sitting there on that stool. It has been for as many years as I can remember. I was thinking about the fact that that is very comfortable for her and Tony S but I could never do that. I would always want it put away someplace. I opened the container and there were some diet potato chips that were already open. I opened the bag and took a few out and then put the bag back in. I saw Dorothy S was headed back in towards the house so I hurried and put the bag back. I didn't want her to see that I had taken some chips, even though I think she had invited me to have something. I don't know why I didn't want her to know that I did take some chips. I was also holding some books, notepad, or something. I had the chips lying on there and was trying to hide them. I was now outside, headed to my car to go home. When I went outside I was disoriented as far as where I had parked my car. It wasn't where I thought I had parked it. I was trying to figure out where my car was. I saw a creek bed and I knew that I had parked by a creek bed. So I went over there and started walking along it. It went into a very hilly, rocky area. I knew I didn't walk through anything like that when I parked and went in to the house. As I was standing there some people came through the rocky, hilly area. They were just out hiking. I turned around and headed back in the direction that I came from. Dorothy S was there again saying something about I guess she was trying to help me figure out where I was parked.