Lee and the FD. My family owned the FD, the place that I worked when I was in high school. I had just arrived. Everyone else was there already and had started eating dinner. I think Aunt P and Aunt H were there as well. I went back to the kitchen to fix myself something. One of the freezer's was standing partially open, there was too much food in it and the door wouldn't close all the way. Some of the others were eating fried chicken that looked good so I decided to fix that for myself. There were two deep fryers, one above the other. The top one was used only for French Fries and there were French Fries in the basket and some just floating in the fryer. I noticed that because the only time fries should have been in the basket is if they were frying, and there shouldn't have been any floating loose in the fryer. The pieces of chicken were very small so I put two in the bottom fryer - one leg and one other piece. There wasn't very much oil in there so I couldn't completely submerse the chicken. I hoped they would cook completely anyway. I put the rest of the bag of chicken back in the freezer. When I did I realized that the only reason the door wouldn't close all the way earlier is because of the way some one had put this bag in there. It closed fine now. I saw that my chicken was cooking very slowly so I looked at the temperature controls and noticed that they were both turned way down. I tried to turn my up but wasn't being successful. I stuck my head out into the dining room and asked someone if they knew what I was doing wrong. Lee, my boyfriend only, came back to help. He looked like the young actor I've seen on TV on the show Crossing Jordan. The one interested in Jordan. He said he knew how to adjust it. There were two dials that you need to adjust. He took care of it for me, gave me a light kiss on the lips as he put his hand on my arm and then went back into the dining room. I don't know where we are but we have luggage with us. We were going somewhere but I don't know where. I know that my older brother and Lee were both with me. I think we are at an airport. When we arrived there Lee was going to go talk to someone or do something. He wanted to check with me first and make sure I didn't mind and that I would be okay. I said, sure. We kissed a couple of times, briefly. Again, as he put his hands on my arms. He told me I was the best. I was thinking that it was nice to be in a relationship with such complete mutual trust and affection. I was thinking how fortunate I was. Bob F and I were sitting at a table. I had some of my coins lying on the table in front of us. When I picked them up to put them in my wallet I realized that there were these other things there as well that looked kind of like coins, maybe more like mashed bottle caps but they were very shiny and gold and silver just like coins. They each said something on them though, in larger print than you would see on a coin. I started sorting them out from my coins to put them back on the table. Bob F said something about Bill F. I said, Yes. Bill F probably would like these. I was thinking about the fact that while I only pick up and save coins that I find on the street, Bill F picks up and saves anything even remotely looking like a coin - game tokens, etc. So I decided to keep these things and give them to Bill F. Bob F and I had taken our things and we were in a very large elevator, kind of like a freight elevator. There were other people in there as well. I noticed something about these people but now I can't recall what. They were doing something to delay us or something and I was trying not to be irritated or annoyed by it.