The old music group The Monkees wanted to make a comeback. Someone was trying unsuccessfully to help them. I made some suggestions that fell on deaf ears. The band members had mixed emotions about the comeback. Micky Dolenz was the one that wanted it most. Peter Tork and Mike Nesmith were easily able to let it go. I don't remember hearing Davey Jones' feelings about it. Mickey wanted the comeback very badly and was very upset that it wasn't working out. I got a call from an agent or some such person in California. She wanted to come meet with them. Someone had suggested that she meet Mickey in BR near the train station. I called her and asked if she would be staying in town and she said that she would be returning to CA on the same day. I then suggested that they just meet at the airport. It would be easier for everyone and save her time. She said that was a good idea. She gave me her flight information, airline and flight number, and told me to have him meet her at baggage claim. After I finished speaking with her I realized that I did not get her flight number nor did I make arrangements for how they would find each other. Then I realized that she might know what Mickey looks like from past TV programs and albums. I called Mickey and shared the good news. I told him he could get online and look up her flight to see what time it arrives. Since she is leaving the same day I thought it was odd that she would want to meet at baggage claim. I have the sense that she was going to have baggage with her but I don't know why she would. I was at the airport and met her. I was sitting and chatting with her and employees from the airline came up and spoke with her. They obviously knew each other. I summized that she used to work for the airline. We went to sit in a different place in the airport, at a small round table. A gentleman came up to bring us something and he knew this woman also. They were old friends. He was tall, average build, brown hair but balding, and wore glasses. He had on a white shirt. He worked there, maybe at a restaurant at the airport. As we sat there we were watching this large crowd of people, mostly women, yelling and screaming. It turns out they were watching the Monkees perform. I said to this woman, see how much they love them? She nodded her head yes. I don't know if this was happening live or on TV. The woman's male friend came up to the table again and as he began to walk away she said, Oh. I'm sorry. Let me introduce you to my dear friend Mark. [unknown if this is someone I know in waking life.] He turned back around and shook my hand. I noticed he was wearing a wedding ring but had the impression that he was single. I don't know what gave me that impression. I was thinking what a nice man he was. A little later the woman and I were sitting and talking with him. He had something written across his forehead. It was probably five or six lines of text, very clearly readable, and an arrow with a red stem and blue tip. There was also a birthmark that looked a bit like an x. At first I thought the text and arrow were there for medical reasons and I felt sad for him that he had to live with that and how that must get people's attention and cause them to stare and such. It was impossible not to notice if you look at him but I tried not to look at it long enough to read what it said. I finally gave in though and read it. When I read it, it seemed to be there for fun, saying something about beer and I don't know what else. Then I thought it was just odd.