I was driving up to my home and saw one of the maintenance men in a pickup truck close to my house. I did a hairpin U-turn and pulled up along side him, with each of us facing in opposite directions. However, in my dream my driver's side window was right next to his, which couldn't have been true in waking life the way we were positioned. I don't know who the man was; I hadn't seen him or this truck before. I asked him if they were going to be replacing my windows soon. I don't know what he said. I think John D may have walked up at the time. I had agreed to host a cookie baking day at my home for a bunch of my women friends to raise money for local children' charities. The idea actually originated with Alicia J in California. Unfortunately, the day we were to bake cookies the maintenance men decided to install new windows throughout my home. I didn't think it would be a problem because I had been noticing that it wasn't taking them too long to do the replacements in other homes in my community. I didn't have a chance to warn anyone so when my friends started showing up to bake cookies the house was void of most furniture because of the windows. I have no idea where we put it though. In a way this was good because we had lots of room to set up tables for cookies. Matthew had gotten some fold up tables from somewhere for us. The kitchen had two windows and I told them those were especially important to get done quickly so we wouldn't have to worry about dust and dirt in the cookies. Alicia J came to help and brought some one with her. As I was greeting Alicia J and talking to some of the others as they arrived Sue P and Barbara D arrived. They didn't say hello or anything but simply started setting up. They started laying tablecloths on the floor for cookies to cool. I told them we could set up the tables. I sent Matthew to bring the tables in and set them up. I pointed out what large tables they were. I continued talking to Alicia J and there was a man standing there as well who came to help. Alicia J asked him what organization his benefits were going to. He said the Children's Wizard of Oz fund in my city, which I don't think exists in waking life. I was afraid she would ask me and I hadn't arranged to make money off of this so I would have some to donate but I liked the idea of the Wizard of Oz fund. I debated whether or not I should just tell her that I was donating to that group if she asked. I could always make a donation to the group. Julie D came to help and brought her two daughters. I was talking to someone about the windows being replaced and jokingly said something about not knowing what I was going to do with all of my old furniture now. Apparently I was getting grid of some old furniture. Actually it was only my old desk. it was a blonde colored wood with a hutch. I am standing at a table and helping to get set up. I was spreading out bowls and such. I said I would help with mixing. That's what I prefer to do when we have our annual family cookie baking day. One bowl looked like it had a few chocolate chips in it. I then turned around to help get the rest of the room organized. I noticed that Julie D had brought in a children's table and chairs, which I thought was cute and a good idea. There was some food on it - like muffins. I realized that I hadn't had breakfast yet and saw someone had brought muffins for all of us to share that morning. I went and got a cranberry muffin, broke it in half and was eating it while I was walking around. I decided to check with the men and see how they were progressing with the windows, because they didn't seem to be making much progress at all. I went outside and noticed a small fire in the building. They were getting ready to put it out and didn't seem to be concerned at all. this was a very tall city building. The outside was very shiny gold and glass. I noticed a relatively small hole in one of the walls and a fire there as well. Again, they were getting ready to put it out and didn't seem concerned. I hoped my friends didn't find out about it because I thought they would become overly anxious or concerned.