It seems as though I am myself and at another point it seems that I am Carly from some daytime soap opera. Early in the dream Carly had been kidnapped. Her boyfriend, Jack, who is a police officer, found her, but didn't tell anyone right away that he found her. They made love. I don't know why he didn't tell anyone that he found her. Later she, or I, am with a young college boy. Some other woman found out that she/I was kind of seeing this young college man. He was into computers. That's what he was studying. I'm in this room with this other woman. There are empty boxes under this cabinet. One of them is evidence that he is using AOL. The other is evidence of where I/Carly am. This other woman realized that Jack had found me but didn't tell anyone. She also knew that this man wasn't supposed to be using AOL at school so she wanted to expose both of us. I was trying to get her not to. I'm not sure why. I hid the box that would let people know that Jack had found me. I kind of stashed in towards the back of the cabinet behind something else. I did the same thing with the AOL. Now the college man is working on a project with some classmates. I see his laptop sitting. We're in a mall now but he is sitting with all of these six-foot long folding tables. His laptop is sitting on one of these tables at the front of the room right by the door. There is a big red button on the front that says AOL. It's maybe 1 by 2 inches long. It identifies that he uses AOL. I saw it and knew that it had something to do with this woman who wanted to expose him so I turned it off. I hesitated to interrupt him because he was working with his classmates but decided to anyway. I went up to his left side and bent down and tapped him. He leaned back in his chair and I whispered to him what I had just noticed. He wasn't all that concerned about it. I told him that this woman wanted to expose him but he just wasn't that concerned. Now I'm going through a large department store in the mall. I'm on the first floor and I'm walking through a children's clothing department. I go to the escalator. The two escalators, up and down, are divided by steps. It is a really steep staircase so I decided to take the escalators. Instead of steps on the escalator it is flat like a people mover but it goes up. I get on there and I stand to the left. I reached for the rail but there is a woman who is taking the steps at the same time and she grabs the escalator handrail. Since this is so steep I know I am going to need to hold on so I grab the right handrail. I was kind of irritated that this woman who was walking up the steps was in such good shape that she was keeping up with the escalator. I was upset because I didn't think I was in good enough shape to do that. I moved over to the right of the escalator so I could hold on to that handrail. The escalators were much wider than they are in waking life. Still, as it gets to the top I have to exert a lot of energy and strength to hold on and get to the top. I almost have to pull myself off. Then you walk a few feet and there is another incline and handrail and I have to hold on to that handrail as I walk up this other shorter yet steep incline. I have to pull myself along to get up that one. I finally got up there and I'm walking around. I think I'm in the women clothing department now. The college man shows up and is walking with me. We're walking through the various departments and he starts reading something to me that he found. It's a piece of literature or something that someone had written. It has lots of adjectives. It's very sensory. It talks about smells and sights and such. I thought it was very nicely written and I especially liked all the sensory details. He was kind of making fun of it. I asked him if he had ever really paid attention to the sensory experiences in his life, the smells, the sights, the sounds. He kind of laughed. I said I guess that's a difference in our age. I am 20 something years older than you. I started thinking about that or maybe I was talking to someone about it. Isn't it fairly common for very young men to fantasize about being with an older woman and maybe that's all this was for him. Maybe his desire to be with me was maybe just fulfilling some fantasy, wanting to experience lovemaking with an older woman, what an older woman might teach him about romance and intimacy.