I was with Matthew and some other people, though I don't remember who they were. I think we were at PLU. There was some kind of event going on to teach women safety, especially for walking on campus at night alone, even though they didn't recommend that. But if they had to they wanted them to know these techniques to stay safe. That evening I was walking across campus and it was starting to get dark. I was thinking about the techniques. I picked up a round thing and tossed it like a hoop and it landed around this one thing. Somehow that was part of the technique. I then picked it up and later did the same thing. Then I picked it up and went back into this place. It might have been a coed dorm but I'm not sure. There were a bunch of men sitting around, talking and carrying on. This one young girl was getting ready to go out. One of the men yelled at her, Hey. You better be safe out there. I just went off on him. I was so angry. I said, These women are scared enough as it is. They're being taught to do things to stay safe. Then you say something that is frightening. I mean I really went off on him. A couple of the other men that were there kind of supported me and told him he was out of line and that he owed this girl a big apology. He wasn't about to apologize. It seems that maybe there was something that had been happening on campus where some women had been getting hurt that prompted this whole thing. I went back and joined the rest of my group that I was there with. I picked up a hat. At this point I don't think I was myself. I think I was one of the girls living in this, I don't know if it was a dorm. I was living with three other women. I picked up this hat and asked two of the other girls, Do you think this is Jamie's? Jamie was our other roommate. They said they were sure that it was. That concerned me because for some reason I thought that meant that she was in danger of this man who was doing these things. There was an older woman there. Maybe one of the girls mother or aunt. She got a phone call from this man and she put him on speakerphone. The voice sounded kind of creepy. I was listening to things that he was saying and he was saying about something being inspiring. As he said that there were these green vines around some part overhead and they started intertwining as he was speaking and talking about whatever it was that he thought was inspiring. I went to my other two roommates and I said I think that was him. I said, Just by the sound of his voice and the things that he was saying. I'm just so sure that was him. We went to some kind of a snack bar to get something to eat and we moved up through the line. When it was my turn I stepped over to one young girl who was taking orders and she started to help me but then stopped and walked away. She never came back. An adult male who was standing next to her taking orders kept taking person after person after person after me. He said, Well, I need to stay at the register here. He said this to her so she wouldn't come back and try to work at the register also. So I asked him, Could you take me? Because you've taken like 10 people who came up here after me. He kind of shrugged his shoulders and took my order. I ordered a hot dog and a diet sprite. He gave me the hot dog and a can of diet sprite. I started to hand him my money and he took my wallet and asked me if I had some kind of ID or something because I would get a discount if I did. I said no. He mentioned another and another. I said no, no. Matthew said, Well. She does but not for one here at PLU. He said, Well then that won't work. I finally took my wallet back and handed him the amount of money that he needed for my order.