I'm not sure if I'm watching this happen or if I'm there. This family is getting ready to get some landscaping work done in their yard. It's a fairly young couple with at least one child, a boy about 8-12 years old. The man is concerned that the landscaping will prevent him from practicing his putting in their yard. He's sitting across the street. The house sits on a corner where the left side of the house is along one street and the front of the house is, of course, along the other street, The man is sitting across the street from the left side of the house at a neighbor's. I don't know if I drew a diagram or if someone else drew it. The wife saw that he would have a place to put and that there would actually be a hole included in the landscape. Actually, there were two different features and they were called different things but they both basically functioned the same, as the putting hole. I can't remember now what the other one was called. I was standing there with a garden hose, spraying the lawn. As I was doing that you could see in the water spray something about these two putting holes. The wife was saying something about how that would look. Then they also had a swimming pool and I think maybe we were filling the pool or adding water to the pool. I went around to the left side of the house to check on the pool. It was pretty full so the 12-year-old was following me around so I asked him if he wanted to run around front and shut the water off so he did. I think he wanted to help so I was looking for ways for him to help. The man was a firefighter and I think the neighbor was also. He had come back across the street to the front yard. There were old fire engines. They looked like antique fire engines. There were two of them. One was parked in the front yard and one in the left side yard. I don't know if they were actually sitting in the yard. They were yellow. Even though they looked like antiques the firefighters still use them. On the one that was sitting in the left yard I started it up and then shut it off. Then I went around to the front of the house. The man had heard me and the engine was still gurgling. I thought there was a problem with the transmission or something that it was still shutting off. A little bit later it was still going - I could still hear it. I was hoping that the man couldn't but he did. He said something to me about not shutting it off fully. I said I did but then when I went to check I realized that he was right. I hadn't shut it off all the way. I went ahead and shut it off the rest of the way. I was thinking about the fact that I hadn't shut it off completely the first time and how he would tell me that I needed to be more careful. I didn't think it was a matter of being careful. The more I thought about it the more I realized that it was a matter of taking the time to make sure it was done right. I could just hear him saying, Well. We're firefighters. We have to do things in a hurry. But even then we know that we also have to take the time to do it right. I could just hear myself getting this speech from him and I was preparing to defend myself. Then I was trying to think of a form of the word cautious and couldn't think of the form of the word that I wanted. I still can't. There may not be such a word.