Matthew and I were staying at this place. It wasn't a hotel. It was more like a college dorm, but there were families living or staying there. I know at least some of them were single parent families. I don't even know how long we had been there. We had been there long enough that I was involved in a relationship with the actor Dabney Coleman. I was thinking how odd it was that I was in a relationship with him because I don't particularly care for him in waking life. There is something about him that just doesn't feel right to me. We were involved in this relationship. I don't know how serious it was. I don't know if we could even really call it a relationship. We were seeing each other on a regular basis. I was talking this other woman who was sitting there with her children. Her name was Raegen U. We were talking about relationships but I can't remember much about the conversation. For some reason I had gone to her room and the door was partially open. I started to go in and then stepped back because it didn't like anyone was there. I started to walk away and then I thought she was in there with someone. So I went back in just part of the way and realized that she was in there with Dabney. Again I started to walk away but stopped. I decided that I was not going to just let this go. They were being intimate. They were on the floor and had actually rolled partially under the bed. I went in and climbed up on the bed and said, Hey Dabney. How's it going? I had startled them so bad they almost jumped out and sat upright. I kind of saluted him and said, Good to see you. Then I walked out. I thought well that's the end of that and then realized that it made sense. I had this feeling that something like this was going on. I went back to Matthew and asked him if he wanted something for dinner. He said yes he was hungry. I asked him if pizza sounded okay. He said sure. I said, Let me go to the store and get something. He told me what kind he wanted. So I went to get it. I had originally planned to get it for all of us, for Raegen U and her kids and for Dabney and his kids. Obviously that changed my mind so I just got something for me and Matthew. I must have taken it back to Matthew to start fixing it. I had been doing some cleaning. I finished vacuuming our room. Oh. Raegen U and Dabney were in Dabney's room. I took the vacuum to Raegen U's room because I had intended to vacuum her room for her. I decided I wasn't going to do that now. Someone else came in. She was going to give me something for Raegen U's kids and she wanted to explain it to me. I said, Nope. No need. I won't be back. I didn't even look at the person. I just sat the vacuum down and walked out. I said to myself, I knew something was going on. Maybe it was later that I think in the dream I was just imagining having a conversation with either Raegen U or Dabney and them thinking that I was mad. I was imagining saying, No. I'm really not angry. I'm feeling a lot of things but angry isn't one of them. Relieved is one. I'm relieved that I found out when I did. I also feel stupid that this was going on without me knowing about it before now. I'm feeling a little frustrated with myself for not paying attention sooner when I suspected that something was going on. I'm glad that I finally found out.