The CAS office was in this big fancy house. Right next door was a business that used a PA system. When you were in the house it was hard to hear when you were talking to someone if the business used their PA system. Caleb S was in town to do some kind of a dream program. He was going to be staying there at the house and doing a class there. It turned out that there was only a handful of people there for it. I got the sense that I was living there as well. I think maybe it morphs from the CAS office to a home and then at one point to a doctor's office. At one point a couple shows up. They may be in their 40's or 50's. The man has a health concern and he came to get a prescription. The doctor wasn't there. I got out a prescription pad and took down the information, filled out the prescription except for the signature. I told him that as soon as I got the doctor to sign it I would call them and let them know that it was ready to pick up. The woman was saying something about how nice the house was. I said, Yes, except for the business next door with their PA system. While I'm talking to them I also have a little girl with me. It's Bev but in the dream she is only 18-24 months old. I'm carrying her around and I'm worried about how well she will behave. But I'm trying to take care of these other people, the couple and Caleb S and his dream students. When I'm with this couple taking care of their prescription I sit Bev in a chair next to me. It's a wood, hardback chair, with no cushion on the seat. I sat her there next to me and pulled the chair very close to me. I'm thinking about how well behaved she is being, being quiet and such. I reach over and rub her hair. After the couple leaves somebody says something, I think I'm getting ready to take a shower and I'm wondering what I'm going to do with her. I decide that I just need to take her in the bathroom with me. Then I think that maybe I'm just going to need to give her a bath at the same time, though I really don't want to do that. I'm debating if it is okay. Then someone says something about Bev needing to use the potty. I guess we're trying to potty train her. I say something about just giving her a book and she can sit on the potty in the bathroom while I'm taking a shower. Then I go do something else first. When I came back I asked if they gave her a book and they said she was just going to stay out there. Now Bev is her current age in waking life. Maybe the little girl is now Rachel S. I'm not sure. It's confusing.