I was at a hotel. There was some kind of major event going on. It was almost like a street fair and maybe a parade. I'm not sure. There were vendors in the street that were selling all kinds of things, even clothing. There were racks of women lingerie and all of these different women were taking things and trying them on and then coming back out and looking through the racks more while they were still wearing the lingerie. I wondered where they were going to try these things on. There were a lot of people. I was working my way through the crowd. It seems as though it may have been along a beach as well because at one point I was out walking on the beach. I saw some people trying to find some seashells. I thought I should ask someone, someone that I know but I don't remember now who, if I come out early enough if I would find some seashells. I did find two or three, but I think they were actually just clamshells. They were black and the inside looked like a normal clamshell, shiny, pearlized. But they were very dark. I was with a female friend but I don't know who she was. She had her two little boys with her. We had these things to help children not get separated from their parents, but the parents held on to these things. It was a little round thing about the size of a quarter in diameter and maybe a couple of inches long. The bottom side of it the child pushed in and it locked into place so they wouldn't get separated from their parents. But it depended on the child to keep pushing in on this thing. That seems ridiculous. One of the two boys was playing around with it so I crouched down to their level and looked at the two of them and said, Look. Look at my face. I'm not kidding around. Do you see me smiling or laughing? They were still kind of grinning. I said, Look how serious I am. They finally quit smiling. I said, You have GOT to keep these things pushed in. You HAVE to. Do you understand me? It is SO important that you keep these things pushed in. I don't know if they really understood or not. Then this friend and I decided to take them outside. Now they are little girls instead of boys. Now I think we are going trick or treating. But up until this point it wasn't that time of year and it wasn't the time of day that you would go trick or treating. It was a summer day. On our way outside the mom got detoured and had to stop for a minute. When we got outside it was pouring down rain. The girls didn't like that. I wondered where my umbrella was and was thinking that I should have brought it along. One of us could have carried the umbrella while the other hung on to the girls. We started out a little bit anyway. The one little girl was especially frantic about the rain so I finally said, Okay. Let's go back in. I thought we could at least stand under the overhang until the mom came out. The one little girl let go of her thing and took off running. I was yelling at her to come back but with the rain and everything she couldn't hear me. I was yelling frantically and as loud as I could. Either she couldn't hear me or she ignored me because she just kept running. I was panicking because I thought I would never find her in this business and her mother is going to be so angry with me. Fortunately, her mom came out and met the little girl head on. The mom looked at me and just glared at me so upset. I was standing there feeling helpless. I didn't know what I could have done since I was still holding on to the other little girl. I had told them how important it was that they not let go. When the one took off running I was yelling as loud as I could trying to get her to come back. I couldn't take off running because the one I was still holding on to couldn't have run fast enough and I couldn't have run very fast if I had tried to carry her. It was just a very bad situation. I am back inside without the three of them. There was something going on in the one part of this building. I say hotel but I'm not totally sure it was a hotel. In one part of this building there was a company that was getting ready to do a fashion show. There was some kind of problem that was delaying it. For some reason I needed to get to the end of this building. There was some kind of problem that would keep me from getting there the normal way. I decided to try to take a different way to get to the other end of this building. But as I did there was a high school band getting ready for the parade I guess. I realized I shouldn't be cutting through there but I did it anyway. I was trying to work my way through all of these young people in their band uniforms. I would go through one room and there would be another band. I would try to work my way through that room. Every now and then when I entered another room one of the chaperones or teachers would be there. Fortunately there was so much noise and commotion that when they tried to stop me or ask me what I wanted I just kept going and managed to get past them.