Ben D had come to the city where I live to visit me. He had actually driven here. He had either been somewhere else or was headed somewhere else. When he came to see me, one of my spiritual direction clients was here so we didn't get to spend any private time together or any time alone. We were both very disappointed by this. He was also I'm having trouble following the thread of this. He had also had a suitcase and had used one of the bathrooms. Maybe he had taken a shower? Later he needed to leave and now the directee's husband was here as well. The husband was in the bathroom so she was going to go get the rest of Ben D's things out of the bathroom. She asked him, I guess, what he normally does with his things. He said he just wipes them off. I think maybe they had a small child also. Maybe she sent the child into the bathroom to his dad to get Ben D's things. The man came out with the things and Ben D had to go. I saw him in his car. It was an old, grey, rusty, faded, beat up car. For some reason I wasn't surprised by this. Maybe it's what I expected or maybe I was thinking that I had seen it when I was in SC. Then he and I are both on the road but in separate cars. I'm ahead of him. I keep looking in my rearview mirror and checking to see if he is behind me. There are one or two police cars. One of them turns on it's flashing lights. At first I'm concerned that they want to pull me over but then I realize that it's not me they are signaling. Then Ben D is in the far right lane and I am in the far left lane. There was bumper to bumper traffic. A couple of times I get very upset because I have to slam on my breaks and I'm worried that I'm going to hit someone or that Ben D or someone else is going to hit me from behind. But nothing happens. There is also another police car in the far left lane that pulls someone over. Ben D and I are both very disappointed that we didn't get to spend any time alone together. For some reason, while we are driving, I keep thinking that I am going to pull off to my right and that Ben D will pull off behind me. I guess just because that is the only way we will be able to have any private time together.