I was at Bev's house visiting. We were outside walking. There was a little sports car sitting there. I can't think of what it's called. A MG maybe? It was old and the color was grey. I realized when I saw it that they were holding it for me, that it was mine. It ran. You could drive it. But it needed some work to be able to drive it consistently or for very long. I had spent $10,000 on this car. I asked John S if it was saleable as it was, if he thought I could at least get my money back out of it. He thought I could. At that point I didn't want to ask him to try to sell it for me. It was a stick shift and I don't know how to drive a stick shift. I was wondering if I could learn enough to drive it to Daddy's house and ask him to try to sell it for me. I didn't really want to ask him to do it for me either, yet I knew I didn't really know enough about it to be able to sell it and not have someone take advantage of me. While I was at Bev's house I was really wrestling with this in my head, trying to figure out what to do because I wanted it out of there plus I wanted to sell it and have the money instead. In the meantime we were walking around their house, now I think I was walking with someone besides Bev. I was telling this person that I would really like to have a house similar to Bev's where we had a family room and formal living room and an eat-in kitchen as well as a dining room. Where I had a bedroom for each of my children who were still living at home plus one or two guest bedrooms. I saw John kick something with the toe of his shoe and he seemed to be hinting around at something. I told him he could just tell me that I would like him to tell me the truth. I said I would like him to tell me the truth gently but I would like to hear the truth. He told me that there was some stuff in a large plastic container that belonged to me and they had agreed to store it for me. I was digging through it. I think it had a bunch of black stones in it. I dug beneath the stones and found some decorative glass bottles and there were some small plastic containers in there. The large plastic container was hers. I apologized for forgetting that she had those for me. I pulled them all out and was going to take them with me. I could tell Bev and John were both very happy that I was going to take the stuff home. At one point, earlier, it had come out while I wasn't around that John was very frustrated with storing it though he was trying to be nice and not let me know that he was frustrated. So I decided that I would take the glass bottles home and clean them up and keep. There were also some small plastic things that I was thinking about selling at a garage sale or just get rid of. There were also some T-shirts that they had been storing in another place. I think they had things like Coca-Cola logos or pictures or something on them. I decided I was just going to give those to Kim H so I folded them up and gave them to Matthew to give to Kim H for me. I wasn't sure if the large plastic container was mine. There was also a very large blue plastic tray that had many dividers in it. I asked Bev if those belonged to her. She said yes as she took them from me and started to go put them away. I said, Oh. Shoot. She looked around and didn't look very happy, and asked What? I said, Oh no. Nothing. Nothing. She just turned around and went and put them away. I had said that just because the blue tray with dividers would have been very convenient to have for storing little things and keeping them separated. I don't know what I would have put in there or where I would have stored such a thing in my own home. I continued to wrestle with what to do about the car.