I was one of five young college students. Two female and three male. We were working on a scientific experiment. We had taken some pieces of food, maybe broccoli, and we had applied something to them. This caused them to grow at a tremendous rate and grow into something else. There were three of them. They had grown to 4 or 5 feet tall over just a few days and had developed these beautiful flowers. One was kind of a teal color, just exquisite. The other was a purple color. Two of the men had extracted something from these plants and had been working with that substance. They were close to developing a substance that would form or become human bone. They had taken an eyedropper and squeezed some of this substance into a form. This would be an incredible medical breakthrough to be able to replace bones of people with related injuries. One of the men took the eyedropper and was squeezing the substance out onto his the bridge of his nose and down the sides of his noise. I kept telling him not to do that because we don't know enough about it yet. I told him he didn't know what he was doing. I was saying this with a sense of panic or urgency. Fortunately it ended up not harming him in anyway but it really frightened me for him to do that. We weren't ready to tell anyone about it yet, about the plants, the way they grew, or the bone development. We were spending a lot of our own money working on this so we were all going broke. We were trying to still make ends meet while proceeding with the experiment and not telling anyone. Twice we were leaving campus by car and we saw a vehicle enter campus that we knew was a bill collector looking for us. So we would take shortcuts through the grass and such to get out as quickly as possible and without them seeing us. The second time one of the men had a black hardside briefcase. He said he had his life savings or something in there. One of the other men said we were about to get lucky. The man with all the money said yes, he would say so. The other man asked how lucky? The first one said, Pretty lucky. I had developed a problem with my throat so went to a medical facility to get tested. A woman working there had me lean over this piece of equipment. Initially I was supposed to try to sneeze a couple of times, which I kind of fake sneezed. Then I was supposed to start coughing onto this thing and keep doing so. As I did this it became easier and easier and I could tell that it was helping. She smiled and nodded. She told me to stop while she pulled a little blue plastic piece out of the machine and put a new one in. Then she told me to start coughing again. After just two or three coughs the blue piece flipped up into a vertical position. She had stepped behind me. I told her what happened. She said that was odd, that it doesn't usually do that. She pulled it out and put another one. I started coughing again. This time I coughed something up that looked and felt kind of like a baked potato. It was a very large amount. She had been standing in front of me. I asked her if that had ever happened before and she said no. She was kind of cleaning it up but I could tell she didn't want to. Her assistant came in and she told her what happened, intending for the assistant to finish the clean up and dispose of it. The assistant was initially just sitting there on a high stool, very nonchalantly with this attitude kind of like, Isn't that interesting but not really interested. Then she realized that the woman she worked for wanted her to clean it up and dispose of it. It dawned on me that I had inhaled something from our experiment and it was causing this problem with my throat. It was almost as though something were growing in my throat. I had to go tell the others but I couldn't tell this medical professional what I realized because I couldn't tell her about the experiment.