I was at some kind of event. Maybe an SAID event. I don't know though. It was close to a meal time. I was going to wait for Macy F to come back and I was going to sit down and eat with her. Prior to that I had something to Bart H about sharing a meal together. He had already eaten, maybe. Anyway, I realized that there was some kind of miscommunication so he would not be eating with me. I think that's when I decided I was going to wait until Macy F got back and eat with her. I had gotten one of my spiritual direction books. I was sitting at a small table reading. There was another woman sitting there. She tried to start a conversation about the Bible or about spirituality, I'm not sure which. I started to respond but then thought, No, I don't think I want to get into this conversation. There was a little bit of silence. A young man came up and talked a little bit then he walked away. Then this woman said something else that really bothered me. It was about God. She continued to talk about spirituality. What she was saying was really bothering me. She said something about God will get what he deserves. I got really angry and said, What does that mean? She said, well, basically she was saying that the devil will send God to Hell. I said, That's preposterous! How could he possibly do that? She said, With his power. I said, But God is so much more powerful than the devil. She said, No he isn't. I said, Yes. God created the devil. She said, No he didn't. So I started talking a little bit about the Bible and how the devil used to be an angel and God sent this angel to hell. Satan wanted God to worship him, etc. I was getting so very angry. I finally just got up and walked away. I thought, this is why I don't get into these kinds of conversations with people. I think maybe Macy F came back and I told her a little bit about what happened - or someone did. I was so upset. Now Bart H is sitting at a table. I went to sit down to there were a lot of people sitting at this table. There was a row. The tables were set up so they kind of formed a half circle. There were five people sitting along one side of this half circle but there was an empty chair in between each one. The people that were sitting there were sitting there to talk about something. They had these things that were circular and tall, sitting on the table. They kind of remind me of the very large decorative beer steins that I had made for Darren while he and I were married. They had these things sitting on the table. I was supposed to sit between two of them to do my talk or someone was supposed to sit between them. I was now talking to a woman who was in charge of organizing this. I told her this would really not work very well for me with those things sitting there. It makes it very difficult to see. If I'm standing in the wrong position I can't see the person sitting there, I motioned to each of the empty chairs. The woman got a little upset but then told the people to sit there items on the floor. I thought, It doesn't have to be either or. There's a compromise here. I finally said, what if they just sit them on this edge of the table, next to themselves, as opposed to the front edge of the table. I said that would be fine. That would not block anything. That seemed to be okay with her and with those people. I think that's what they were going to end up doing. Then I went back to the table where I thought Macy F and I were going to eat. There were two children sitting there eating. Bart H came up. I asked him if this is where I was supposed to eat. Instead of saying yes or no he said, well, that's fine. I said, But this child is sitting there eating. Is that actually my plate and what I'm supposed to eat or am I supposed to wait for this child to get done and then sit there? I was very confused. I didn't understand. Then he also said something that led me to believe that he was still planning on joining me to eat. Then I was even more confused. For some reason I was still going to wait so I went to get a book. He said something to me and I told him that I was just going to sit and read in the meantime.