I was driving home. Matthew was in the car with me but he was only about 2 years old. I was getting ready to turn left on Meridian St. The sun was setting and was in my eyes. Just as I was getting ready to make the turn there were maybe 8 police officers that walked into this part of the intersection. I could hardly see them because the sun was so low in the sky and blinding me. It appeared that one of them was kind of blocking the traffic and the others were doing something in the street. A couple of them had brooms. A couple of them were doing something else. They had gloves on. As I thought it was okay and clear I went ahead and started making the turn and then realized that there was another one there walking across the intersection and sweeping. So I wait until they got by and then went ahead. I was in the left lane and drove a little ways. There were more police officers. I had to kind of stop for a little bit and wait until there was enough space between them that I could get into the right lane and drive by. As I did that I don't know how this is possible. After I did that we are now out of the car and walking along Meridian where I can overhear them talking and I can see clearly what they are doing. I realized that I had gone past something where there were one or two bodies covered up with a white sheet. I realized that what they were doing was that someone was murdered on Meridian St and there's blood, a lot of blood, in these two lanes. They are walking along covering it up. I guess they don't want people to see it. As I continue to walk home, I realize that I don't have very far yet to get home. I'm still in the right hand lane and I notice a man walking almost right with me, at the same pace, but in the left lane and back just a few paces from me. I'm carrying Matthew because he is so little. This man to my left, is dressed in a brown uniform. I look over at him a couple of times. Each time he is looking at me. I finally say to him, I'm really scared. He said, Of what? I said, Of whatever is going on. He said, Can I take him? Without a thought, I suppose I assumed this man was a police officer, I said yes, please. During this same time I notice that there are other people walking in the left lane going the other way and that they are also some kind of security, police officers or something, but working related to this same incident.