I was working at the CAS office. There seems to be scene changes. It's kind of weird. There was a part about being at a sleep center and going to have a sleep study. They were trying to there was a girl that was fairly new. She was fitting people for apnea machine masks. Jane C came in. I thought she was having a sleep study too. It is almost as though this sleep center is physically connected to the CAS office. I find out after whatever I did that Jane C had a sex change operation. I'm just completely flabbergasted that she would do this - especially because I knew she hadn't told Bill C yet. I just thought that was very, very wrong. I thought he had the right to know before she decided to do this. I went and found Doctor C and asked him if I could speak to him in private immediately. I told him it was urgent. So we went into a room or his office and I closed the door. I told him what happened. I said, Doesn't he have a right to know this? He's her husband. I think he said that she should have told him but that as care providers they could not breech that confidentiality. I have a folder, or someone had a folder with some pictures. They looked like pictures and articles out of magazines. One of the pictures is of Jane C. One of them looks like a picture of her as a child with another child. I don't know who the other child is. One of them looks like her as a man. I'm talking to someone about this, saying how angry I am, that he had a right to know this before she did it. She should have told him before she did it. I cannot be the one to tell him for any number of reasons. I was also very afraid that he would find out that I knew before he did. I said something to the affect that he thought that she was having some kind of surgery to make her vaginal opening smaller. Then there is something where we are it almost looks like we're in maybe we're still in the CAS office. It looks like we're in a two-story home. There are other women there. We all know each other. We all know Bill C and Jane C. Someone gave me this can of stuff. It reminds me of the toy that you buy that sprays out silly string. But every time I spray it, it just kind of makes a mess on the wall, even though I think I've shaken it well. Some man, of the men there, a friend of ours or something, comes along behind me and kind of wipes it off the wall. One place along the stairwell I notice that the wall has potting soil splattered all over it. In the dream I knew how it got there but now I don't remember. I kept thinking that we needed to get it cleaned up soon before our guests arrive. Somebody ended up showing Bill C this folder or telling him about Jane C or he ends up finding the folder and then someone tells him that Jane C had this operation. He just rushes out to be by himself. I go looking for him because I'm concerned about him. I want to see if he wants someone to talk to. Someone, maybe it's Jane C, tells me that I need to just leave him be for awhile. I said I didn't want to do that because I'm concerned about him. I said sometimes it helps to have someone to talk to. I heard someone say that sometimes it doesn't that sometimes you just need to leave them have their time to themselves. Somewhere along here I hear Jane C say that this is something that she has needed to do her entire life. And she doesn't really feel any remorse regarding Bill C because she's just so glad to finally have had this done. Then there is a scene where Bill C is actually confronting her and saying something about their marriage vows not meaning anything, their marriage not meaning anything all these years, etc. One of them walks away, I don't know which one. I go looking for Bill C again. Somewhere along here I admit to an occasional attraction to Bill C when working with him. I said that seems perfectly natural since we have the intellectual connection that we do. That has always been for me the biggest attraction to a man for me - when I have a strong intellectual connection.