I was in California. I think with Ben D. I was there representing a company - for professional reasons. We were on an island. In the middle of the island there was a body of water also. We had taken a boat to get to the other side of the island for a professional meeting or something going on. We were going to meet with I don't know. We got on a bus that was going to drive us someplace else. It seemed to be taking so long. I started thinking that we were going to end up where we started. The road was a very bad road. I was surprised by this. It was very rough and muddy and water standing in the road. Every now and then there was a fork in the road and we would always take the left fork which kept us going around the island. There was a woman sitting close to me. It was almost like we were on a very small bus. Maybe there was only one person to each seat with maybe a little space in-between. I can't figure it out exactly. I looked over at a woman. It looked like she was sleeping but then she opened her eyes. I said, This is really a bad road isn't it? She kind of half-smiled and shook her head yes and rolled her eyes. I didn't say it very loudly. A couple of times the vehicle we were in would slide or skid or fishtail a little bit. I kept praying, asking God to keep us safe while we traveled. Every now and then I would say that. We finally ended up back at our hotel. I said, Well look. We're right back where we started. I was thinking about Ben D's car being on the other side of the island now and how he was going to get his car back. I thought it was silly to ride all the way back there. I think part of me just didn't want to. I thought that maybe the hotel has some rental cars that he can rent and go over there to pick up his car. Of course, then he asked me to go along and while we're over there we can get a room and have a little more privacy. Then we kept driving trying to find where we were supposed to be for this meeting. Now where we are driving is all cement. I was sitting in the right side of this vehicle. On the right side of this street was a cement wall that was maybe 3 feet high. It was a very narrow, very steep spiral. I didn't see how the driver could even see the road in front of him. I was so very scared. I was so scared. I kept praying, rapidly and over and over, God please keep us safe while we travel. I made the sign of the cross. I didn't care if anyone else saw it. I was sitting diagonal to the driver, like in the front seat on the right. I saw the driver hunched over the steering wheel, looking out the windows trying to see where we were supposed to be. This made me even more scared-that he wasn't watching the road in front of him but looking for this place that we were supposed to be. We go into some man's room. I don't know if it's his hotel room. There are papers and things scattered everywhere, on the floor even. Almost as though they were dropped or thrown. One of the men that was with us reached down to pick something up and I said, I wouldn't touch anything if I were you. What if he's been hurt or has hurt himself? I said this thinking that he may have hurt himself because earlier he was talking about his job and how he travels. He sells sports advertising maybe. He has to go all these places and meet with all these people. He has to sit and listen to them talk about themselves and about their careers and what got them to where they are now. He said they just go on and on and on and on. I was thinking that I hope that I don't do that when people ask me about my background - that I keep it very brief and concise. But since he had said that I had the impression that he really was very unhappy in his work. That maybe he went back to this place and committed suicide. Also, while we were in the vehicle traveling, I was thinking about radio advertising and thinking that maybe I should try to get in touch with Bruce S again. Maybe I should try to find out what radio station he is working for. I could see if his station would be interested in the one minute spots that Bill C is talking about doing with someone else. I debated whether or not I wanted to mention it to Bill C.