I was in a place that I had been before in a dream. I don't know if it exists in waking life. I was in my car on a four-lane street. It was very busy. I was in the far left lane. Cars from the street parallel to me kept turning into the lane that I was in. I had to keep getting over to avoid a front-end collision. One car finally ended up getting into a front-end collision because as I pulled over the car that was behind me sped forward and just ended up in the front end collision with the car that had turned into this on-coming traffic. I went ahead and got around them to get out of the way of the scene of the accident. But there was a school bus there that had pulled off to the side and was getting a tire repaired. So I had to get back over to the left then. Then I barely squeezed through between the bus and the car to my left without causing an accident myself. Then there was another, I think maybe it was a semi-trailer truck. I'm not sure what he was doing maybe making a turn. I was just barely able to squeeze by him to the left again without getting into an accident in between the truck and the vehicle to my left. Then there was one more time that I knew if I didn't really step on the gas and hit it I wasn't going to make it that time. I did just barely. Then for some reason I am walking. I am running, taking shortcuts through alleys and things. I end up in this really bad apartment complex. I hear police officers yelling. I think they are trying to arrest a drug dealer. I am very afraid of getting shot. I don't know where to go because I feel that I see young men running out of the apartment and yelling at each other and I feel like I'm surrounded and I don't know where to go. I finally dart to my left and see a subdivision of homes so I run over that way. It's just starting to get dark, like early dusk. I see these families setting up lawn chairs and stuff in the street. At first I wonder what is going on and then I realize that it is the weekend of the radio station's annual fireworks show. They are usually held on the bank of a river and synchronized to music. It's a really wonderful show. I finally decided to stop and ask someone the best way I told them that I'm trying to get home. I told them about getting caught in that apartment complex. One woman suggested she walk with me a little bit. She took me to this amusement park. They have a ride here. If you just get on this ride and stay on it to the end you'll almost be where you want to go. It was kind of like an alligator ride on water. You just grabbed one that had yellow on it. They were floating on the water and they had a pole coming up the middle to hold on to as you stood on it and floated along the river. During the ride people would get off at various points along the way. But the woman had told me to stay on it until the end and the man who was charge of the ride nodded yes to indicate that was fine with him. As soon as one with yellow came by she pulled it close enough that I could step onto it. I thanked her and nodded to him to indicate a thank you. I stayed on it to the end and so did he. Then there were four or five men, kind of young men, who agreed to take me the rest of the way. I don't know if it was in a car or not. I don't know why I would let them or why they went with me the rest of the way. When we got to my house there were a lot of people there. One of the five men was from another country or spoke a foreign language. I think he was just visiting the U.S. I wasn't able to communicate with him very well. He wanted to wash his hands so he was in the bathroom but he kept grabbing the wrong things. He grabbed a bottle of lotion and I said, No. That's lotion. Then I realized that he couldn't understand me. So I physically showed him. I squirted some soap onto my hands and then washed my hands. He then picked up the soap bottle and it just came out on his hands. I said, Here now rub them together. Again, I realized he couldn't understand me so I was showing him by action. Then there were these other two men. One was dark-skinned, maybe just a dark tan. I think he was American. The other was a pretty average looking man. They were saying they didn't want to leave and were very subtly flirting with me. Nothing crude or offensive. They were laying on my bed. I climbed up on my bed. I gave a very light kiss on the cheek to the one with the dark skin. I thanked him for helping me. They both got up and said they really had to go. The dark-skinned man left the room but the other one stayed behind. He was chewing on a straw. I kept pulling it out of his mouth, kind of jokingly but it was annoying to me. The last time I pulled it out of his mouth I gave him a kiss on the lips and thanked him for helping me. There was obviously some attraction there. Because after the first light kiss to just say thank you, then we kissed again and that one was a bit longer. I could tell he was very attracted to me. It was mutual. We both knew he had to go because his friends were waiting for him. We started walking out. We stopped again in a little hallway. This wasn't my waking life home. We stopped in this little hallway and kissed again. He said, I want to make love to you so badly. I just smiled at him. We walked out into the main part of the house. BJ and Bill F are both there. There are others but I don't remember who. Now it isn't my home. BJ was waiting for those men to take me home because they were also going to stop by a drugstore so I could get some corn pads for her. As we were getting ready to leave I asked her how she was going to get them. I asked her if she was going to give me time to get home and then come and meet me there and then come back here or were you hoping that I would come back here. She just looked at me with a half smile and I knew she wanted me to come back and I did not want to come back. For whatever reason I was really tired and I just wanted to go home. Then I said, I know. Bill F you have a vehicle here right? He said he did. So I asked BJ why she didn't just ask him to run him to the drugstore that is very close by and you can get what you need.