I was at a radio or TV station and they were doing some program. I think it was Channel 12. Bob G, the weatherman, and some other man had stepped outside. They were taping with them standing just outside the door. It was winter. He and this other person that was kind of in the shadows was scraping snow off of this van. They were kind of joking around while they were scraping. I don't know exactly how to explain what they were doing. After they stepped back inside it was a DDSI van. Then I found out that it was Joanne N's van and that her and Vince P were there being interviewed, maybe. I was on a platform behind this van and there was stuff sitting around all over the place. I was trying to gently step around this stuff to do whatever it was that I needed to do or to get whatever it was that I needed to get without knocking anything over or breaking anything. I was kind of gently moving these things around. There were two very large bottles maybe three feet tall and dark green glass. They remind me of giant wine bottles. In fact, I think I told someone that they were mine and that is what they were. They were open and at least one of them had something in it. One of them had a wide mouth. The whole bottle was straight up and down as opposed to a typical shape for a bottle. I went and got in a car. I was trying to go home but it was like I couldn't control my car. Now instead of snow it seems that I am driving in sand. It was very white. There was a road but on either side of the road was very deep sand. My car seemed to have a mind of it's own and would speed through this sand. I thought I could at least steer it onto the road and then I would be fine. It took several attempts before I was successful. In those attempts the car would get me to places that were more than just sand. At one place I was out of the car again then. There were these for lack of a better way to describe them decorative scenes set up with statues and things. I kind of reached over one to reach over one to move something a little bit out of the way so I could see it more clearly. In doing so I knocked some angels over. Those displays almost seemed as though they were snow and ice. I said I was sorry, that I didn't mean to knock the angels over. But I don't think there was anyone with me at the time.