There were a lot of people at my house. It looks pretty much like it does in waking life except that the staircase is open so you can stand at the top of the stairway and completely see into the living room. I was in my bedroom doing something and I overheard Matthew tell someone that his parents had divorced because his mom had left his dad for power or something like that. I went out to the hallway and said, WHAT? He said, Well, that's what dad used to say. Of course, he has changed his story now. I just said, That's ridiculous. I went back into my room. Angie Ho was there and was laying at a diagonal on my bed. I said, If I have so much power I wouldn't be where I am now. She kind of laughed. There are a lot of members of my family there. I went back out into the hallway and was talking about my life. I was standing at the top of the stairway but talking to people who were downstairs, like some of my family. I said, You know, it's like I was watching this show on TV where people asked a friend to help them redecorate a room in their house. They work for two solid days. They work hard. I realized that I do not have a friend in my life that I would ask to help me for two hours let alone two solid days or that I think would do that. That made me very sad. One of my sisters, maybe BJ, was kind of echoing what I was saying, for two hours let alone for two days. As I was headed back into my room I saw that Rachel S was getting ready to take a bath. I stuck my head inside the door and said something. She jumped out of the bathtub. She was all wet. There was something about bedtime. I said, No. You're in there now you might as well go ahead and finish. So she got back in and she was letting the water run and run and run. It was getting pretty high. I told her that she needed to turn it off now. She tried to ignore me. I said, Rachel S, turn it off. Someone else, I don't know who, reached in and turned it off. I told her to now go ahead and get done with her bath. She did. I then went back into my room. Now Mother was in there. She was complaining about something. I'm not sure what. I think maybe she was complaining about one of my siblings and something that she feels that they do all the time that she doesn't like. I said something to the effect that I try not to do that. I have a sense that the fact that I try not to do that irritates some of my siblings, or maybe all of them. Or maybe they don't believe that I try not to. I can't really remember what it was. It was something about communication though like complaining all the time or trying to get people to feel sorry for me or something like that. Anyway, Rachel S got done with her bath and came in and got ready for bed. She went downstairs and as I was getting ready for bed I realized that Mother was planning on sleeping in my bed with me. I wasn't very happy about that but I didn't feel that I could say anything. I knew I needed to get Rachel S put to bed first. I went back to the top of the stairway and told her that she needed to come up and get ready for bed. She asked if she could sleep with me. I said, Don't worry. We have a bed all fixed up for you. I heard a couple of people together downstairs say, Yeah. With her. I hadn't. Mother and I had folded up some blankets on the floor, next to my bed though, and put a pillow there. So she came running in my room and kind of flounced down on there laid down. Mother had put the pillow and blankets very close to the bed and up high so that she came very close to really hitting her head hard and hurting her self badly on the corner of my nightstand. I was thinking that we needed to pull that out so if she got up during the night or when she gets up in the morning she won't hit her head on that. I was concerned that she could hurt herself badly if she hit her head on the corner of that nightstand. I don't know if I actually said it that we needed to move it or if I was just thinking it.