I'm at a restaurant. Matthew was working there. I know they serve pizza. I was back in the kitchen area talking to Matthew. The owner was back there also. I watched him cut a pizza to take out to a customer. I'm having a conversation with Matthew about something that he sold at school like he was selling it for a fund-raiser. He had taken orders. I think it was food items. He had taken orders but now he was having trouble collecting from people. I was concerned that he was going to have to come up with the money himself and then be stuck with this food. He showed me the money that he had collected and gave me the list of what he had sold and who he needed to collect from. We were checking off what he had gotten paid for. There was some confusion. He showed me a check for $56 and told me who it was from so I checked it off. Then later he said, Oh no. That wasn't from them. It was from someone else. I corrected my notes. As we were talking, because I was concerned that he was just going to have to come up with the money. He said, No. I don't have to. If they don't come through the company just takes the stuff back. But the man that was supplying this food was really upset because he wasn't being successful at collecting this money and he was really unhappy about having to take this stuff back. I could tell the owner of the pizza place was getting aggravated with us for trying to resolve this then. Someone brought another pizza out of the oven, so I cut it myself so it could be taken out. Matthew said he was just going to leave work, that he needed to go take care of this. I told him he wasn't. He said there was nothing else that he could do. I told him that there was. I told him that he was hired to do a job, to be here when he needs you to be here, to help him run his business and that's exactly what you will do. Well have to take care of this another time. I think Allison P was working there also. I think her and I were talking for a little while. I don't know where Matthew went or what the owner was doing. But Matthew and I were talking a little bit. She was talking about some TV show and these two stars on this show and what they were doing. I had no clue what she was talking about and was just pretending to know.