I was with Ben D. We were very close, in a number of ways, though not sexually at all really. We had been laying together, I think sleeping. We were kissing. He got up and straightened his clothes and then laid back down and kissed me again. Then he got up and told me to stay where I was. I was lying on my side in a fetal position. He was going to lay on his back and rest his head on my leg. He said something. There was some confusion as to whether he said he was leaving or leaning. I knew what he meant was that he was leaning. Wherever this confusion came from about leaving I knew it was wrong. It's almost as though it came from someone else - not him. It was shortly after that, that he got up on his knees, I was lying on my back. He leaned over me very close to my face and I think I said to him, I love you, you know. And he said, I love you too. Very much actually. I was quite surprised. I don't know if I was so surprised that he felt that way but that he would say it. I told him that I loved him too. I don't know where we were. But I was at this place that had this water feature in their yard. It was made of several different materials and different levels. At one point you could step onto it and kind of like slide down. It was almost a step effect. They were shaped almost like a seashell so that they had kind of a cup effect but they were really hard and strong like stone and they were very smooth which is what allowed you to slide down from one to the next to the next. I did that a couple of times. Each time I would run back up. One time when I was doing this I realized that there were little water creatures in a lot of these little places. They were like little toads and things. One that was very large had a number of different creatures in it, like fish and other things. As soon as I realized that I didn't want to slide down anymore because I didn't want to step on anything but because I didn't want to feel that against my feet but also because I didn't want to injure or kill any of these creatures. Then I was walking around a grassy area. I felt a rumbling, or moving under my feet. I realized that something was trying to break up and through the ground. I didn't realize until later that it was some kind of a creature. I said something to Ben D about it and he kind of dismissed it. I said very firmly, NO! There is something trying to get out. When I said it so seriously he took it seriously. He knew what it was. It finally broke through. It was an ugly beast. Not really ferocious but yet dangerous. I just took off running away. I didn't get very far until I realized that Ben D had stayed. He had stayed to fight this beast to keep myself and the other people around safe. This creature was kind of being almost teasing or taunting at first. I had these feathers in my hair. They represented some kind of dedication to Ben D. Someone handed me a red feather and suggested that I go running through this area, waving this red feather, because this would cause this creature to get more angry and to chase after me. When I did this, Ben D and whoever was helping him would be able to defeat this creature so he would no longer be a threat. I was afraid but I decided to go ahead and do it so I would be doing my part. The first time I ran through I did it so quickly that it just barely riled the creature. He knew someone had run through flashing red but that was about all. So I was getting ready to do it again when I woke up.