I had gone on a trip with some family. I know Bev was along but I don't know who else. There were at least three of us sharing a hotel room. When it was time to start packing to get ready to go we were all rushing around. I kept asking if I had time to take a shower before I left. I said something about the fact that I was going to be traveling for so many hours that I really wanted to be able to take a shower before we left. I finally decided that there was time. So, I got all of my stuff together and put it on my bed so I could pack very quickly after I finished taking my shower. Then I found my toiletries and went to take a shower. The showers were in a big common area and both genders took their showers in this big common area. The showers were square, cement stalls and the opening was just big enough to get in if you turned sideways. They were only about chest high. They were so small that you barely had room to move. I wondered how in the world people were supposed to take a shower in this. There was no shower head. It was almost as though it filled with water. I was reaching down and bringing the water up with my hands to try to clean myself. I really wanted to wash my hair. I was trying to figure out how I could do that in this kind of shower. Then I realized that I had forgotten to bring my shampoo with me. I asked someone to go get my shampoo - maybe one of my younger nieces - maybe Rachel S but Rachel S as 8 or 9 years old. She asked me if I could use hers. I told her that was fine. She had it right there handy. At this point though I'm sitting. There is a pool of water by my legs so I'm reaching down and cupping water in my hands and bringing it up to my head to try to get my hair wet. I put the shampoo in. I don't remember finishing though. we are all getting all of our suitcases together and putting them in this one area. This area is my birth home. We're pulling all of our suitcases and stuff into the garage. I come through the breezeway and I'm headed into the garage. There are some kind of little things sitting on the breezeway. They almost look like little burial plots about the size of Barbie dolls. But they looked like they were made to some of them had. I don't know how to explain this. They were kind of like statues of saints but they were laying on the top of these. I asked someone what they were and they said that Bill F had made them. About that time Mother comes up and has these boxes that are about the size that two of these dolls would fit in. She said something about finding them. She said they were storage boxes for her Barbie dolls for her to keep Barbie dolls in that she hasn't sold yet at a garage sale. We were commenting what a fancy way that was to store those dolls. 