I was at a hotel with Bill C. We were giving a presentation. When he first started the program there were only three or four people there. We had the tables set up in the U shape that we typically do. I was sitting at one of the tables. There was a gentleman sitting next to me. He reminds me of the man who usually sat behind me at photography class. About one half hour into the program I noticed some people standing outside the door so I went out and told them to go on in and have a seat. Tons of people started coming. I started asking them if they had trouble finding us or if they misunderstood what time the program started. I'm pointing out empty seats to people. I filled all the seats and there were still more people. Some were just going in and getting some chairs from a different place in the room. It was a very large meeting room and we were just at one end where we had set up our tables. The rest of the room was set up as the people who had arrived on time had been served a meal before the program. The facility had not cleaned it up yet. Some people were just grabbing chairs from there and dragging them over to where we were and just sitting outside of the U, not at the tables. I went over and started clearing off one of the table, putting the stuff onto another table. Someone of them were six foot tables and some were very small square tables with a single leg in the middle. I started to sit something on one of the small square tables but decided it might get out of balance and this stuff fall off. Some of the things were bowls about the size of punch bowls and they had ice water in them all the way to the edge. I tried to sit two of those on one of the small square tables, at opposing corners to balance them but I was still afraid they would spill so I moved them to another table. Then on this same table someone had left part of a sandwich from a fast food place. I was trying to clean it up without actually touching the food. I finally cleaned off one of these tables and turned it so it was parallel to one of ours and put a couple of chairs there for more people. I went into another room that had computers in it. I was going to try to quickly type up a form with three columns of blank lines. At the top of one I was going to put Name. At the top of the next I was going to put Email. At the top of the other I was going to put Fax. I knew Bill C would want that, to have people write down their information before they left. I was going to make this form and then stand outside the door with this form on a clipboard so people could sign it as they left. When I went into this other room with the computers, someone had been messing with my computer. I couldn't figure out how to reset to the way I had it set up so I could find my word documents. There was a woman in that room working at a computer. Her computer was fine so she was going to do it for me. But as she started our program ended and even though I told her there was no need to do it now she kept working on it. I think she might have actually been filling in these people's names and emails and fax numbers but I don't know how she would know this information. Later I went to find Bill C and I saw him sitting in the back of this empty room in an upholstered armchair. He was looking very ashen - not physically well. I expressed my concern. He said something about not being able to discuss personal things with me - at my lead. There was also something about small, black discs that looked like tiny LP's. And there was something about kisses. 