I had gone into the office. I was kind of dressed up, in a skirt and jacket kind of suit and high-heeled shoes. The office building had a much larger lobby and maybe something like a kiosk or two set up in the lobby. It seemed to be for business people, at the least the first time I walked by them. I had gone into the lobby a second time and stopped and sat down at one of these Kiosk's. I opened a package that we had received in the mail. It had a set of pens and automatic pencils in it that had the CAS name and logo on it. It was from a company that was trying to get us to purchase these. It wasn't a bad set but they were purple and that certainly isn't a color Bill C would purchase. The pens and pencils themselves looked nice enough. Not very impressive. Bill C came out and had one in his hand. The package that he hadn't opened. He said something to me about it and I told him what it was. We were back in the office and there was another employee there named Sally [unknown in waking life]. I walked by Bill C's office and Bill C and Sally were standing there in a kind of casual embrace. He was leaning against the wall. She had her arms around his waist and he had his around her shoulders. Obviously she was shorted than he, as most people are in waking life. They kissed lightly a couple of times. This bothered me a lot. I was thinking about why it bothered me so much. I didn't know if it was because he is a married man, or if I was envious for some reason. I didn't sense that it was a romantic thing between them or a romantic envy on my part. They had become good friends and appreciative of each other through working together and that's all it was. My feelings might have been an envy of that type of relationship - or that he would demonstrate that with her in such a way, even though he may feel the same towards me. I got so upset though that I finally decided to leave for a little while. I went home and changed clothes. Or was about to change into slacks and a more casual top and more casual shoes. When I got ready to leave and go back to the office I found two things in my mailbox. They were things that I had sent out from work but they were returned to me at my home and they were open. I don't remember why they were returned to me. I struggled getting them out of the mailbox and took them into the house. I was looking at why they had been returned. I left and went out to what I thought was my car. I hadn't parked where I normally do. I had parked down further to the left and to the other side. When I got over there I realized it wasn't my car at all and I was looking and couldn't find it. I finally realized that I had parked a couple of streets over. I was in a hurry because I wanted to get back to the office before 4:30, hoping Bill C would still be there when I got there. I thought, Omigosh. If I still have to walk all the way over there to my car I may not make it. My home was different than in waking life. I was looking at this grassy area, kind of like a common area behind my house. I thought that maybe if I cut directly through there I could get to my car quicker. I tried to do that but there were lots of families, especially children, back there playing. It occurred to me that it was Saturday and that Bill C may not be there when I get back anyway. I was still going to try. It occurred to me how unusual it was that I would be dressed up the way I was or even am now to go into the office on a Saturday. I was trying to make my way across this common area, through all of these people. I had to stop a couple of times. I heard someone say, Excuse me ma'am. There was a football headed towards me and they didn't want me to get hit. I went a little further and then there were two moms, one was pitching and the other batting, and the kids were playing the field. They were all within a few feet of each other though. I had to wait. I couldn't get around them. I had to go in between the pitcher and the batter so I had to wait for a break. As soon as there was I ran through. Then I came to a place where there a lot of chain link fences like you would typically see around a sports field. I had to climb up and over fence after fence after fence. I don't know that I ever got to my car or back to the office.