I started out running some kind of errand for CAS on my way to work. I started out going across town as though I was going to visit Jennifer K. At some point though I headed downtown. I was at a place where there were two lanes in the street going each direction. There were a lot of parked cars along the sidewalk. In some places there wasn't enough room for another car to drive in the right lane, where I was. Yet, I somehow managed to get by without getting into an accident and without hitting any other vehicles and without being hit. There were a couple of times that I didn't know how I managed that. At one point there were a lot of big puddles of water in the street and another time it seemed as though it was piles of snow. Later it seemed that I was on a bicycle instead of in my car. At that point I was trying to figure out how to get to Jennifer K's from downtown. I was at an intersection. There were a number of men standing there. Some of them were smoking cigarettes. One of them asked another for directions. I wondered if I should ask the same man for directions to Jennifer K's. I hesitated and finally decided not to. Then I was riding my bike down this street. It seems that the other people were walking. I was having a really hard time getting traction on the snow and ice. I think someone behind me realized that I was struggling to get traction and so, and I'm not sure if it was a man or woman though I think it was a man, they pushed me until I was in a place where there street was clean and dry so I could get traction. I wanted to turn around and say thank you but I knew I wasn't good enough on a bike to be able to do that without stopping or losing my balance. I decided that I would have to just yell thank you and keep going but I don't recall actually doing that. I kept going and got to a point where I stopped again because I wasn't sure where I was. I thought that if I could get to 38th and Kessing well twice I was trying to figure out how to get to 38th street. I knew I could get to Jennifer K's from there. I was at 38th street but I didn't know the cross street so I still wasn't sure. I kept going and I finally got to a point where I thought I knew where I was. There were a couple of women or girls standing there. I asked them to clarify where I was. The one who answered me made it more confusing. I finally said, Yes, but if I go over this bridge then there's a McDonald's to the left and what used to be a T.J. Maxx store and there is a movie theater to the right. She looked at me oddly. She said, McDonald's yes. T.J. Maxx I don't remember ever being there. The movie theater, yes. I thought, Ah. I know where I am then. That's where the SFI store used to be. I didn't say anything else to her. I got back on my bike and headed back out. I was still lost. I ended up in this place where there were some people who worked for a candy company. They were delivering these boxes of candy to these different stores. I ended up by a very odd little store. It was as though it was located at the top of a ramp and it seemed to be kind of an open-air place. I don't remember there even being doors on it. It was a store full of snacks and candy and stuff. There was a box of this candy there. Someone came in and asked if they knew if this was supposed to be for them or for another store in their company. The man who was working said he had no idea. This candy was a combination of candy and ice cream packaged together. Like two separate things packaged separately and then together or attached together. I left there and ended up in this place where some women were working around a lot of boxes of furniture. They were involved in remodeling an office. They had twelve pieces of each of these different kinds of furniture. They all looked alike. Some woman came up and was talking about a round table that was there. She said she didn't want that in her office. The other women told her that every office was supposed to get it. She said, Yes. But I don't want it. They said, Okay. That's fine if you don't want it. I think they gave me directions too, because I think I was still lost. I got back on my bike and started out again. Then I ended up at a place where there were three men working. They might have been construction workers but I'm not sure. They were working on something where they were attaching pipes to each other or to something else. They had copper colored pipes. The things they were using to attach them were copper colored kind of rubbery pieces but yet they clamped them tight to hold the pipes together. One of them was explaining this to me and I said, Yeah, it's an okay job. I saw that it wasn't clamped tight enough in a couple of places and I kind of use my thumb to peal it back. I thought it wasn't going to work very well. He kind of laughed at me as though I didn't know what I was talking about. I just ignored it because it wasn't that big of a deal to me. I was actually there to ask them for directions and telling them where I was trying to go. They said, And you're on a bicycle? I said yes. They said, Why don't you let us do you a favor and take you there? I almost cried at that point because I was so frustrated and I really didn't want to be on my bike anymore and I didn't want to keep trying to find it and not being successful. I said, You would do that for me? He kind of looked at me like, Well, Yeah! Kind of like, why wouldn't I? Then this other man said, Excuse me. I got the impression that he was maybe the supervisor and it was up to him to make such a decision. I looked at him and he said, That's fine. We'll be happy to do that. I said thank you. I started talking to him. I really liked him. He seemed really nice. The other man seemed like the kind of man that comes on to every woman that crosses his path. The other man seemed like a genuinely nice man so I talked mostly to him. Then I thought, You know. I wonder if he would just take me home. I'm so tired and frustrated. Even when I talked to the women I almost cried because I was so frustrated. I realized that I would have to tell him where I live and they will probably say something like, You mean you got all the way over here from there on your bicycle? But I just thought how much I really wanted to go home. I was going to ask him if he could just take me home.