I was working for a company that the first part of my job, maybe to get started working for this company, I had to see a certain number of people and present this photography package to them. I wasn't expected to sell any of them but I had to present them. One of the places I went to present was in St. Joe. I decided to go to Cliff S's house. It looked different than it does in waking life. They had a long sidewalk that came all the way out to the edge of the road. It seems that I was walking. I think I saw somebody outside across the street. I said something about going to Cliff S's house. I think they suggested against it but I decided to go anyway and see if they would allow me to present to them. They invited me in and were going to allow me to make my presentation. Mother and Daddy were either there already or they came over or maybe they came with me. Sc's had me go into the living room and wait for them. They said they would be right in. They had a lot of family photos all over the room. I was looking for a current one in particular because I was curious as to what Cliff S looks like these days. I saw one and thought that he had aged well, that he was an attractive man. They came in and we were talking a bit about their children. There was a young man there named Simon. He was twenty something with very blonde hair. It was one of their children. He walked out of the room and I said, I know how old Simon is but it's hard for me to see him and believe that he's that old because I remember him when he was just a toddler. I was doing my presentation. With Daddy being the entertainer that he likes to be kept making jokes and wisecracks. I was getting really frustrated. Even though I knew I didn't have to sell any of these it would have been nice if I could. But he just kept joking around and stuff and I ended up not selling anything. After that I feel like I was asleep yet I was thinking about Cliff S and back to grade school and his interest in me and the way I was so shy and afraid to reciprocate any interest. I was wondering what it would have been like if I had been brave enough to go out with him. It was eighth grade and it would have been a date with his family. I didn't even ask my parents if I could go.