I was in a hotel. I was sharing a room with three friends. One of them was Jo V. Someone had chained us up. There was a man named David [unknown in waking life]. He had thick long dark hair and dark eyes. He was very attractive. He was trying to talk our captor into letting us go. He wanted to make love to me. We were laying on a bed and we were kissing. He wanted us to take the shackle off of my ankle. I managed to get loose and we got away. We did make love. When it was time to go home I didn't want to leave and I didn't want him to leave. I had fallen in love with him. I hugged him and he picked me up off the floor. We hugged very tightly. I told him I didn't want to leave. It was at that point that I realized he had no attachment to me at all. He didn't seem at all bothered by the fact that I was leaving. He was saying that I didn't want to be involved with someone like him. Maybe he even had some kind of bad history - criminal history of some kind. I was staying on the 32nd floor of this hotel. A couple of times I got on the service elevator. I was trying to get back to my room. I was on the 11th floor. It was a very small elevator. It probably didn't have room for more than three or four people. It was very unusual in the way it operated. When I was already back to the 32nd floor it stopped. As I was getting ready to get off it went up a little further, then it dropped back down a little past the 32nd floor and then back up to where it should be for me to get off. There were a bunch of people standing there waiting to get on. I went back to the room. My roommates were all packing and getting us ready to leave. They hadn't packed my stuff but they had put it all together. I walked out of the room. There were a lot of other people in the hotel that we knew. I saw Terri O come out of her room. She was getting ready to leave as well. Towards the end of the day it seemed as though someone had done some investigation or something of David. It seemed to be that he was connected to Daniel R or Nick R. I'm not sure which. One of them had given them my name as someone he could sleep with easily, be intimate with. I was so furious. When I went and tried to find out if he knew Daniel R, I think it was Daniel R, he denied knowing anyone by that name. A little bit later, I was doing some other packing but I wasn't in the room at the time. Maybe I was just consolidating some things that I had already packed and trying to make things easier to carry. He came up and sat down next to me. I didn't want to have anything to do with him at that point. I had nothing to say. It was as though he wanted to talk to me about this but yet didn't know what to say. I was sitting there. I had two bags of turkey deli meat in clear plastic bags. They were each slices that were rolled up. I was combining them into one bag. I had no desire to talk to David. I woke up at one and then went back to sleep. We were on a beach and there was a huge wave. It scared the heck out of me because I thought as it was coming into the beach that it was going to go right over my head and completely put me under water. Fortunately it didn't. It did cover some people, but it's height diminished before it reached me. It washed way up on the beach beyond where I was standing, but it wasn't any deeper than my knees.