I was standing right inside the window of one room and Bill C was standing inside the window of another room. The room that he was in was a bathroom. He had just gotten out of the shower so he didn't have any clothes on. He looked different than in waking life. He was much heavier and even in the face didn't look the same. We saw each other standing inside the window so he called out of the window from the room he was in and through the window of the room where I was. But then we saw in a distance that Jane C was there. So we got concerned and he quickly went back. Tried to quickly get back without her seeing us. I guess maybe she was headed towards us. She didn't catch us. The place where we lived was my home now in waking life. I had come home and the front door was open. But it looked like something was going on next door also. I wondered if they were getting it ready for someone new to move in. It looked like they had put black blinds on the windows. I noticed those and thought how nice they looked. But my front door was standing open. I hesitated at the door trying to decide whether to go in or not. I realized that it was the maintenance men that were in there. They had brought in a lot of equipment. You can hardly even get into the kitchen. At some point I wondered if I was finally getting my new windows but I don't think that's what they were doing. There were a lot more than the 3 or 4 maintenance men that work here in waking life. Tim U is the only one I recall from waking life. Maybe the other men were subcontractors. As soon as they saw me they realized that they had forgotten to put plastic down on the carpet before they started coming in and out and working there. As a result there were black footprints all over the carpet. They quickly started putting something down on the carpet. They put some of it down on top of the black footprints. Now Jane C either came in or was there and I just noticed her. She was using a vacuum and cleaning up the black stuff on the carpet. We were trying to figure out how to get rid of these clones of us. We decided that we needed to use a time machine and travel back in time. We realized that the three of us needed to travel together. Myself and whoever I was married to and our daughter. We would go back to a period in time that we had visited previously and created this clone, we went back to that period of time. We would find them and not tell them why we were there. I don't know that they even realized that we were clones or that we were from a different time or anything. We had to come up with a reason to get all three of them in the same room and standing next to each and very close to us. As soon as we did that something happened that took a second and they just disappeared. Whatever we did took a split second and they disappeared. It seemed that there were a lot of different ones all in one time period. It was almost as though we realized that all of the clones existed in one time period and we realized that we could get rid of all of them at once if we could get them all in the same room at one time. So we had done this but we also realized this time that some of the clones looked very different. Like the teenage daughter in one of these clone families looked like a very old woman and she was maybe only 3 feet tall. She had shoulder length, full, grey hair. In the face looked like an old woman. The way she walked and carried herself was very much like an old woman. She is the only one that I remember specifics about the differences in appearance. It was at that point, where we had gotten them all in the room together, and we started making them disappear one family at a time. We were doing quickly enough that it didn't cause a problem.