I was a member of some branch of the armed forces. I have no idea or what branch or where I was serving. We were in a thing that looked kind of like a big building - almost like an empty warehouse. There was nothing in it. There were bare boards on the ceiling. A bunch of us had gone into this building. Shortly after we got in there we realized it was sitting on some swamp land or something so it started sinking. We weren't able to leave so we were trying to do other things to try to get to the roof, or to try to keep ourselves safe until someone got there to rescue us. I was hanging on to one of the bare boards on the ceiling. I wasn't just holding on to it with my hands but also had my legs wrapped around it and kind of hanging there. When I realized that wouldn't work much longer I noticed a window or opening of some kind on the wall near me. I managed to get the window opened out by the latch. I was able to pull myself out and onto the roof. I was able to survive that way. Myself and another woman survived. I don't know if anyone else survived or not. Because we survived this ordeal we were being given honorable discharge. I was excited to find out that I was going to be able to go home early. There was something about one year but I don't know what that had to do with it. We were back where we were living or staying. It wasn't like an army barrack. It was more like individual houses or apartments. This other woman had survived, I think maybe she was married or involved with someone. She was anxiously awaiting the return of her partner. She had taken a shower. She had long black hair. She came over to my house right after her shower. Her hair was still wet. She said something about having a party. Maybe jokingly said that everyone had to come to the party naked. Later her and I are talking to a couple of men. One in particular I seemed to be getting along especially well with. I think I invited him to this party. He said there was no way he could go to a party where he had to show up naked or where everyone would be naked. I had somehow convinced him to come anyway. We kissed. It wasn't a long romantic kiss. He was sitting in a lounge chair and I just leaned over and gave him a quick kiss on the lips. Later, I saw him coming to the party and it turned out that it wasn't that we had to show up naked. I saw this man coming and he had a T-shirt on but no pants. I ran out to warn him so he could go home and finish dressing. He went back and finished getting dressed. I think he was younger than I was. Maybe this is why a romantic relationship didn't even occur to me. But we did get along really well. I really enjoyed talking to him. Somehow the idea of romance came up. I started entertaining the thought simply because of the way we got along. Maybe it wouldn't be so bad to be romantically involved with someone younger than myself. I don't know how much younger he was, if it was significant or anything.