A white kitten with human-like eyes (male). I carried it everywhere with me. I carried it and petted it and held it in a hood of my sweatshirt to carry it around. I heard bombs exploding from a distance. I saw the white explosion spots. I was appalled. "Look what they are doing to the landscape, ruining it." I looked overhead and saw Nazi planes. A bomb fell near us. I jumped for cover, but my parents are complacent and didn't. I came back. There had only been a small explosion. I was confused. Why hadn't it exploded and hurt us? A convoy of trucks and jeeps then came by. A nazi officer got out. He looked at me and told me that I was under arrest. I was to report to headquarters. I asked, "Where is it?" He said, "Follow me." So the kitten and I walked along. He went too fast (the officer), and I lose him. I didn't know where headquarters was, so I asked directions!! It finally dawned on me that I could escape, that I was being really silly following orders, so I got in a car and started driving. I was now a race car driver. It was a red and black, sleek race car. I drove fast.  I now had a male partner. There was lots of competition. They didn't like me. They made snide remarks. I looked in my engine. Someone had put papers in there to start a fire. I got them out. I saw another race car driver getting ready to start. I stopped her (Lindsay, I think, blind). I checked her engine. The same thing. I got the papers out. I saved her. I got back into the car on the passenger side. I said to my partner, "I should let you start sometimes, even though I know I'm a better driver." He was tinkering under the hood. I got a wrench to help. I didn't know what I was doing and I shrugged my shoulders (embarrassed), that I even pretended to know. He drove for awhile. We then stopped. I said, "Are you tired yet?" I was hoping it was my turn. He said, "My body's tired, but my mind is O.K." We changed places." I drove very fast. He said, "Watch out for policemen." I nearly bumped into the tail lights of other cars as I was watching for policemen. I then decided I could probably out run them and I hit the gas. I drove over obstacles, around them, I'm good. The other drivers were in awe. One had a 1/2 hour head start on me and I was passing. The mountain road then turned into hallways and stairs. Then I was back outside. I stopped for a break. A woman who was angry at me picked me up to carry me to my car. She had her hand on my butt and pinched hard. I got angry and tried to kick her. Every time I hurt her, she hurt me back. I felt helpless (trapped) and angry. I got loose, drove my car.