There were a lot of characters. Ben D was one of them. He asked me to marry him and I think I said yes. After we were married he was telling me certain things that he expected. My first reaction was that I should have known that before I married him because I don't know that I would have. My second reaction is that it wasn't that big of a deal and that I would be able to adapt with no big problem. But it was as though there were these, I'm trying to decide if the whole thing had something to do with SAID. It feels as though some or all of it had something to do with some kind of criminal activity. Not all of it. Just some of it. It's as though there were different, for lack of a better description, rooms or places that you would go for some reason. Each place was built. They weren't connected. They were built on the water. I think they had the capability to move. But they weren't like boats, not even like houseboats. Maybe kind of like an enclosed dock. That seems to be the closest I can come to describing them. One of them did seem to be something like a houseboat. Somehow, but I don't know how, we moved from one to the other. Almost a sense of jumping across from one to the other. Maybe they were just far enough apart that you could just step across but for some reason I felt the need to jump across. There was a child that needed to use the bathroom. I agreed to take her. It wasn't my child. I had to take her from one of these to another. I wanted to do it without being seen or caught. I don't think I was guilty of any criminal activity but maybe I was a witness. There was some kind of criminal activity or somebody that would have wanted to capture me to keep me from saying what I knew. Those people were in this one place where I had to take this child to go to the bathroom. I thought I had gotten there without being spotted. We closed the door. Just as I closed the door someone on the outside of the door did something to lock us in or to keep us from getting out. I didn't panic. As soon as it happened I started looking for alternative ways to get out. There was a very odd kind of window. It didn't open like a normal window. It didn't even really look like a window. But I identified a way that we would be able to get out through there. While I was doing this child was going to the bathroom. It was a little girl. As she finished I realized that she had been standing in something like a bathtub or shower stall going to the bathroom. As she did this the water level in the toilet was rising. This is so odd. I asked her why she did that but I don't remember her answer. She didn't get her shoes wet or anything doing this. As soon as she finished we flushed the toilet and everything was fine. It's as though we did this twice. I can't remember how it was different the second time or enough to give a description that makes more sense.