I had decided to purchase a condominium. I think I found one advertised in a large hardback book. It was about the size of a large dictionary. The community had a specific name so I got out a map and looked up the name. The weird thing is that it described it but it was also the name of the community. I went there and walked into a sales office. There was a woman working there that was about my age or maybe a little older. She was very thin, had blonde hair and wore glasses. She was the only one working. Initially she didn't say anything to me though she had glanced up at me but then kept working. Finally she did look up. I told her I was there to look into the condo that was for sale. She got her keys and took me to see it. I think we just walked. At first I was unsure. We had to go upstairs to enter the front door. She was telling me that my neighbor was an older woman with MS. She said I would hardly ever see her but that there is one person who comes frequently to see her and help to care for her. I would see that person but otherwise she was a good neighbor because she is quiet and does not have a lot of people coming in and out etc. Where you enter was kind of like a covered patio outdoor area. There was a sitting area. It had some roses there that were dying. I thought I could try to save the roses. I thought it would be a nice area to sit and read and such. The woman then showed me another area. We looked over or through or something to an area that was an outdoor area that was not covered. It seems as though we had to look through some wood slats to see this area. This area was about the size of a car. The floor was wood and not level. It had a high slope. I couldn't figure out what it was and I don't remember what she told me. Underneath it was storage and she said a basement. I asked her if I could see it. She told me I could but we went inside first. As soon as we walked in the front door I knew it was the place that I wanted though right now I can't remember anything about the inside or why I knew it was the place for me. She showed me around. I was carrying this big book with me that had the condo listed. I also had my checkbook and a pen with me. I set those down on the kitchen counter I think while we looked around. After we finished looking around the inside I told her I was pretty sure this was the place that I wanted but I wanted to see the basement first. There were some maintenance men there. I asked her how soon it could be available for me to move in and she said two weeks. She said the maintenance men would need that much time to get it ready. This is unusual for a condo unless the owners hired these men to do some work. One of the maintenance men was taking me to see the basement. I was wearing a somewhat short skirt. We had to go down a wall ladder. I was nervous about going down this ladder anyway but especially in this short skirt. He went down first and then held out his hand to help me down. I think I handed him my book and checkbook and pen. Then I went down. I remember asking someone or saying to someone that it didn't seem that there were many families with small children in the community. They smiled and chuckled and said no there weren't families with young children in the community. They said it was mostly people my age and ten or 15 years younger or older. Someone asked me about my son. I said he was 18 and I told him he was a student at PLU. I don't know if I said he was a junior.