Matthew and a new girlfriend. It almost seemed as though I, and maybe someone else was trying to rescue him from something or maybe this girl and we had to get him away from campus. I think we believed that Michelle [unknown in waking life] was going to do physical harm to Matthew if he left. Chris H was there. At one point it seemed that I was observing and someone else was the mom. The mom had gotten a job as a housekeeper in the sorority house that the new girlfriend, Michelle, belonged to. She did this to have access to cause some type of problem. She was in a room with several of the girls and sprayed something on them and into Michelle's eyes. She than ran to escape the house. They announced an alert over a PA system. This was to lock down or stop the mom from escaping. Some of the girls didn't know who they were trying to prevent from escaping and it did not occur to them that it was the housekeeper. As the mom reached the front door there were three girls there locking the door and saying something about the escapee not being able to get out that way. It was a very nice, expensive house. The front door was a beautiful dark wood with a window pane running vertical alongside the door. Since they did not expect the housekeeper to be the one they were trying to prevent from leaving they let her out. As soon as she got out she ran for a car that was waiting for her. There were a lot of people in the car and they had created a disturbance around the car to make it easier for them to get away. There were also a lot of people outside the car to help with the escape. Some ran behind and hung on to the back of the car as it pulled away so no one would be able to get a license plate number. It seems that maybe they even started a fire. As the car drove off we drove into tons of traffic. We were worried that they would be able to catch us now, but then we realized that my significant other had arranged this for me to help with the escape because as we drove all of the traffic moved out of our way and then back into place to prevent anyone from getting to us by following us. The cars that were moving were sitting at all types of angles and directions which made it seem more impossible for anyone to get through. There were also people standing along the road cheering us on because they wanted us to be able to get away. I ended up alone at a bus or train station. I thought it was a bus station but the ground area somewhat resembled train tracks or a train station. I don't know what happened to the other people who had been in the car with me and I don't know what I did with the car. I was trying to figure out how to get home from there, but with my car. I didn't want to take the bus/train. I was trying to decide if I could/should ask someone at the station and if so, who. It seems that I did but they either couldn't tell me how to get home or told me that I had to take the bus/train. During the rerun of this part of the dream someone gave me directions and I was with someone but I don't know who. They drove from there. We came to a part of the road that was completely under water. I could see not far up ahead that the water was very active and it looked as though we would be driving off the edge of something. I was scared and brought it to the attention of the driver. By that time it was too late but it turned out we just couldn't see beyond that point - not that it was a drop off. We kept driving through the water and made our escape. I don't think Matthew was with us though. In another rerun of this part of the dream it did drop off and I don't remember anything beyond that. In the first run of this part of the dream, when they told me I couldn't drive away from the station they did give me some kind of directions. This time Matthew was either there or showed up, with a male friend. We followed the directions given to us. We came to this area where the ground area looked like a huge wooden slide with several lanes. Almost like a six or eight lane highway but they were varnished wood lanes to a slide. People sat and slid to the end. Along the right side there was also a chain link fence and a cement walkway. Some people chose to walk down this path. It was a little difficult to walk because it was so steep - difficult like it would be if you were trying to walk down a steep hillside. I think I decided to walk and Matthew and his friend were sliding down. I was keeping up with them to a point and then I seemed to get ahead of them. I lost sight of them at one point and became very frightened that something had happened to them. They finally showed up at the end. At the end of this path there were some people from the college working. The student mailboxes were there also - they looked like regular house mailboxes, black metal. I opened Matthew's and looked in. There were lots of messages for him written on sticky notes. There was one larger one that was to stay in the mailbox at all times. It was kind of stuck to the mailbox so it hung down in front when you opened it. You removed it to remove the rest of the mail and then you put it back. There was a young man who removed it while I took the rest of the mail/messages out and then he put it back and closed the box. I was looking at the notes and then passing them on to Matthew. I think some of them were either from or about Michelle. Maybe there were some of each. There was also a female attendant there. She was responsible for some metal boxes that we had to put change into. Before we could leave or move on. We had a pile of change that we were talking about or doing something with when we realized that some of it had to go into this metal box before we left. It needed a quarter and something else. There was also something about Ashley B. This seems as though another rerun part of this dream where just parts of the dream occurred more than once but in slightly different ways. The escape to the car was one of those but I can't capture the details now. We were in a room and Chris H was lying down. He must have been lying on the floor because I needed to get around him and warned him so I wouldn't step on him as I stepped over and around him to get what I needed. He moved a little and at first I thought I was going to lose my balance or step on him because of that.