I was in my home study and doing some cleaning or organizing. It didn't look like my study in waking life. It was much larger and had maybe eight filing cabinets, some two drawer and some four. Some were wider than they were deep. I was thinking about ways that I could rearrange all of these cabinets so I would have more space. The way some of them were sitting now it created a big empty space behind them - they were sitting in an L shape. As I was doing this I kept finding drawers full of office supplies. On some of the two drawer filing cabinets I had plastic file boxes with two or three drawers each, sitting on top. You could see into those as they were clear on the front and side with colored tops and frames. These also had tons of office supplies in them. Matthew came in and I was showing him all of these office supplies that I had. Apparently I had accumulated them because every time I needed something I went out and bought it, buying a few extra to have on hand, and forgetting that I already had some on hand in the study. I told Matthew I thought I was going to box them all up and give them away to an organization in the fall - an organization that collects school supplies for needy children. He thought too this was a good idea. Mother and Daddy came to visit. My home was at the top of a steep hill. It was winter and there was snow and ice on the street and driveway. They were in a van and I saw them come up the hill and then go back down and park at the bottom of the hill. Daddy had a difficult time finding a place that he could safely walk up the hill. I wondered why they didn't park at the top of the hill near my door, but then realized that there were no guest parking spaces there. I did then realize, however, that there were two handicap spaces but they had too much snow piled in them to be able to park there. I went to the office, which in this case almost seemed to be an outdoor office and the woman working there was behind a large glass partition. There was a small window hole in the glass to speak to her through. I asked her if she could have the handicap spaces cleared in the future. A little later I realized she had someone come and clear them right away. I suggested that Mother and Daddy go ahead and move their van into one of the spaces right away. Daddy wanted to walk down the hill so I went with him. Walking down was more dangerous because of the ice and snow. I identified a place along the hill that was shaped somewhat like steps. It had snow on it but it was safer than the icy walkway. So he stepped onto that and began making his way down. We got to a point where he had to step back down onto the walkway. It was a pretty tall step down however. I held out my left hand to help him balance and keep him from falling as he stepped down. I realized this was the hand that had been hurting so much and couldn't support any weight but I went ahead and used it anyway. Back in the house I found a few drawers that had Halloween costumes in them. One had several rubber masks in it. I pulled one out that was purple and lime green. I showed it to Daddy and told him that it matched what he was wearing that day. He had on a one piece something that was purple and lime green. It looked like it could be worn as a Halloween costume though that was not it's intended use. Daddy tried the mask on. I was watching him trying on, I don't know that anyone else was paying attention. It was a tight fit and I was becoming concerned that he was going to suffocate. He was having trouble finding the front of the mask where he could breath through this mouth and nose and see. I realized that the mask had faces on both the front and back. I reached down with my right hand, I think Daddy was sitting at this point, and tried to move it around to help him find the face holes. I got them in the right position but then realized there was a liner on the inside that was out of place and blocking all of the holes. I finally, and gently, slid the mask off of his head. I told him I didn't think it was a good idea for him to borrow that one. He agreed that he did not want to borrow that one but we did find another that he could borrow. I checked with Matthew to be sure he wasn't planning to use any of them between now and the next Halloween, because Halloween had just passed. He said he wouldn't.