I was at a CIIS intensive. Jo V and I were checking in at the same time and had taken our luggage upstairs. To get to the room upstairs you had to walk across a very narrow walkway that seemed to drop off to the left. There didn't seem to be a rail or a wall there. The floor was hardwood. The wall to the right was a row of windows. The ceiling was less than five feet high so I had to bend over to go across the walkway. There were also hanging plants every so often that I had to dodge. We learned that our room was actually downstairs so we went back down. For some reason Ben D was there. I heard that he was wondering why I was avoiding him or not giving him any special attention. I thought to myself that it was a two-way street. He could pay special attention to me and didn't. He hadn't initiated any communication in months so why should I pay special attention to him? Later we were at a group meeting and Liz C, came in riding in a very small motorized race car that was primarily blue in color. I thought it was great. She was using this as an alternative to the scooters that many people use when they have limited mobility. I was thinking that she traded in her wheelchair for this. But she did get up and move around some once she arrived at the meeting. Each day two or three of us were supposed to facilitate or lead a group exercise, meditation or prepared. I was excited about the one I had prepared. When it came time for me to facilitate my exercise, someone else in the group arbitrarily decided we didn't have time and got majority agreement to postpone it until another time, but there wasn't another time for me to do it. I was somewhat upset by this. I felt it was disrespectful yet didn't surprise me. Later that day Liz C and someone else were sitting on the steps, in looked like my home now, and talking about the fact that everyone seemed to be greatly lacking in motivation. Liz C asked me what I thought about it. I said I had missed most of that evening's meeting due to my lack of motivation. I didn't mention what had happened. She asked me to go upstairs with her and help her come up with something that might improve motivation. I agreed, though I wasn't sure I was the best person to help her. Later I was in my bedroom, again it seems that I am at home, and Bill C came to the door and asked if he could step in and talk to me. I said yes. He was speaking in a very low voice so as not to be overheard. I was having trouble hearing him so I asked if I could close the door. He hesitated for a moment because it would be inappropriate for he and I to be in my bedroom alone with the door closed. I agreed. What might others think if they knew? However, since we both knew it was totally innocent we closed the door anyway. We talked for just a few minutes. We were in a mode where we were really connecting, laughing and enjoying our conversation as occasionally happens. A couple of times he stepped very close to me as we talked. I found myself having a desire to kiss him, or for him to kiss me, and felt the same coming from him though he didn't say it. I knew we wouldn't because we both knew it would be inappropriate. Still, I was disappointed when he left the room. In another scene I am sitting at a small square table talking to Audrey T. She was trying to talk her office landlord into creating a courtyard for tenants. I had told her some time ago that our office building had something like this and I had talked them into fixing it up for tenants to use. We could go out there and sit in quiet, to have lunch, or to have a conversation with someone. So far Audrey T was being unsuccessful and wanted to know if I had any suggestions. Bill C came up and sat down. I introduced him to Audrey T. I started to explain what she does for a living but admitted that I could not do that very well so asked her to explain to him what she does. I was expecting her to tell him about her work with women and unions but she didn't. When I said something about that she said that she hasn't been doing that forever. I was embarrassed that I didn't know that.