I was at John Mu's house. He and his wife were in bed. He motioned me to come into his bedroom. Their bed was the width of a twin size bed but the length of two beds. They were sleeping feet-to-feet. I didn't even realize that she was in the bed until he started to introduce me to her and she poked her head out from under the blanket. They invited me to stay. We were in the living room watching a movie. He and his wife and I. He sat really close to me, right next to my left side. It made me very uncomfortable. His wife got up and left but I don't know where she went. Then he tried to get even cozier. Maybe he leaned his head against me. We were eating popcorn. I think I was trying to be nice to make up for the bad parting that we had in waking life. I had my hand interlaced in his arm. I was surprised when I realized that my head was leaning against his shoulder. I moved immediately. It was dark in the room. I could tell he was getting ready to reach over and put his hand on my leg or knee. I was getting very squeamish because I did not want him to touch me. He reached over and I gently pushed his hand away. I was wearing a skirt. He said, Oh come on. It's not like I'm going to reach all the way up or anything. I was still trying to be nice so I smiled and said, Sorry. I don't do that. He tried again and I pushed his hand away again. Then four children came in. Two of the teenage girls, with blonde hair, were his daughters. The one teenager was a boy and then there was a younger girl. He introduced me to them. They started watching the movie with us. The youngest one had long dark hair. I think I playfully tossed a pillow at her and it landed on her stomach. She got really upset. I apologized. I crouched down over her. She was lying on the sofa. She said she didn't feel good. I said again how sorry I was. She started crying. John went to do something and I just decided that it was time for me to leave. I picked up my purse but I didn't think I should leave without saying anything to him. As soon as he came back in the room I told him that I thought it was time for me to go. He started to protest and I just said, No. I really need to go. When I went to leave I saw my car was covered with a heavy layer of white dust or dirt. I think earlier we or someone had been doing yardwork and it was from the yardwork. I was parallel parked in the driveway between two other cars. I opened the driver's side door very carefully so all of this stuff wouldn't get in the car. I shut the door and started the engine. I was revving the engine really hard to blow all of this white dust off so I could see to drive. As I did this it shook the car a lot, enough to move it in a position where I could easily drive away. John came out and was going to try to stop me but I pulled away. It seemed that he and I worked for the same large company. I had a discussion with the owner of the company. It had nothing to do with John. I think it had to do with an idea that I had for the business. He kind of liked the idea and had suggested that I handle a certain part of the project. A couple of other people were standing there and questioning why I would want to do this. I was said a couple of times, No. I would like to finally be recognized for being the one responsible for this. I didn't come right out and say it or was hinting at the fact that at previous companies I had made significant contributions that really benefited the company but other people got credit for it. So this time I wanted to do it again and I wanted to get credit for it. I don't think that was the only reason I wanted to do it though. There was a rumor going around. A lot of employees were getting worried that they were going to lose their jobs. It was in some way related to this idea I proposed. It wasn't true but the rumor got started and everyone was getting worried. John was one of them. He was still kind of after me. The owner found out about that and was trying to help me. Maybe he was trying to protect me or keep John away from me. I was now maybe back at John's house and I was trying to get out without him seeing me. He would spot me and come running after me. I kept trying to hide and get away from him or stay far enough away that he couldn't touch me or anything. The owner of the company showed up and was doing something to try to help me. I smelled incense and realized that the owner of the company had lit this incense because it was in some way supposed to help me or keep John away from me. The owner of the company told me that he loved me. That made me very happy. I don't know that I said the same to him. The next thing that I remember is that it seemed as though there was a flood. It was as though you were looking at an ocean where you couldn't see beyond the horizon. There was a long boat. It was not a good thing. John threatened or in danger. He said, Oh. What the heck. I'm going to go ahead and get on that huge penis-shaped boat.