I was at BJ's house for some kind of family event. Mike A was going to be attending. She was concerned that she didn't have enough ice. Brian F said he would run to the nearest store and buy some. She said that wouldn't do because Mike doesn't like that kind of ice. Then Brian F suggested we put her ice in a separate bowl for Mike A to use and the rest of us could use the bought ice. She still wasn't sure. I told her that I agree with Brian F. I went with him to buy the ice. There was something else that we had to do while we were getting the ice. It had something to do with a dog named Appleby. I think John S and someone else went with us also. Maybe Bev. We went to this place. It's like Brian F had rented this dog and we were returning it. We were walking down an aisle trying to find Appleby's spot so to speak. They were wooden shelves that had wooden partitions. On the back wall behind the shelf they had their names painted in very decorative lettering with pictures and such. We finally found Appleby's. Brian F laid a credit card there to pay for whatever it was. I thought that was very odd that he was comfortable just laying his credit card there and leaving it. I don't know how or when he was going to get it back. I got out my wallet to see if I had enough cash. It was $16 and I had exactly that. I gave it to Brian F so he could leave that instead of his credit card. Now I'm there alone at the front desk. I was talking to someone. She needed $8.80 plus tax. I only had $8.80 so I called BJ's house to see if someone could come with the rest of the cash that I needed for whatever it was I was doing for them. BJ and Jody S showed up with the rest of the cash. The receipt had fallen on the ground. It had manure on it. No one wanted to pick it up so we were kicking the manure so we could read the receipt. The woman who worked there finally took a couple of swipes at it to knock it into a position where we could finally read it. I told BJ and Jody S that someone was going to need to come back in a couple of days but I don't know why. I don't know what it was we were paying for. We went back to the house. Mike A showed up. I was outside with BJ when he showed up. The three of us went inside. I was observing him. I couldn't believe how different he seemed. BJ thought it was just an act. I wasn't sure. I just kept watching him and wondering if he was sincere or if it was an act or a temporary thing.