I was working at the CAS office. I was working on something related to curriculum. I thought it would be important, after completing it, to sit down with the instructors to tweak it. I had completed the draft and realized that while I didn't know if Bill C would be the one presenting the training I thought I would go over it with him. He was in his office but the lights were either off or very low. He had come into my office. I had piles of paper neatly spread out but covering my desk. I handed this document to him and said something to him about it. He got angry and said, I told you I wanted you to work on _____ - something else but I don't remember now what - and that I just wanted you to concentrate on that. I said, I had been and I just needed break so I worked on something else for a little bit. He just walked out. I was very upset about it. It was in the afternoon and people started arriving for a training program. I went down to the Deli because I hadn't had lunch yet. I stopped at the women room on the way. I was talking to two other women in there. They were both single. We were talking about going somewhere. Someone said something about men. The women room was a huge room. At the other end of the room was another room and her husband was with her. They said something like, Now wait a minute. And then said something about talking about men that way. I said I wasn't generalizing that I was talking about a few specifically from my experience. Myself and another woman left and we went down to the deli. Someone there asked if he could help me. I said I wanted a turkey sandwich. He brought me this very large round platter. He had a lot of tomatoes and onions and lettuce and a pickle. I thought, Oh wow. I should have told him that I wanted this to go. I started digging through the pile of tomatoes and found the turkey. Then I thought I needed to go ask him for some bread because I didn't tell them that I wanted it to go. As I continued to dig I found one round piece of bread, like half of a bun. Then I found another that would be the middle slice of a three-part bun. I finally decided that was good enough, that I would make my sandwich out of that. I wanted something to drink. Since I was upset I decided to get a regular Sprite. Before I left I had dug through my purse to get a bunch of quarters to pay for it. I realized that they had made a lot of changes in the deli - maybe even different ownership. Now instead of the soda machines that they used to have they had one soda machine that dispensed cups of soft drinks with ice. I went ahead and put my quarters in. I saw they had diet Sprite so I chose that. As I saw it coming out I suspected that it was Mountain Dew rather than Sprite. I took one sip and could tell that it was definitely Mountain Dew. I got a little anxious because I know how little Mountain Dew it takes to affect my nervous system. I told whoever was with me that I had to go up to the counter and get this taken care of. I went and told one of the women working there what had happened and that I could not drink Mountain Dew. They wanted me to just be okay with the Mountain Dew. I told them that I really couldn't because it would have such a strong negative affect on my nervous system. I really couldn't handle it physically. They said something to a young man working there to have him taking care of it. The deli was really crowded. There were a lot of tables. It was much larger and much busier than in waking life. There were people at every table; there was a long line of people in the food line. As I was standing there, there were many desserts there and they looked very tempting. I thought that I needed to get away from there so I wouldn't indulge. There was another man there that worked in the building. He was wearing a white shirt and tie. He was saying something to me, looking around the room. There were a lot of men in the room, all wearing white shirts and ties. He said something about all these men dressed alike - something about the mentality of it is the best way I can describe it.