I was offered a job in another city. I was having incredible difficulty reaching a decision about whether to take the job and move or stay. Matthew was quite a bit younger than in waking life. We were talking about the decision just as we used to discuss decisions that affected both of us. I had finally come to the point where I thought - I just wanted to know what God wanted me to do. I had finally come to the decision that God wanted me to move. Some of my family members came to the house. Even Darren was there. Bev and Rachel S were there. I started telling them what treasures they all are to me and how much I value them and my time with them. However then I was going to tell them that I was going to take the job. Several of them had brought me cards and letters. I opened the first one and started to cry. I still thought that I should take the job. Then I started struggling with the decision. I didn't let them know that I had thought I had made the decision. Someone delivered several large bunches of white tulips that were from different people, some family. In the dream these were my favorite flower. I was struggling. I told them that I just wanted to be very clear about my decision and that I wanted mostly to do what God wants me to do. I was asking him to make it very clear to me so I would know what he wanted. At this point one of the men from the SDI, I think his name is Rob, he is a minister, suggested we say a prayer. He said a prayer aloud. At the end of the prayer I thought I was supposed to go and I started crying again. Oh, maybe this is when the tulips arrived and they were a farewell present. I said I was going to take a walk, thinking that would help clear my head so I could make the decision. Several times I thought the message was that I should go and that alone should tell me that I was supposed to go. However, also, if I keep having these serious doubts that I'm supposed to go maybe that is what is telling me that I'm supposed to stay. There was something I saw. Bev and some others were singing a song and dancing. Bev had really long hair in the dream. She was wearing a very pretty suit with a skirt, vest, and jacket. The jacket looked like a tweed. I wondered where she learned this dance. It was like a choreographed dance. I wondered where she learned it and why. I also had a suit on with a skirt. I had a pair of biking shorts on under the skirt. Jody S and Kim H saw I had the shorts on under the skirt and wondered why I was wearing them that way. They were helping me straighten my clothes because my blouse was rolling up under the skirt. I did finally decide not to take the job. Instead I was going to move into Mother and Daddy's beach house, which they don't have in waking life. It was located behind their house, almost as though their house was on one side of the block and the beach house on the other side of the block. I said that would be a good thing to be living so close to them yet in a different house.