We were traveling on 465 and getting off on a GI exit. We noticed an accident at the end of the exit ramp. It was too late to avoid going by there. I got to the end of the ramp too fast and I was worried about making the left-hand turn where the police were directing the traffic. I did make it okay. Unfortunately, they didn't have detour signs up yet so it was up to each driver to figure out the detour. At this point we are walking. I'm with Matthew. There are some other people ahead of us. Some behind us. We're all trying to figure out which way to go for a detour. We ended up back where we were. They had now cleaned up the accident and we could get through. However, now it was the hallway in my house. There was a woman behind. There were some men that were still cleaning up. This woman either wanted to get some information from me or give me some information. She walked in the room. I think it was the master bedroom. She was saying how uncomfortable she felt there. I told her that there had just been an accident there but I didn't know anything about it. She kept saying how uncomfortable she felt and that she really wanted to get out of that room. There was a picture on the wall that had some feathers on it. She made some comment about one of the feathers that was primarily royal blue but had a few white streaks in it. There were a number of people standing there and she kept talking about that feather. I finally said to a couple of people, do you want to hear where I got that feather? A couple of them said yes. I said, One day I was lying on the floor, (I pointed to a doorway between two rooms and indicated that I had been lying in that doorway across the beige carpet), so as you can see the pillowcase was white and the floor was very white. I had been taking a nap. When I woke up the blue feather was there, kind of out of the blue. Where it had come from, especially when everything around me was white, I have no idea. Uncle A was standing next to me and said something about that being very spooky. Now it became even spookier to me because this woman had something, told us some story about the significance of that feather. I'm wondering if someone was injured as a result of that accident.