I was driving around my mother's hometown. Like I always do in my dreams where I'm driving around my mother's hometown, I drove by Aunt P and Aunt H's house. I saw two of my cousins children. I think it was Debbie Wo and Susan W's children. They were outside the house. I had driven by the front of their house, the house was on my left. I turned left to the left side of the house. I thought since Susan W and whoever she was with wouldn't expect to see me in my mother's hometown they probably wouldn't recognize that it was me in the car. I decided not to wave and just go on by. Now I see them in this very run down apartment complex. There was a very narrow staircase on the outside of the building to the front door. This place is a mess. I think Debbie Wo and Susan W or one of them are thinking about moving in there. I think they are both single - never married and no children. I went into the apartment. There was an elderly man sitting in a rocking chair. I can't remember who else is in the apartment with me. He was a heavyset man with gray hair, tousled. I'm hearing or being told or realizing that Linda W and Dick W are separated. I keep thinking how difficult it must be for Dick W to be asked to leave his home after so many years of marriage. He is really struggling with this because he didn't want the separation. Now it seems that maybe it's him that's living in this place. Maybe this old man is Dick W. Now I'm living in this apartment complex or whatever it is. The master bedroom is very much like my waking life bedroom as far as where it is in the apartment and size and such. One day I came home, now it's a two-story townhouse just like I have in waking life, I open the door and shut off the alarm. I hear a loud noise upstairs. I'm sure there must be someone up there so I'm very frightened. I stand there for a couple of seconds and call out, Hello? Hello? I'm thinking that whoever is up there will leave, though I don't know how they could leave without going by me since they are on the second floor, or they'll answer me. Nobody answered me. I didn't hear anymore noise. I finally got up the courage to go upstairs and don't see anyone or anything. I don't know now what caused the noise and wonder if it was just my imagination. A little later I noticed that both of the windows in the master bedroom are open about 6 inches or so and the blinds are open about that far also. I'm so sure that I did not have them open. Now I know that someone was in my apartment, even though I had the alarm set. Then I'm thinking that I need to call the apartment office to see if someone from maintenance had been there. First I go to the window to close them and lower the blinds. But the blinds seem to be broken on both windows. When I turn around I realize that all of my CD's and DVD's, maybe ten of each, are all gone. I had kept them on a lower shelf of the TV stand though I don't in waking life. The blinds aren't broken but the cords had been cut. That's when I realized that someone had broken in through those windows, stolen by CD's and DVD's and that's all they got. That's what I heard earlier when I came in, them getting back out. In waking life I noticed this past summer that I can have those two windows open and still set the alarm. So I thought maybe someone could break into those two windows without setting off the alarm. I think I reported it to the police. I went back home and had a pile of forms or papers that had names and phone numbers. I decided to go through it to see if there was anything there that would help me to identify who had broken in. I found this one with a phone number that was just one digit off from another number that I had. I showed it to someone else that was with me in the apartment. I said, This is who it was. For whatever reason, I had identified that it was this person because of that phone number that was off just one digit. Like instead of it being 2226 it was 2262. They just rearranged those digits to be able to break in. Anyway, I told the police about it. They told me that was good kind of investigative work that I had thought of that, found it, and identified it. It turns out that this person lives in this same complex. Then I'm overhearing Susan W talk to this older woman who lives there in the complex as well. They are outside talking. The older woman said something about leaving to go to the store. I go up to her and say, You have to be careful. You can't be outside talking out loud about where you're going or when. I told her that my apartment had been broken into and that it had been someone who lived in the complex. They obviously had been paying enough attention to my comings and goings that they realized that every Wednesday morning I go to work.