I was in a hotel along a beach. I had opened the sliding glass door and stepped out. I realized that I had stepped out onto an enclosed balcony that had maybe two other doors, one to the right that would prevent people from the room adjoining room from walking across your balcony and there was a door to the front that gave you access to the beach. On the left there was another hotel room but that end was not closed off. Both of these doors on the balcony were open and I had left the sliding glass door to my room open. There were some children playing and they had kicked a ball into my room. A little girl with blonde hair ran into my room to get it. She looked around my room for something else. I told her she needed to go because I needed to go back inside and get ready to go out. I went out to the other part of the hotel. It was packed with people. I was on my way someplace and had to step aside because a group of people were coming out of the restaurant towards a meeting room. As I was standing there a few of them recognized me. They were very excited to see me. They hugged me. They were both male and female. I recognized them as a DCC class that I started with as a Graduate Assistant and then realized that I just could not manage the time and had to back out of my commitment. I said to them, Unfortunately I recognize the faces but don't recall the names. I'm so sorry for that. They just laughed and were really glad to see me. As they were walking by they each hugged me. As I was hugging each of them I was congratulating them because they were there for their graduation. I remembered one name so as I hugged him I said, Congratulations Mike Mu. You're the one class member whose name I remember. But don't tell anyone else. He said, Oh. He was flattered that I had remembered his name. The oh was kind of like oh shoot. I can't tell anyone that you remembered my name? I didn't get to hug all of them. They went into their room. I went in also. They were trying to get ready for graduation. I had my hand in the air and waved at some of the others and softly saying congratulations. They were getting seated. There was a lot of equipment around. Maybe someone was videotaping or maybe it was a sound system. I happened to have my camera and tripod there. There were a couple of students that had their point and shoot cameras. I told them I would be happy to take some pictures for them. They said that would be great. While they were setting up I was getting my camera set up. I was going back and forth across the room. I got my camera out and then realized that I needed something from my bag on the other side of the room. This happened several times. It was challenging each time because there wasn't much room to walk between the back row of chairs and the back wall. Each time I was struggling to get by or asking people to scoot their chair up so I could get by. I went up along the left side of the room because Harry B was the instructor and was sitting in the front row. I went up to get his attention to say hello and let him know that I was there. He said hello and that he was happy to see me. He made a teasing, yet serious, remark about the fact that I had not kept my commitment. Somebody was questioning my ability to take pictures. I told them I was just a beginning photographer but that I had done a few photo shoots.