I met my future husband last night. His name is Sal [unknown in waking life]. I had my laptop sitting on my bedside table and it was connected to the internet. I started chatting with him online, though I don't know who contacted who or how we found each other. Online he called himself Sal CEO. Our first interactions were fun and playful. Within a few hours he had arrived at my house to meet me. He is fairly tall, has reddish brown short hair, wears glasses and medium build. He is a very nice man, and fun to be with. I was sharing a home with Darren and with Maureen U from the sleep center. They were married and lived primarily on the first floor of this home. Sal and I wanted some time alone to get to know each other but he was very nice about the fact that Darren and Maureen U were there. They were each dealing with some kind of problem in their life, each separately, and he was being very kind in allowing me to do what I needed to do for them. We were both engaging in conversation with each of them about whatever it was they were each dealing with. He noticed a bumper pool table across the room and suggested we play. I told him I didn't know how and he would have to teach me. I went over to the table and realized that there was a piece missing or something and told him we couldn't play because of this. He suggested another game that the four of us could play. We were preparing to do that. I noticed how dirty the tile floor was. It was covered in black footprints. I said something to Darren and Maureen U about it, almost scolding them, telling them that they could be a bit more conscientious about taking care of my home since I had agreed to let them stay there temporarily. I lived primarily upstairs while they were staying here, but shared some rooms of this floor. That's why Sal and I were down there instead of going upstairs. While we were getting ready to play this game Sal and I found ourselves alone in a room for a few seconds and he gave me a quick kiss on the lips. I could tell by the look in his eyes that he was going to do that before he did. It was nice. It was especially nice because it affirmed to me that he was enjoying being with me.