I went over to Lakeland Dr to the old house there. I saw a woman in the living room, feeding a baby. She had another child that was a little bit older - maybe 5 or 6 years old, a girl. The room was pretty messy. There was a screen door. The door was open so I walked up to the screen door and I asked if I could step inside for a second. She said okay. I could tell she was a little hesitant because she didn't know me or why I was there. I stepped inside and said, My name is Anna. I used to live here. You don't know me obviously. I wondered if I could just walk through the house. She said it wasn't a very good time that they really hadn't even closed on the house yet. I said that was fine, that I understood. I put my hand on my chest and was fighting back tears. I said that it was okay and that maybe I could come back another time. I left. As I got to the front sidewalk another woman came out. She was the owner of the house - that was selling the house. We talked a little bit. I introduced myself and told her the same thing - that I used to live there and that I really just wanted to walk through the house. Her husband came out. We were all looking down the street and talking. They said that they had had trouble selling it and ended up selling it for less than they had hoped. I said I had the same problem. I was divorced. Actually, what I said is that we were going through a divorce so I just had to sell it. I told them the neighbors had gotten upset with me because I sold it as low as I did, but that I really didn't have much choice because I had to sell it and move. We had a nice talk. They both gave me their business cards and in fact the woman gave me two of them. She had two different business cards. They told me to give them a call in a few days and they would see if they could arrange for me to come over and walk through the house. There was a third person there but I don't know who she was or what her connection was to all of this. Now I'm standing at this outdoor sink. There's an attachment on the sink, kind of like the ones you would pull out to spray and rinse out the sink. I was doing something with that. It wasn't exactly like that though. It was a hose and the end of it looked more like a garden hose. I had put something in the end of it and was thinking about that. It was almost like it had something to do with a penis.