I and some family members were standing outside a home. I was standing outside a car. I think Aunt P and Aunt H were in the car. Someone was shooting at me. I think there may have been other family members in the car as well. I think later in the same dream we were in the house. Maybe it was a Harris reunion. A lot of people were spending the night. I'm not sure where we were. I think we were at my house. Alan K and Jean K were going to share my bed. Jean K was going to sleep in the middle. At one point I woke up in the dream and - that was when I woke up from this dream where someone had been shooting at me. When I woke up Jean K was awake. I said something to her. She was telling me that she had just had a dream in which either someone was shooting at me or she was shooting at me. I said, Oh. You've got to be kidding. I just had a dream that you were in that someone was shooting at me and that Aunt P and Aunt H were in the car I think. There was also something about Linda W and Dick W but I don't know what. We were going back to sleep but now Alan K was sleeping in the middle instead of Jean K. I was trying to get comfortable. They had moved so that I was right on the edge of the bed. I moved as much as I could but finally told them that I was about to fall off the edge of the bed. Jean K said to Alan K, Alan K. She's about to fall off the edge of the bed. But they didn't move. I tried to push against them to get them to move but they still wouldn't. I think Jean K got up now. I pushed against Alan K again and said, You have got to move over! I think he finally did move over. Then Larry K came in. He was alone. He was talking to us a little bit. He took his shirt off and was going to get in bed with us. I said, Oh no. I am not sleeping between the two of you. I'll get squished. Larry still got in bed on the other side of me. I said, I guess I'll sleep on top of the two of you because I'm not sleeping between you. So I was lying kind of on top of the two of them. They were both lying on their left sides. I think I was mostly lying on Larry K's back. I was noticing how much hair they both had on their backs. I usually think that is kind of gross but for some reason theirs didn't bother me that much. Maybe because it was lighter or not that thick. It was kind of curly. There was something about when Jean K told me she had that dream about it being the third time.