Matthew and I were living in the condo. He seemed to be his current age yet he also seemed to be living at home rather than away at college. I was sleeping upstairs in the loft. I was frightened but I'm not sure why. Then I heard this loud noise downstairs. I got up the courage to go the railing. I leaned over the railing a bit and tried to call out for Darren. I thought to myself that this was typical of a dream - that I wanted to call out when frightened but couldn't. After a couple of tries I was finally able to say, Darren, is that you? He answered and said that it was. I went downstairs and said something to him about scaring me like that, especially when I was already scared. Now I was sleeping downstairs on a sofa. I got up to use the bathroom. There was a half bath on the first floor under the loft. I opened the door and saw how close the toilet was to the door. The toilet and the sink were sitting side-by-side and the front edge of the toilet was just inches from the bathroom door. I said I had forgotten how tight the space was in the bathroom and decided to go upstairs and use that bathroom. I went through the master bedroom to go into that bathroom. While I was using it Matthew came in the other door and got something and left again. He noticed I was in there but didn't seem to notice that I was using the toilet. He came in again and this time I had something to him like, ahem, Matthew? Some privacy here? He just kind of half-grinned, apologized, and left. After I was done using the toilet I went out into the master bedroom again. It was full of Darren's stuff. It seems that he stayed there occasionally and I was allowing him to have that bedroom as his for the times when he stayed there. Maybe it was to somewhat compensate for my ending our marriage. I was looking at the mess though. His bed was unmade. He had boxes and piles of clothes and stuff everywhere. You could hardly walk in there. I noticed that he still had the dresser from the bedroom set we bought when we got married. But then I realized that he had several low and tall dressers in there. I was thinking that I was going to switch with him and take the master bedroom back. I was wondering if I could get Matthew to help with that move sometime soon. It seemed ridiculous for him to have the master bedroom when he is only there now and then and for me to be sleeping on a sofa downstairs when I live there. I wasn't sure how Darren was going to take it.