Nate, his wife and his mother-in-law stopped by the house (my grandmother Agnes' house). We talked like acquaintances. I was nervous. I started helping with her Christmas cards. My daughter Paulina, was making some books. She asked me to read the instructions. I was knitting. Nate kept being around me and I was nervous for fear that I would give away our relationship. Her mother watched us closely. It was hard to concentrate on what I was doing. Paulina got mad at me because I hadn't listened to her closely enough and she made smaller books. I said, "But they are lovely. I thought that's the size you said." She was appeased. I kept writing addresses on cards. There was a homemade house (miniature) with mice and hamsters in it. There was no cage or screen, just the make of the front kept them in. One of the mice wore a red and white polka dot handkerchief on her head. I commented on the nice workmanship on the house. As I was doing the cards, the mom came to me and asked, "Are you in love with Nate?" I stammered and acted like righteous indignation. I said, "See this house we're in? My Aunt and Uncle have lived here since before I was born." I pointed to the places I used to play. "They've been remodeled haven't they?" asked Nate. It was done up nicely. Where horses and crumbly barns used to be, now there was interior decorator "house beautiful" barns (stone) and lawns. I finished the cards and started to leave. I got my cards and their cards mixed up. I stopped, embarrassed. "Oh, dear," I said, "I forgot to separate them." I did that. Nate hovered near me all the time. At one point, he pinched my arm and I jumped and said, "Don't touch me!" I felt caught. The cards turned into a pile of clothes, the arms of things kept falling and I kept trying to contain the pile. I started walking back to my grandmother's house. I told Nate what she had asked me. I felt she liked me some. There were bramble bushes, gravel, a white goat that eyed my pile of clothes with interest. I struggled to get home. I was almost there. Some watchers commented on me. I had to step on top of tables to get to my destination.