I was in my mother's hometown. It was in the evening, dark outside, and cold. I was walking but I don't know why I was there or where I was walking. Somewhere along my walk I put down my coat, my scarf and my gloves. Later I realized that I had picked up by scarf and gloves but had forgotten my coat. I don't know how that is possible since it was cold outside. I was now in some kind of a store. There were two young women, late teens or early twenties, working in the store. They were putting cards of earrings on a circular earring rack. I had the impression that one of the two women had made at least some of the earrings. I pointed to them and told her those will sell very well, and I was basing that on either having sold a lot of them myself or knowing about a store that sold a lot of them. I had actually ended up in the store by accident and wanted to go through the store to get someplace else. The store was pretty crowded and messy. Now I was carrying something like a plastic laundry basket, oval and very pliable, and it had something in it. I was kind of pushing it together as I saw aisle after aisle crowded with stuff and thinking if I squeezed the basket together I could get through the aisle but kept avoiding trying. One of the women finally came over to me and pointed out an aisle that was clear. I went down that aisle and out the store. When I had first entered the store the women seemed to not be very nice - as though they didn't want to talk to me. They didn't seem to appreciate what I said about the earrings. After I left I thought of something else and went back and just stuck my head in the door and told them what I was thinking. It was something that I thought was either good advice or another affirmation of something they were doing. This time they seemed much nicer and seemed to appreciate what I had to say - like they were really going to use my advice. After I left the store I came to WHHHS, which is not in town in waking life. Again, I went into the building to go through and try to get to where I was going. I got lost in the school and found someone and asked them how to get to an outer door. When I got to that door there was an older woman there giving another woman directions. After she finished I asked her for directions for where I was going outside the building. She gave me directions and they seemed simple and easy to follow. After walking for a little while I either got lost again or was no longer sure that the directions were correct or that I had heard them correctly. I decided that I would walk to Aunt P and Aunt H's house and ask them to drive me to help me find my coat and my car. I don't know why I wouldn't just ask them to help me find my car and then I could drive around and try to find my coat myself. I came to a place where I couldn't go further as I thought I would be able to. I saw Mother and asked her how to get to Aunt P and Aunt H's house from there. She told me to just down a couple of blocks to Dair, go right on Dair and I would know where I was. I don't know why I didn't ask her to take me, why she was there, why she was outside, or anything like that. As I started walking towards Dair I looked at my watch and saw that it was 8:40 p.m. I knew I had to hurry because I didn't want to be knocking at their door after 9 p.m., especially if I wanted them to drive me somewhere at that hour. I began to run the few blocks to Dair Ave. When I turned right on Dair I found myself going through buildings again. It seemed that I was going through a private office, or maybe the office of a little hotel. The only other thing I remember is thinking that it might have been better to just call Jean K and ask her to come and get me and take me to find my car - and maybe my coat.