I was working at the CAS office. I had just come in for the day. I is typical for me in waking life I asked Bill C what his schedule was for the day and let him know that I thought we needed some work time and some time to talk to him about me and CAS. As the day progressed he seemed to be very busy. Like going from one place to the next - went on an appointment, came back, left for another appointment, etc. I had gone in Bill Cro's office a couple of times and there was stuff everywhere, all over the table, underneath the table. The rest of the time taking things in there. Setting them in there. I can't remember what some of them were. I went out. When I came back I saw the office door, there was something like mosquito netting hanging off the door. I went over and looked in and Bill C was in there meeting with the other two men and hadn't waited for me. I was so upset. I walked over and saw that Blair K had as well. Then I really become even more upset. Bill Cro and Blair K got up and walked out. Evidently Bill C was not including them so they felt it was wasting their time. Bill C looked up and realized what he was doing. He got up and came out of the office. Bill Cro and Blair K had issues about me not being there. I was now sitting at the front desk and Bill C was talking to three people standing there. They wanted to schedule their next meeting and Bill C said I could take care of that. I was thinking that here he was treating me like a secretary again. I went back into my office and was trying to clean some things up, return some calls, etc. I wondered how Bill C could not recognize how well I'm doing and see how easy it is to ____. There was something all over the floor that I was trying to clean up. I don't know what it was. There was a woman there and it was her last day at work so there was a party. I was trying to get something into her office and out of the way. It seems that there was an open window between her office and the rest of the office. Her and I had a very brief discussion. She asked me if I could find a file that I had asked her to try to find earlier. I ran into a compute problem, something with the printer. I was trying to cancel printing but it wouldn't stop. I was holding it in the air. Dottie E [unknown in waking life] came in and got the regular printer to stop but the thing in my hand was still going. I asked her about getting it to stop and she just walked out without answering me. I went back out into the office. Bill C was there again and getting ready to leave. I said something to him about meeting with him. He said, well, we have about 45 minutes before I have to leave. I asked him if he was coming back and he said he hoped not but he probably would. He didn't say anything but I could tell by the look on his face that he realized I still wanted to talk to him. I think he was trying to avoid it. I think I finally said something and he said we could do something right now and that he thought we could get done. I was thinking that we didn't have that much time, he's in a rush, he doesn't want to have the conversation, do I really want to have it now in these circumstances or do I want to let it go again and let it keep eating at me?