I was getting married. I don't know who the groom was. I don't know where we were getting married. I was running out of time but there was still a lot to be done. I was supposed to set up chairs or rearrange seats in the church. I had not had a shower yet. I was going to take my shower and get ready and then go set up the chairs. It was 4:45 and the wedding was supposed to start at 6 pm. I was getting panicky. Someone was using my shower. Someone else told me that I could go to a friend's apartment and take a shower there. I went there and started getting undressed when I realized that all of the walls were windows. Even though they were opaque people could still see in. I was trying to find furniture that I could duck behind so people couldn't see me getting undressed. The apartment was very close to the street so there were people walking by. I was taking some newspaper. I think I was only naked from the waist down. I was trying to cover my breasts so people couldn't see them. I think BJ was with me. She was pushing buttons on the wall that were supposed to lower some window shades. There was a woman standing outside and saw us putting the shades down. She signaled to BJ not to do that. I think BJ must have signaled back to her. When she got the idea what we were doing and why she was okay with it. We got the windows covered. BJ told me to go ahead and start taking my shower. She was going to go get my toiletries. The shower was circular, on a platform and very, very large. It looked like a circular stage. The shower head was in the ceiling. There was a shower curtain that pulled around it. I hadn't turned the water on yet. The person who lived in the apartment was standing there now. She said something to me so I stepped out a little bit from around the shower curtain. BJ showed up with my toiletries and stuff. Jody S, Kim H, and Matthew were all there now too. I was trying to get started taking my shower and Kim H wanted to take some pictures of BJ. She got in my way so that was postponing me again from taking my shower.