I saw John Cusack, the actor. There were maybe three other men. I was working for Gary S. There was some thought or discussion about our past relationship. I was thinking that I knew better than to do that again, especially now that we are working together. Him, these three men and myself were trying to get more information about something wrong or bad that was going on in some bar or restaurant. I think we set up kind of a sting so we could go in and catch the culprits. Gary S was going to be the target. The rest of us were just going to be in the bar watching. When the bad men made their move we could move in on them. I don't know what we were actually going to do. I think it was a bar but it was very well lit. It seemed to be in the middle of the day. We all went in at separate times so no one would know we were together. When I went in I walked around looking for a seat next to one of the men I was with for safety, but I couldn't find one. I walked out and came back in and finally spotted one. I went up and acted like I didn't know him and asked if I could sit in the seat next to him. There was another man on the other side of the empty seat and there was very little room. I had to squeeze myself in between them to sit down. My arms were against each of them. I don't know that anything that we expected to happen actually happened. I think the place emptied out but I don't know why. Now I think there is another woman with us. We were all standing and something started to happen that felt somewhat like an earthquake but not really. We knew that wasn't what was happening. We all huddled together and were holding onto each other tightly so we wouldn't get separated. I was standing and I was looking at the floor. It started changing colors and the colors were swirling. I realized that time was changing. As soon as it quit, I guess I must have closed my eyes, I opened my eyes and saw that we were now in a diner - kind of a 50's diner. We were all dressed alike, in white uniforms, with a kind of red string tie around the collars of our shirts. I said that we were working in a diner now. Apparently the diner was just getting ready to open because there were no customers in there. I think the woman was with me but I think there were also people in there that weren't part of our group. One of the women who was working sat down at one of the booths and started looking at the menu. Each table had a menu laying on it. Customers started to come in. I walked over to the door at one point and pushed it open - the door opened out. I welcomed them and told them to have a seat, that someone would be right with them. It seems like it was dark outside now. The surroundings seem to have changed again but I don't know how or to exactly what. I was looking around and decided to look outside. When I went to look outside the door closed behind me and I couldn't get back in. I realized that the time had changed again. I got a bit frantic to be separated from my group. I was running around the building trying to find a way in or a way to at least communicate with my group. I found this one little slot. It was a rectangle that was maybe 12 by 18 inches. It had a kind of door on it that opened up. When I opened it there was another, and another, and so on. I don't think I ever got to the last one. They were made of different styles and materials. One was almost like leather with a leather pull strap. I thought I would be able to open it and call inside to my group to let me in or to help me. I ran a little further and found the door that we had gone in originally. I was relieved but when I tried to go in I found the door was locked so I still couldn't get in. I turned around and there was a man standing in front of a car looking at me. I could tell I was in trouble. He had an evil grin on his face. He stood there for a minute and then he started walking toward me.