I'm at home in my bedroom. I realized that my bedroom windows were open. When I got up to close them I realized that they were open because someone had broken in. My first thought that it had happened earlier and it didn't even occur to me that someone might still be in the house. I thought they had come and gone before I got home. I closed the window on the right side of my bed, noticing that the blinds were damaged. I went to the other window and tried to close it but it wouldn't stay closed. It kept rising back up. I kept pushing it down thinking I could get it to stay closed. Then I noticed how damaged the blinds were. They were very damaged and I couldn't do anything with them. People would be able to see in. I wasn't dressed because I don't wear anything to bed. I was ducking behind the curtain while I was trying to do something with the window. I pulled the curtains across the window, together, but realized I couldn't get them to stay there either. They looked different than they do in waking life. I was pulling one all the way across the window thinking that maybe I could get it to say behind the bed. That didn't work. Then it started to rain, freezing rain. Then I decided to go get something to sit on top of the window pane, so if I pushed the window pane all the way down and sat something heavy on it, it would stay down. I thought of something that I could use and it was in Matthew's room. As I headed into Matthew's room I realized that the TV was on, that something must have messed with the power to cause the TV to come on by itself. Then I realized that the other TV's in the house were on. I was trying to find a light that I could turn on. I thought there was a table lamp on a high dresser. There was all kinds of stuff sitting in front of it. I was being very careful but I ended up turning on some kind of large toy instead of a lamp. Then I was reaching much lower to the other side of me and I accidentally turned on another toy. I went to his closet and found my Ti Ping (don't remember the name) balls that are used for relaxation. They were in their box so I took those thinking they would be heavy enough. I pulled the window down in my room again, sat them on the top, and the window went right back up because they weren't heavy enough. Then I thought about my weights. So I went and got all four of my weights. At first I sat the smaller ones toward the center. I realized that the right and left sides of the window were sloped so I wouldn't be able to get the larger weights to sit there. So I put the heavier weights on the center. That still wouldn't work. The window was still open and the freezing rain was still coming in. I messed with the blinds again and tried to twist the wand to close them. I thought maybe if I could do that I could get them to straighten out. The wand was turning very hard. I was having a very difficult time trying to turn it. Then I started messing with the curtains again trying to get them to close and stay closed. I thought maybe I could put a chair in front of the window against the curtains to hold them in place. I was trying to decide, I thought about calling emergency maintenance and telling them that my window was open. I hated to bother them in the middle of the night. But I thought with the freezing rain it should be okay to call them but I still didn't want to bother them so I didn't call. Then for some reason I decided to go downstairs. As I went downstairs I heard some noise. It was kind of a hissing sound. As I was walking around I noticed that a window was partially open. I realized that it must have been from whoever had broken in. I closed it and was looking around again. I don't know what I was doing again. Then I noticed that the patio door was open. I thought that was strange because I was almost sure that it hadn't been open a minute before. I closed it and then I heard a window open. Now I really got frightened. I headed towards the front door though I don't know why or what I was going to do. Then I saw someone in the kitchen. I grabbed a very thin rope. I started yelling, Go away. Go away. Then Tim U came out of the kitchen. I didn't know what to think at first because it was Tim U, who used to be a maintenance man in my community. Before I could say anything or ask him what he was doing there he held up something that looked kind of jumper cables. I could tell that he was the one who had broken in and that he was there to rape me. He was saying in a very high-pitched sarcastic voice, don't hurt me. Don't hurt me. He intended to tie me up with these jumper cables and then rape me. Somehow I realized that he had done this to other women and that when things went wrong he either hurt them very badly - physically, or maybe even killed them. I was looking at him very intently. I was thinking that as soon as this is over and he is gone I'm going to report it and I'll be able to tell them exactly who did it. I was thinking about what I could have done differently. If I would keep my car keys on the front table maybe I could have grabbed them and gotten out the front door and gotten away. Where would I go? I thought I could have gone to a gas station but he might have followed me and could grab me outside the station. I wouldn't want to go in the station and put the employee(s) there in danger. I wouldn't want to drive all the way to my parents house, though I don't think he would have followed me that far. I realized that I don't know where a police station is in the city where I live. That alone scared me. Then I thought I could go to a fire station. But where is the closest fire station? I know where some of them are but I don't know which one is closest. But I could pull up to a fire station and blow my horn. There would be fire fighters there 24/7 so they would hear my horn and come out to help me. Now I started thinking about what I needed to do. I decided that I need to go to the office and found out where Tim Uis now because I know he doesn't work here anymore. I knew that I had seen him enough that I could give the police a good description and I could tell them definitely who it was.