I can't decide if what I was doing was for school or for pleasure. I was in an historic home. I was there with other people that I knew. Supposedly the house was haunted by a former female owner of the house. During the visit we all went into one room for a kind of class. We had to go which makes me think it was for school. There was something about women had died in this room before when some certain thing occurs. I was sitting in the room listening to the lecture. The woman giving the lecture was dressed in period clothing but I can't tell you what period it was. She was talking to us as though she was this woman who continues to haunt the home. I was sitting there thinking that every time I am in that room I get a really sore throat. I thought it was related to this ghost but I don't know why. As the lecture continued she was talking about her ability to create bubbles or something out of this tube of liquid. We all had clear glass tubes with blue liquid in them. The tube was actually six-sided. I was holding mine between my legs but I don't know why. I think it had something to do with my not wanting to influence it with my hands. As the lecturer was talking I was watching the liquid in my tube and I realized that I was the one that was. It was like she was trying to blow a bubble out of this liquid. That the liquid would rise to the edge of the tube and then form a bubble on the top outside of the tube. While she was trying to do whatever it was I was watching the liquid in my tube rise and still hoping that I wasn't the one she had chosen because that meant that I was the one that was going to die if this legend continued of women dying in this home at the hands of this ghost. As the liquid rose it started seeping out of the tube onto something on my leg that was round but it had grooves in it almost like flower petals or a starfish, kind of like spokes coming out from the center of the circle. The blue liquid would ooze out and was filling these indentations in this round circular thing. Then it didn't ooze out from there. Somehow the liquid stayed contained in the grooves of this circle even though there were no edges on it to prevent the liquid from seeping out. The woman who was presenting the lecture and posing as the ghost approached me. We were talking about this circle thing on my leg. She was touching it and was trying to assure me that I was not going to be the next one to die as a result of this. After the lecture was over we were in another part of the house and we were still discussing it. Again I noticed a sore throat. There were other people that we were talking to in the house.