I was walking up to the inside of the front door of my home. I was walking very slow because I was kind of afraid to look out the peep hole for fear that whoever was out there might be able to see me inside. When I looked out I saw it was Darren. His face looked really big like when you see something in a convex mirror. I said, Darren? Is that you? He shook his head yes. I reached up and put the chain on the door before I opened it just in case it wasn't him. When I opened it I could tell it really was him. He had his wallet out and took out a $50 bill and handed it to me. I took it and told him to wait a minute. I closed the door so I could take the chain off and open the door all the way. He backed up and I stayed up and thanked him and asked him something else. I also told him that I had written the Dept of Revenue about the title to that car, explaining the situation to them. I got a response from them just telling me that there was no lean on the car that I just needed to send them the title and they would send me a corrected title back. I asked him to please mail the title to me. I also told him that I sent him an email and guessed that he had just not had a chance to read it yet. That's when I explained to him about the letters. He said he would also send me something else but I don't know what that was. While I was out there talking to him Matthew came to the top of the stairs and called me. He was very little, maybe only three years. He said, Mommy. Mommy. I said, Just a minute Matthew. As I tried to wrap up my conversation with Darren I was thinking that I needed to go in and see what was going on with Matthew. I was thinking that I needed to tell Darren that. When I did go in I remembered that Brian F had been here and had changed our steps. We had wanted steps going into the basement, which I don't have in waking life. So to do that he had to take the steps upstairs and replace them with steps downstairs. He replaced the stairs going up with a pull-down ladder that you use for attics. I realized that was why Matthew hadn't come down, because he didn't know how to come down now. I pulled the ladder down and was really scared about using it. It was a very long way down to the basement and it was pitch black dark. Even in the best conditions I would have been afraid of going up that ladder. There were no rails to hold on to. I got to the top and I realized that I had to step over to the floor where Matthew was. The ladder was kind of swinging now so it became extra dangerous and scary. I did manage to get over there. Then I started wondering how I would get Matthew down stairs. I couldn't carry him down that ladder and he certainly can't climb down himself. He was lying in bed right next to the opening. I had put something around his ankles and tied them to the bed so he wouldn't fall through the opening. He got up and stood by the front of the opening when he was calling me. Now he was asleep again. I lay down on my stomach and rested my head on his stomach. That woke him up. I was really panicking about how I was going to get Matthew downstairs. I am back on the first floor thinking how these steps are not going to work, that I'm not going to be able to get Matthew down. I need to call Brian F and see if he can come back and see if he can just make the steps narrower and just have steps going up and down so I could go up like I use to. When I went up the ladder there was very little room between the ladder and the roof. It looks more like an attic than the second floor.