I had met some women. I don't remember. I think we talked about CAS. I had intended to contact a couple of our female clients who with a couple of other professional women who were prospects for our training. I had intended to contact one of them named Colleen [unknown in waking life], at a future time. They both worked for the same company. I was back at the office and there were various things going on in our training room. It looked more like a conference room. It had two large oval tables that sat perpendicular to each other but one end of each was next to the other. These women showed up, all five of them, and wanted to talk with me - actually Colleen just started talking immediately about why she was there. I asked her if she could hold on for just a second. I wanted to go see if we could go in the training room and sit down and talk. I headed in there because I knew Bill C was in there working. I wanted to see if he would mind going into another room so I could take these women in there to talk. As I went in to ask him the women all just followed me instead of waiting for me as I had asked. They just went in and sat down. I could tell Bill C was kind of upset. There was also a sofa sitting along one of the walls of this room. I went ahead and sat down and started talking with them. I don't remember, but I may have asked Bill C if he wanted to join us. I went ahead and sat down and started talking with them. Bill C sat on the sofa in a fetal position. He was wearing a hairpiece, that was fairly long - not below the ears, messy, black. There was something going on with him. I suspected that he had been drinking. I looked at him and said, Bill C, you really don't need to be here. If you have someplace else you need to be that's fine. He mumbled something, got up and left. I was relieved that he did. My meeting went very well. We ended the meeting with the agreement that I would do a proposal and take it to Colleen. I am back at the office and Bill C is back but he is now with several other people. It appears that he is either sober now or trying to sober up and one of the people in particular that he is with at the office is the person he calls whenever he starts drinking again. I went in the room with him once and someone was either saying something directly to me about not being there or I felt like I shouldn't be there or maybe someone was just suggesting that I not be there. I went in and started talking to Bill C and that actually made it feel that it was a good thing that I was there. I think maybe I left that room and Jane C was there.