It was 9 am and I was on my way someplace from home. I'm not sure where I was headed. I'm thinking maybe to the CAS office because it seems that Bruce U, from maintenance there, is with me. In fact, I let him drive. I was stopping by the apartment office so he just pulled up perpendicular to the guest parking spaces by the office rather than pulling into a parking space. He pulled across the end of two of them. He got out and I got into the driver's seat and pulled into a parking space. He jumps up. I apologized and said I was afraid I would be in the office too long and didn't want to be sitting out there in the street like that and blocking two parking spaces and such. He walked off but I don't know why or where he went. As I was walking into the office there was another black man walking alongside me. I don't know who he was or why he was there. I had a sense that he worked for the apartment community. Maybe he was one of the maintenance men there. I struck up a casual conversation with him, asking him how things were going and such. I went to the door of the apartment office and I realized that they weren't open yet but I was just going to wait. For some reason I wasn't realizing just how long I would have to wait. Pretty soon someone comes to the door and said since they were already there they would let me come inside and wait. I went inside. The office looked much different than in waking life. there was a long hallway directly in front of you. There were offices to either side. I was walking down this hallway trying to figure out where I should wait because there were nothing but offices with a couple of chairs by each desk. I get all the way to the back and there is someone back there - it's the woman that let me in. She looked at me quizzically. I told her I was trying to figure out where I should sit to wait. I don't remember her reply but she did ask me why I was there. I think I told her that I was there to pay the rent - whatever it was for I had a check to give to someone who was expecting it. She found something for me so she was giving that to me, telling me what it was. She decided to go ahead and take the check I had and take care of that for me. Because it was only going to take a few seconds. It turned out to take longer but she still went ahead and did it. She was making casual conversation, being very nice. She said something about this kind of thing occurring - like people asking them to let them in early or take care of things early. I told her that I try to be very careful about doing that because I know it can be an imposition. I know people take advantage when you are nice enough to do it once. I don't know that I actually said it to her but it was more like I was reminding myself that she did this for me and that I did not want to take advantage by asking her to do this for me in the future or expect her to do it for me in the future. There was also something about Bev and BJ but I don't know what it was.