Some of the family was at Brian F's. We had finished making his draperies. BJ and I were sitting at the kitchen table with Jason S. He started saying that he was there on Brian F's behalf about paying us. In waking life there was no agreement with Brian F to pay us. He didn't pay us. Jason S was going to try to renegotiate with us so Brian F wouldn't be paying us as much. BJ started to object and I stood up and, Jason S and I were sitting at opposite ends of the table and BJ was to my right, I leaned across the table. I leaned one hand on the table and with my right hand I was pointing a finger at Jason S. I didn't raise my voice but I was extremely stern in saying things like, Now just wait a minute here. Our agreement with Brian F, Jason S starts shaking his head no, and I said, Wait! You listen to me. He kept shaking his head. I said, Jason S. You look at me and you listen to me. His face got really serious. I said, I told Brian F before we ever started this that those draperies would cost him $1500 a window if he were to buy them custom-made retail from WDF. I told him then that the only way I was going to help him make these is if he paid us $7.50 an hour. I was thinking in my head that he did not realize how many hours it would take even though I tried to warn him - and I did underestimate how many hours it would take. Brian F came out at that point and asked what was going on. At some point I could see that BJ was really upset and starting to cry because she was really counting on that money. To me it wasn't as much about the money as it was about Brian F keeping his word. I told Brian F what was going on. At this point Jason S had tears in his eyes too. I felt bad now and Brian F said that he had no intention of renegotiating. We had an agreement and that's what I intend to pay you. Now I am outside. BJ is outside. Jody S is there. I hugged Jody S, as it was the first time I saw her that day. As I was hugging her I told her that I upset Jason S. I didn't tell her that I made him cry. Somebody said something to Jody S about Jason S wanting to renegotiate our agreement with Brian F.