I was on my way someplace to give a presentation or workshop. I was driving a semi. I had gotten off at the exit ramp and stopped. There was a man standing in the exit ramping, actually pacing back and forth across the ramp. I got out of my truck and approached him. I don't think I actually talked to him. I think he was speaking with someone else. I went to figure out what was going on. As I did I realized that he was also driving a semi and his truck had broken down and was blocking the ramp so I couldn't go anywhere. I went and got back in my truck. Just as I did I saw him starting to pull his truck out of the way. There was enough of an opening that I could get by. I started to go through. As I did I realized that he was starting to roll backwards. I really burned it, giving it all the gas I could before he rolled into me. I was concerned and had it floored trying to get out of there but I wasn't panicked. I did make it. Now I am walking through a field and realize that there was another turn or something after I got off the ramp, that I missed to get to where I was going. I was walking through this field and there were a lot of people in this field working. One of the people in charge was a woman. I approached her and told her that I must have missed a turn. I told her where I wanted to go. She pointed and told me how to get there. I turned around and started walking back out of this field. There were a lot of people working there. They were all men except this one woman who was in charge with another man. As I'm walking out of the field, they are spraying things. I'm trying not to say anything or complain because it's my own fault that I'm there. But whatever it is that they're spraying it's hitting me a little bit and I'm trying not to be concerned about it. But I don't think it was just water so I was concerned. I also don't think it was a dangerous chemical. I was just concerned about it messing up my clothes or my hair, or how I was going to look when I got there to make the presentation. I walked into the place that was waiting for me. I tell them a little bit about what happened and that all of my stuff is in the truck and I had planned on getting cleaned up and getting ready when I got there. One of the things that was It was a couple of women that I was talking to. I don't know why but the topic of hair color came up and I had this little bitty thing, it was about the size of an ear plug, that was hair color. I also had one ear plug. One of the women suggested that this other woman could go ahead and help me color my hair since I had that with me. So she took me back to this other room and I had on my black shell top. She asked me if I needed to change and I said no, that I thought I would fine. I thought the way the top was cut it wouldn't be a problem. But I questioned to myself whether or not I really wanted to take that chance - of ruining my top.