I was working at PUI. After work, around 4 or 5 pm, I left to go to a computer class on campus. I had not trouble finding the class. It was a short walk. There were a lot of people. It was a very large room. When I got ready to leave I grabbed my backpack and briefcase and left. I went out into another area of the building. It was a big common area divided into sub areas by furnishings and such. There were seating areas, refreshment areas and such. I was on my way to my car and reached for my purse to pull out my car keys. I realized that I didn't have my purse with me. I left it sitting in the computer classroom. Now I was confused and wasn't sure how to get back to the classroom. I stopped someone and asked but they weren't able to help me. At first I saw various people going into one area and sitting down to use computers and telephones. It was different ages and genders. I decided I would go ask one of the women. As I got close to them I realized that they were working for a company, making business calls. They were all working for the same company, doing the same thing. I changed my mind about asking one of them for help. I turned and walked away. I was near an elevator and now it was wall-to-wall people all of a sudden. I felt like I was getting run over. It seems that it was all men. I thought I let out a little scream, not very loud, but loud enough that someone could hear me. One man stopped and looked at me. There was another man, he and I just exchanged glances, but seemed like several seconds. Maybe we recognized each other. I finally asked another man if he could please tell me how to get out. I told him what had happened and that I needed to get back to the computer classroom to get my purse. He and another man I think. The one man decided to just go ahead and walk me there. He started practically running up these steps. I told him to wait a minute, that I couldn't go that fast and could not take the steps that fast. I started taking steps two at a time. Then I just quit taking the steps and kind of floated up the steps and caught up with him. When we got to the top of the steps he was extremely winded and muttering under his breath about taking the steps so fast and something else. Then all of a sudden he is gone. Now I am in an area that looks like the lobby of a movie theater. I went up to the counter to ask someone working behind the counter how to get to the classroom. There were a young man and a young woman working. The girl was going to call someone to get help for me. As we were standing there it was as though the building started shifting, it was like the walls and floor were motorized. The place where we were standing all started moving, fairly rapidly. I grabbed on to the counter because I didn't know what was going on. It seemed that the room did this in between movies, like when they were getting ready to let people in for a new movie. Now I was even more lost. I think it happened twice - but the second time I was at a different counter. Somewhere along here I realized that I had stuck my purse inside my briefcase so I did actually have my keys, because I saw my cell phone in there. Now I was just as lost, if not more. I still needed help finding my way to my car.