I was at PLU at the kid's apartment. I had some regular paint that they wanted to borrow. One room of their apartment they had painted the ceiling a bright yellow but they had also put stripes of other colors on it. There were going to do something else. I came back later and saw that they hadn't done it. I was in a car with Matthew. It almost seems that it was a police car. There was tons of traffic and he was cutting through the traffic. There were some people directing traffic, like at intersections. They signaled him on through because they thought he was coming through to help direct the traffic. Actually, I think I was dropping him off someplace. We had both gotten out of the car, and I tried to close my car door and didn't get it closed all the way. He came around and was going to close it for me. I couldn't get it closed tight and I couldn't get it back open. So he came over and got it closed all the way. As I left I decided I was hungry. I pulled into a McDonald's but when I pulled in, I pulled in right between the tables. It was like they were outdoor tables. I realized that it wasn't the place to pull in to get to the parking lot but I couldn't turn around, I couldn't go forward. I had to keep the switch the car back and forth between forward and reverse trying to maneuver myself straight so I could back out easily. I had pulled in because I was going to get breakfast. I saw these partially hidden hamburgers lying on two different tables. One was in front of me to my right and the other was behind me to the left. Neither of them were on buns or had anything else on them. They were each just a plain hamburger patty lying there, partially eaten. I think one of them belonged to Matthew so I was just going to grab it and finish eating it. When I finally got out of there I started driving down the street and thinking about doing a little clothing shopping because there seemed to be sidewalk sales everywhere. I thought maybe I could buy some clothes that were either a little tight or a size smaller than I've been wearing to help motivate me to keep working towards losing more weight.