I was on my way to the CAS office to work. I needed to go to Kinko's on my way in to pick up some printing they had done for us. I was driving across 116th St. As I went through one of the intersections I saw the light turn red above me. Of course, I kept going because I was directly under the light when it turned red. As I got closer to R1 Rd., there were road crews working here and there. I think they were filling potholes. There would be two or three men at each of these different places and traffic was going pretty fast with this construction workers right there. They did not have it marked well so you would even notice them very far ahead. They weren't using orange cones or anything. Some of them were working along the side of the road to my right. Some of them were actually right in the middle of the two lanes. That was very dangerous and I was concerned for their safety, that some of them might get hurt. When I got close to where I would turn in to Kinko's there were construction workers right in the middle of the four lanes of traffic. There was also a big pile of sand right by the entrance to the parking lot. When I went to turn left into the parking lot I am now on foot. There was a lot of traffic so I ran to get across the two lanes. I think it also had been raining. I had on my white girl shoes so I was walking very gingerly so I wouldn't get my feet so wet and because I was walking through this sand. I noticed by this big pile of sand that there were also various shapes and sizes of rocks or stone. Maybe they used them to help fill potholes. I was stepping on them to avoid some of the water puddles. I was walking across the parking lot and I heard someone say something. I turned around to see if they were speaking to me and who it was. It was a woman with long blonde hair. I said, pardon me she repeated herself but I still didn't know what she said, I think I didn't understand her, but I might not have been able to hear her well. I just smiled and nodded yes, pretending that I had heard her. I kept walking. I got across the parking lot to the sidewalk where Kinko's should be but they weren't. That woman was still there so I asked her what happened to Kinko's. The space where they used to be was now a clothing store. She said something like, Well, do you just want to start here? I said, I'm sorry. I needed to go to Kinko's. What happened to them? They used to be right here. She said, Oh. No. She walked around the end of the building. At this point it almost looked as though there was a roof connecting the whole U-shaped shopping center.