I was working in an unusual kind of Coffee Shop. The owner was a woman. The employees were both male and female. I was the newest person on the staff. We all wore costumes as part of the shop atmosphere. They were New Age or Gypsy-look. While we were working the owner said she needed to go check the Bubble Gum Bar. The Bubble Gum Bar was an area outside the building where she had a row of bubble gum machines. People could write a question they wanted advice on and insert it in the bubble gum machine. They would immediately get a piece of bubble gum and then after the owner had answered their question she would somehow get the answer back to them - she didn't do it right then and there so I'm not sure how they got their answers. The machines were set up like drive through bank machines. Inside the coffee shop the questions would come into the building in those same kind of tubes. I wanted her to let me begin answering the questions, or at least to do some of them. She was unsure about my ability to do so. One of the male employees was there and I was getting aggravated at him because he knew that I had already answered 12 of them prior to this and had my responses had been received very well by the coffee shop patrons. He wouldn't say anything to the owner, and I wouldn't either because I knew he was the one who should tell her - for whatever reason. I felt that I would be betraying him if I were to tell her myself. I kept looking at him trying to get him to speak up. Finally he did. She was surprised and then he showed her something that let her know how I did. I told her that because I work as a counselor and spiritual director outside the coffee shop I am well-qualified to work the bubble gum bar. She decided to let me try a few more. I think some of us are lying on mats on the floor talking. This man is kind of rolling around - being childlike and playful maybe? He rolls very close to me and our lips brush. I know he wants to kiss me but is hesitant to so he does this instead. I don't pursue it. Later I went to the Bubble Gum Bar counter inside to pick up the newest questions to answer them. Now there is a female employee who is upset because I get to answer the questions. I explain to her that I work as a counselor and spiritual director and because of that experience I am a good person to do it. The owner tries to make her feel better about this as well. After the owner walks away her and I continue to talk. She tries to convince me that I can trust her. I decide to at least let her read the questions. As we are reading through them I see her handing them to someone else to read. I become very upset that she betrayed my trust. I grab all of the questions and leave. People who drive up to the Bubble Gum Bar can see me at a window and can talk to me there. Justin Bateman drives up in a mini-van. He has several friends with him and two small boys, twins, who are his sons. They are about 4 or 5 years old. Justin is considering submitting a question but leery about doing so. I now tell him what I do for a living besides my work at the coffee bar. I want him to feel more comfortable submitting a question and feeling that he will get a meaningful, helpful response. For some reason all of the adults get out of the minivan and leave the twins in there. The van starts to roll away. I am now in the van but in the backseat and the boys are in the front seat. Justin is talking to them on a cell phone trying to tell one of them to put his foot on the brake, which one of them manages to do. In the meantime I crawled into the front seat, grabbed the steering wheel and got the van out of traffic, got my own foot on the brake, and then put the van into park. Justin shows up and is very grateful - feeling that I have saved his sons lives. I was very humble about it but glad to have been able to help. He now feels much better about submitting his question and having me answer it. There is also now some romantic interest - initiated by him. I'm thinking about it, primarily about the fact that he is so much younger than me but thinking that doesn't necessarily have to be a bad thing. In waking life I have never dated anyone more than a year younger than myself. I had to get back inside the coffee bar. It was late at night and I was the only employee working. A large group of people came in for coffee. They were all together so they were laughing and having a great time. I was going from table to table to get their orders. All of our coffee drinks were unusual and had unusual names. The first table I went to had two women sitting together. They were having trouble deciding. A woman from another table called out to me what she wanted. I started to laughingly tell her that I would have to get what they wanted in order or I would never be able to keep it straight. While I was saying that, some members of the group told her to be nice to me and wait her turn. I was being very playful and goofy, making them laugh, and they were all having a great time. I went to get the orders from several of the members of their group that were on exercise mats on the floor. One of the men, my age or older, was doing yoga stretches. I began to mimic his moves. As I did a back bend I motioned to another that I needed help getting up. I didn't really but I did it playfully. It made them all laugh. The man who was stretching and the other man were saying something. I looked down kind of seductively and said, I can build it. And the man who wasn't stretching said, and he will come. I looked up and said, shame on you, knowing that he intended a sexual connotation. I had the same thought when I said it, but hoped they wouldn't know that, or maybe hoped it would occur to them but that they wouldn't be sure of my intention. I think I said it because I was interested in the man who was doing the stretches. It did seem to pique his interest in me.