I went to Tara S's graduation party. I stopped on my way home from St. Joe. Matthew didn't go with me. It was very awkward. They were having the party in their backyard. Some people were arriving and going to the backyard through the house. I just walked around the side of the house to the backyard. As I got around to the backyard I just stood there for a few minutes just observing. I'm not sure why. Some people were singing happy birthday and laughing because it wasn't a birthday party. Tony S and Dorothy S finally noticed me and came over and said hello and gave me a hug. They acted as though it had not been that long since we had seen each other. Dorothy S sat down and started talking with me. She didn't look pregnant but I got the impression that she was pregnant again. Later she had the baby and the baby was about a year old. Later I am back at the party and other members of my family are there. I had walked up and I think I was going to sit with them. It was now about 10:30 p.m. and I said I needed to go because I'm not used to staying up that late. I heard someone playing music and I asked if that was Tina S and they said yes. Someone said that Tara S had played one instrument and Toni S had played very simple instruments and Tina S had played something that took a lot more to learn. It might have been a clarinet. She was very good. I didn't actually see any of the three girls. They said they were so proud of Tina S's paintings, her artwork. They said something about the one in the entry way was one of hers. I had seen it earlier and I went back in to look at it again. They had it framed. It was fairly large. It reminded me of a page out of a coloring book that had been colored but I'm sure she did it freehand, not colored in someone else's drawing. When I got ready to leave Dorothy S suggested we get together for lunch. I said sure and told her to give me a call. As I was leaving it was now winter and there was snow on the ground. I had a shovel. I think I was going to clear a path. I noticed that there was a car behind me. I moved out of the way and the car just sat there. I waved at him to go on and he seemed to mouth the words, Aren't you going to clear it? I laughed and said no. I could tell by the look on his face that he was very irritated. He backed up and then went forward. Dorothy S came out and I told her what happened and that I couldn't believe he thought I was going to clear the whole road or driveway for him. Then she told me to call some government department and she told me what I should tell them. It was something very odd that I had not heard before. I went ahead and cleared whatever it was that I had intended to clear. It only took me a couple of minutes. I don't like to use the phone and I really don't like to use a cell phone while I'm driving. So I didn't have any intention of making the phone call that Dorothy S had suggested. Whatever it was she said would get this road on their list for the future - so they would clear it better or faster.