I was chair of a committee. I was getting people's names and phone numbers. We were in a nightclub. Some applesauce liquor was poured into my soda. Each member of the committee got a different color liquor. Some tough men, older Mafia types came into the club and complained because there was no entertainment or booze. It was too high brow. I soothed them down. Suddenly, some woman was on stage. Her back was to the audience, doing the bump and grind. There was beer and wine on sale. The place was a seedy joint. I felt badly about the entertainment. I went down the stairs to the dressing room. I put on makeup and an evening dress. I got up there and sang my heart out. They liked it. It was classy. I came back out. The owner was gruff. He was ordering his help around in a mean way. They were pissed at him. There was a commotion at the door. Some blacks were crashing, and the whites got up to leave. It was riot city. I jumped up and said, "Wait. We can all work it out." I ran to the stage. The men grabbed me and started to pick me up and carry me up the stairs. I pleaded, "No please, don't! You'll hurt me! You're all angry; I can do it myself." The men said, "The boss told us we have to. We don't want to, believe me." I started ordering everyone. I told the boss he'd better shape up and treat people nicely and he might get better results. He was shocked and started to argue. I stopped him. He glowered and then agreed. I told the men to carry me to the stage and I'd introduce them to a nice blonde woman, "Sandra," who was rich. They were surprised and then got nice and agreed. They got me up on stage. People were walking out. I got the mike and said, "Wait. You're gonna miss something neat if you leave." I started belting out "I am woman." I pushed the curtain back so I could play to the whole club (arena-like stage). I saw on the left, a red plush banquet set up. No one was there. Everyone started dancing and enjoying themselves. Blacks, whites, men, and women, all together. I was the pivotal peace maker.