I'm in my birth home. I am outside looking at the flowerbeds and maybe watering the flowers. I'm down in the basement and somehow I realize that the house is beginning to lean. I'm having a conversation with someone about this and we're talking about what if anything we need to do about it. With Daddy's health as it is we don't want to get him involved. We want to take care of it for him. I don't know if it is a period of time but it becomes worse. It's not like we feel it beginning to lean or anything but it does become worse so we end up calling someone. The man that we called or the man that comes out is a second choice because the man we wanted either wasn't available or we couldn't get in touch with him. The man that comes out to help is named Mel Gibson. I can't decide if it was just the same name as the actor or if it was actually the actor. He is doing something to I can't picture how this happens, I can only describe it. He does something to start pulling the house. I can picture him placing a tool somewhere high up against some walls. That is somehow supposed to. It almost reminds me of a vice and as he tightens it the walls are supposed to be straightening. At this point the walls of the second floor, at least in this area, it starts to collapse almost like it's falling to the side. It's not falling apart or collapsing like a house of cards. It's all moving. All the walls of the second floor are falling to one side to the point that no one can even stand on the second floor anymore. I think someone is trapped there. Not hurt though. I slither up the floor in one room on my stomach to grab something I'm afraid of losing or getting crushed or lost. As I get back out he is able to get the walls back upright and then this other person gets out as well. It's odd that it hasn't done any damage that needs to be repaired. It just pulls it back upright. There is still more to done. I mean it isn't exactly how it should be yet. There is some discussion that while we're doing this we're going to need something on the outside of the house to keep this in place, like a dump truck. We need to have someone bring a dump truck full of dirt to pour some dirt into the open area that is left by this wall straightening back up. I tell someone that we should go ahead and call them and have them come and be filling that in as he is straightening the house. I thought that would be smarter to do it at the same time. That way when the house is straight it will also be stable.