I went up to church to participate in some kind of exercise session with my CRHP sisters. There was also something about being in the parking lot and I was trying to decide where to park. When I got there, there were a ton of people around. I went into a very large room, unlike in my waking life church. It had rows of chairs in it. The chairs were similar to those in our waking life chapel. Everyone was congregating in there. I wasn't sure if I was in the right place. I saw Helen J so I approached her and we talked a little bit. We were going to go find a place to sit down. I decided I needed to go to the bathroom but I didn't know if we were getting ready to start or what was going on. She told me that I should go ahead and go and she would hold the stuff I had with me - some papers and 2 or 3 pens. I gave her the booklets and papers but I was going to stick the pens in my pocket. Then it looked like we were going to have a prayer service or a Mass before the exercise session so I decided to wait. She told me again to go ahead now. I went ahead and I had to cross over a center aisle that they had created with these rows of chairs. I crossed the aisle as soon as Father and the servers had gone up to start Mass. When I got to the side aisle it seemed that the grade school children had come in for Mass. They had come in from the other direction so I waited until they all got by. There was a wall full of windows. In the hallway on the other side of that wall there were a lot of grade school children standing there - the older children. Some were standing right by the windows and some were standing back a little way. I worked my way between them to get to the women room. At the time I was thinking that I was glad that I wasn't a teacher that I wouldn't do very well with all of these small children. I was having trouble finding the women room but I don't know why because I knew where it was. When I got to the end of the hallway to my right there was what looked like a gym area but it didn't have the typical wood floor. I was having trouble seeing a partition between where this gym area and the Mass was. There were people there. There were young men playing basketball there. I was wondering if that wasn't going to disturb the Mass. But I could tell they were very conscious of this and trying not to be disruptive. I saw lots of doors that were entrances to mens rooms and maybe even a locker room. Now I'm driving and I'm going to drop something off someplace that the church had asked about or asking for donations for. I was going to drop those off. I was driving through Osborn I think. I didn't get directions because I knew I had been to the place before that I was going to drop these things off. I didn't think I would have trouble finding it. As I was driving through Osborn I suddenly realized that they had several inches of snow, maybe 5 or 6. The roads were kind of bad. I saw the place I was looking for just as I passed it. I thought to myself that I had done the same thing the last time. I was going to find a driveway to turn around in but I wanted to find one that was very wide so I would have to pull in but could just use it to do more of a U-turn. I finally found one and it did that. I went back to the place that I needed to be to drop off whatever it was that I was donating. I went inside and there were a few people there. I was talking to them and they were showing me something. There was some kind of material that they were going to be mailing out and showing me the pocket folders that they were going in. I said, Oh, you're going to be using pocket folders. She looked at me like she was annoyed. I said I was sorry - that I misunderstood. I didn't think they were going to be using pocket folders. Then I asked her if the pocket folders belonged to the church. She didn't know so she pulled one out and showed it to me. I said that they didn't belong to the church. The reason was that I was concerned about the expense and I didn't think they needed to be using pocket folders. If they were going to be using these that belonged to the church then it didn't matter to me anymore. This is contradictory but that's the way it was recorded. I thought it looked nice but I still didn't think they needed to be using pocket folders. Then I was standing by this table and there were something like looked like three-ring binders laying there for different things. Then the pocket folders that she showed me then. One side had stair-stepped literature and the other one had several different pieces of literature in it that were all the same size. This was a different one than she showed me because the things they were putting in them were the same size as the pocket and I thought that those would get lost behind the pocket which is why I didn't see why they were using them. This other pocket folder she showed me with the literature in it, on each stairstep piece you could see someone's picture. The other pocket had several 8 1/2 x 11 pieces in that pocket. At the table where the 3-ring binder were each binder represented a different time that this event had taken place. Each binder was a different generation of whatever it was that they were doing. I started talking to someone about the weather because I was wearing a very summery dress. I was wearing a dress that I owned around 1989. It had a light blue background with bright colored geometric shapes in it-pink, deeper blue, purple. I remember the approximate year because of where I was working at the time. I loved that dress. It was one of my favorites at the time. It had short sleeves and it was made out of a silky material. The skirt had a bit of a trumpet shape so it was very flowing, flattering and girly. I was saying that I was so surprised by this snow. Here I was wearing this very summery dress and I didn't even have a jacket on. Someone said something to me. I said I was on my way to meet my sister and maybe some of my other family. I said I was going to call my sister and try to catch her before she leaves and see if she can bring along a sweater or jacket. I was talking about BJ.