I took my car to the dealership to get some repair work done. I was sitting in the parking lot waiting for one of the employee's to come out. I'm not sure why. I had the engine turned off and didn't even have my hands on the steering wheel. I felt my car starting to move. It was very slight and gentle, a kind of rocking movement, forward and backward. It became more and more pronounced. Then I realized that the car was backing out of the parking space. I sat very upright in my seat and was looking out all the windows. There was no one around. I felt the car rub against the bumpers of another car as it backed out of the parking space. It was doing this all on it's own without the engine running. It moved all the way across the parking lot and backed into an angled parking space. I tried to start the engine but it wouldn't start. I tried to move the car and it wouldn't move again. I went into the dealership and found my rep and told him what happened. He looked at me like I was crazy but they were going to go out and check it out. They did and realized what I was saying was true. They couldn't get it to start or to move either. I was sitting there waiting while they were trying to figure out what was wrong or what was going on. They were going to give me a replacement car to drive while they figured this out and repaired the car. I didn't want to do that because I had brought the car in for a very simple repair that was only supposed to take a few minutes. I just wanted my own car back and I wanted to go home. I ended up sitting there for a long time. Different people kept coming up. Finally they said they had gotten it taken care of and my rep drove up in this huge black van. It was almost the size of a utility van but it had windows in it just like a passenger van. He drove up like this was my vehicle. I was standing there talking to someone else and stopped. I said, No. That is not my car. I want my car. I want to take my car home. I just want my car back and drive it home. They were trying to convince me that this was my car. I was getting more and more upset and being adamant that this was not my car. I put my hand up to where the top of the roof of my car would be and told them my car was a sedan. There were a couple of men standing there along with the woman I had been talking to. They tried to calm me down. They had me go sit down someplace while they tried to locate my car. At this point I'm sitting there watching some of the employees at the dealership interact with each other. I don't think there were any other customers around at the time. Four of the employees were young men. Three of the four had guitars. One of them was wearing a very funky hat and had it on backwards. They were playing the guitars and singing some kind of goofy songs and being very playful. Nearby there were several female office workers who were standing and singing along and clapping. I was thinking how nice it was that they had this kind of atmosphere at work where they could have fun, be playful, and get along so well. I got up and walked to what was maybe the office area. There were several carpeted steps, 4-6, that led up to an open area. I sat down on the top step and the office area was to my left. The area to the right looked like a long hallway except there was no wall along the front. Someone came up the steps so I scooted over so there was plenty of room for them to get by me. There was a door directly behind me that they went through. As I sat there the number of women to my left working increased as did the physical space. The space was now a huge long hallway with a wall in front of me and it has windows. It had a very high ceiling. It reminds me of the inside of a castle. There were two people that I'm observing. One is either telling a story or singing a song. The other one agrees to portray either the opposite or the dark side of whatever the first one is talking or singing about it. In doing so, he becomes this character that kind of reminds me of the scarecrow in the Wizard of Oz, except that he is a very dark, scary character. At the end he has his arms straight out like a scarecrow and there is fire or smoke coming out of the end of his sleeves. When the first man finishes his story or his song, the second man says something about it being so dark. The first man tells him that he is the one who wanted to play the dark character. Why did you make it so dark? The second man just walked away with the smoke still coming out of his sleeves. He comes back and the first man leans through the wall, disappearing. The second man pulls him back in. They're talking about whether this was reality or not. Now Bev is sitting there with me and she is watching me watch them. She has this big smile on her face. I said, Well the scary thing is that could all be true. Then I said, What are you smiling about? She said, I'm just smiling watching your mind work on this. I can just see your mind working on all this.