I am at the CAS office but with a very odd combination of people. Susan J is there. I went back to the coat closet, but it is much longer than it is in waking life. We had a lot of different stuff stored in there. There were clothes on hangers and boxes of dishes. Sue P came in. Now it seems that I'm working someplace where, maybe it is DDSI because Vince P and Sue P own it. Sue P comes in and I'm explaining all of this stuff in this closet, how all of these clothes are in there and we have no idea who they belong to and they're taking up space. We really need the space to store other things. She says that we should get rid of it. She tells me to take it out and she will take it to Goodwill. I start packing the stuff in boxes. Sue P and Susan J are helping me. Sue P and Chris H are carrying things out to her car. Some things are already in boxes in the closet so they can just carry those directly to the car. We're making a lot of progress. At some point Vince P comes in and voices his concern about what we're doing. He's concerned that we're giving away something that we shouldn't. Sue P wasn't concerned and she is the one that told me to start packing it up to give it away and in fact she is helping. So we all continue confident in what we're doing, that we're not giving away anything that we shouldn't. After we get that done I'm taking a bunch of binders and putting them in boxes so they will be easier to store. Chris H is taking all of the boxes of the new binders that we got and putting them into the closet so they are stored much nicer. Now this closet looks deeper than it does in waking life, has a much taller ceiling, and is much brighter or well-lit inside. Chris H is stacking these boxes of binders very high. He puts a couple of them in there, maybe in a different box. I'm concerned about how stable they are, that they may fall. Rather than saying that I say that I think we have enough room that we don't need to stack them like that. I suggest we take a couple of them down and start a new stack so he does that. We get down to one last box. I have a bankers box and I'm putting miscellaneous types of binders in it and then let Chris H put that in the closet.