I was observing Bill C driving across the parking lot. I think he was on his way to an appointment with WI. Now I'm driving through the parking lot and heading to a place in the parking lot that makes the most sense to cut across to get to the street that I want. Now I'm walking through a parking lot of a strip center, where there is a row of stores. I see ahead and to my left the back of a building. There is just a few feet between the back of the building and a tall construction fence. Coming towards me from that little opening is Wes S. I wait to say hello to him. We talk very briefly. He is working in town and I'm on my way to work. I think he asks me where I'm working now. I tell him that I'm going to be working at a little pharmacy for a little while, that I'm substituting. I struggled to remember the name of it. I finally told him that the name of it was H's. I don't think we ever just stood still and talked. We must have both been in a hurry. He kind of grinned at me, waved and went on. As I'm walking I realize that it isn't H's, it's Mallards and it is a local high school that has a pharmacy inside. That is where I'm headed to work. I'm carrying a couple of things so my hands are full. I have a cord around my neck with a key on it. When I first get to the high school I'm wondering if I'm in the wrong place. Maybe this really isn't where I'm supposed to be. Then I decide that it is. The front of the building, the school is shaped kind of like an arch, like the bottom of a U, not really like an arch, it has three wings. In the middle section at the front of the building there are rows of balloons hanging down vertically. I think they are blue and silver. They are celebrating some kind of championship. I went inside and there are a lot of people coming in at once, a lot of adults. I don't see any students. I think I asked someone to point me in the direction of the pharmacy. I get to the pharmacy and the door is locked. There are several adults waiting to get in. One woman is trying her key but it doesn't work. She said something about Mallard's key being the only one that works, the only one that will open the door. I said something to the effect that my key says Anna Mallard so maybe it will work. I went and tried it and it opened the door right up. I can see that there is a woman there that is miffed that I have a key that opens the door. We went inside. It doesn't look like a pharmacy but more like a small gymnasium. There are rectangular tables set up in a T shape. They have blue tablecloths on them.