I was staying at the BE Retreat Center. We were having our retreat for the end of SDI. Sister Toni was my spiritual director. We were having a special Mass at the end. We were given very specific instructions not to come I the main door and no other. There was a door that many people used frequently during other occasions but they wanted to make sure we did not use that entry for this occasion. I guess I forgot because I am came in that door anyway. It was 5:45 and the Mass was to begin at 6. I had my sewing machine with me. When I got down there actually I think I had either forgotten about the whole thing or didn't realize what time it was. When I arrived in the chapel I saw everyone there and all dressed up and realized what was going on. I went over to the entrance where we were supposed to come in. They said something to me about coming in the wrong door and also about having my sewing machine with me. I didn't want to admit that I had forgotten about the whole thing or not realized what time it was, I was thinking of saying, At least I'm on time. But I don't think I said it. They told me I had to get rid of my sewing machine quickly and that I had better be back on time. I went outside to take the machine to my car. It was a long walk and up a steep hill. You couldn't even see the parking lot from where I was. I started walking up the sidewalk on this hill. The machine was so heavy that it was slowing me down. I thought it would be faster if I sat the machine on the floor and pushed it up the hill. As I was doing this, bobbins kept falling off into the grass along the sidewalk. I had to keep stopping to pick them up - gather them up. People were watching me. When I got to the top of the hill I saw a big cement area set up with folding chairs. There were people arriving and taking their seats there. This area was for people attending the Mass that couldn't get a seat in the chapel, because the chapel was too small for everyone. They had a large screen TV or something like that set up for the people sitting out here to watch what was going on inside. Now it seems that I had gone outside and up this hill to get back to my room rather than to my car. I went to the wall that people were facing to go into the building. I grabbed a door that I wasn't even sure it was a door or an entry. I had to get down on my hands and knees again. Then I saw that it did go into where I wanted to be. It was a small square opening. I crawled in and then stood up. It looked like a narrow hallway straight in front of me. At the end of that hallway I had to either go left or right onto another hallway. Along that hallway was a bunch of sets of double doors. I entered one set of these double doors and Sister Toni was in there waiting for me for a session. We had our session. Elvis Presley was at a restaurant. He was having a meal and I think he had been drinking because he was very upset about something that had happened. There are some people with him that are only about 6-12 inches tall. They are living people. Myself and someone else decided to offer to take him back to the BE Retreat Center to try to hide him from the public so they wouldn't know what was going on but also to help him. We took him back there and gave him a room. At some point I ended up going back to the chapel. I had one or two flights of steps to go down to get there. They were very wide, wide enough for maybe 12 people and they were painted a dark green. They had a banister that looked like a steel pipe, but also painted green. I was really rushing to get to the chapel on time. I could tell Mass was starting because I heard the music. I decided it would be faster if I floated down the steps rather than taking each step. So I somehow lifted myself off of the floor, leaned slightly back and to my left side and then floated or flew down the steps. When I got to the bottom of the steps I went around the corner and saw the entrance to the chapel. Someone is standing there waiting for me. She is wearing black slacks and a white blouse, corsage and name tag. She has a name tag for me. She said something about me getting there when I did.