I was living on Lakeland Dr. I was planting new flowers and working on existing flowers. My family was coming for a visit. I was pulling up weeds/flowers from a large flowerpot on the deck and pointing out to Matthew which ones I was pulling up and why. Some of them were the sunflower seeds from the birds, that were sprouting and I didn't want them growing there. I kept waiting and waiting and finally realized that my family isn't going to show up. Since I had plenty of time now, I start moving things where I want them, from having put them or left them someplace that would suffice until after the family left. I gathered up three empty cardboard boxes that had each been sitting in various places. They are three different sizes. I put them inside each other and then put a bunch of small pieces of wood, looked like kindling, into the smallest one. At first I was going to trash the stuff that I put in there then I thought I would store the wood that way. I had taken a bunch of very large wood items and threw them over the deck fence to be taken to the trash. One in particular that I remember was a very large, black kidney-shaped piece of furniture that I had torn apart. When I realized I had plenty of time I asked Matthew to help me take that stuff to the trash. I took all the small flower pots and stuff (like what is sitting on the patio in waking life), gathered them all together and moved them all onto or to a different place on the deck. I moved at least some of them onto a silver aluminum rolling cart. Tonya H was there. She came out to the deck and began helping me. She was going to take one or some of these flower pots. I was fine with that. I had a young African-American boy living or staying with me. He was about 10-12 years old. He considered me a mother figure, but I don't know why. He started helping me with the trash and stuff without being asked. I noticed this and was impressed and pleased by this. I was thinking about Matthew in relation to this. Numerous times I walked from the front of the house around the outside to the back. I seldom went out back through the patio doors. Maybe because I was carrying things like flowers and trash? Maybe because of dirt? I don't know.