I was dressed for work, a skirt, blouse and heels. I was out someplace - maybe at a shopping center. I was in the parking lot and I saw Aunt H with two or three other people. She was coming to her car and was just two or three cars away from me. I was standing my by car and another car. I called out to her. Aunt H. Aunt H. She's looking around to see who is calling her name. I'm waving my hand in the air and she finally sees me. I go up to her and I gave her a hug and asked her what she is doing in town. She said they came up to surprise mother. As I'm standing there talking to her, other members of the family walk up. We're no longer surrounded by parked cars, but we're in an open area. As other members of the family walk up they form a small circle and some are standing at the perimeter of this small circle. I think Larry K and Dick W are both there. They are both going on and on telling me how great I look - that they can't believe I good I look. I tell them that I've lost weight and I'm trying to take better care of myself. They're just really surprised how good I look. They're doing something and getting ready to go see Mother. I think some of them are kind of dressed up too. I think Larry and Dick W are both wearing suits or at least dress shirts and ties. They had prepared food ahead of time and brought it with them. Now I'm standing someplace with Aunt H. I think she's rearranging some of the food. She has one round container and she has little wedges of some kind of food.bread, or coffee cake, or not sure. It does have some kind of topping on it. I'm helping her and taking these wedges and putting them in this container. She says something to me about the topping on it and making sure not to knock it all off. As I'm putting it in there I keep one piece out and start eating it. She asks me if I want a piece. I indicate that I already took one and do something to indicate a thank you. I don't think I actually say thank you. She has a bunch of very small empty containers with lids. I realize that she brought those along for the leftovers, to make the food easier to take home.