I had gone on retreat, either a silent retreat or a prayer retreat, though I've never heard of a prayer retreat. I had gone to this retreat center. It had several buildings on the property. I was driving around trying to find the right building. I think it is now the next morning and I had slept in fairly late. I had to go to a different building to take my shower. It was around 11 am. There was a big common shower area, though it had separate stalls with shower curtains on each. The shower curtains were on a rod that was rectangular in shape with rounded corners. The curtains covered three sides. The fourth side was the wall with the faucets. Jo V and Jan F were there. They were showing me, or talking to me something about the showers. I had set down my toiletries and someone who worked at the retreat center was there to kind of oversee things and make sure that everyone had what they needed. Jo V and Jan F had walked away and come back a little later. I still had not taken my shower. I was just fiddling around - I don't know what I was doing. Jan F said something to me about not having started taking my shower yet. I said, yes, I no. I'm having trouble getting situated. I finally pulled one of the shower curtains shut and started the water. Then I realized that my toiletries were on the other side of the room. I grabbed a towel around me, ran across the room and grabbed my shampoo and stuff and came back. When I got out of the shower I ran into Margie D. She told me that her and Dennis D were there for the retreat as well. They were just getting ready to have breakfast, but that Dennis D had gone ahead and gotten their food for them while Margie D took her shower. I was glad to know that there was still a meal available, that I hadn't totally missed breakfast. I thought I would go ahead and get my food and then sit with Margie D and Dennis D and talk with them a bit. This would mean it wasn't a silent retreat. There was also something about some dogs and maybe there was someone there who was training seeing eye dogs or maybe they had seeing eye dogs available for people who needed them at the retreat.