I'm in California and driving down a very busy highway. At first I'm in the far right lane. Everyone is driving very fast. There isn't much room between me and the vehicle in front of me. The car behind me starts approaching very fast. I decide to get over one lane to the left so I'm not right on the tail of the pick-up truck in front of me. The truck is white with a wide, red, horizontal strip on each side. The driver is a very thin man wearing a cowboy hat. They are very country people, though I don't know how I know that. That whole lane, it seems that the vehicles are all way too close to each other - especially for driving at such a high speed. After a little bit I decide to get back over when I see a rather large opening. Just as I do I see that there is an unmarked police car sitting ahead of me at an angle, to where the back of the car is protruding into the lane a bit. That police car is backing into that lane and then shifts into forward, swerves around and then pulls across all three lanes. The cars are still driving very fast and are still very close together. The police car cuts it very close, cutting across those three lanes between all that traffic. With him doing that I had to slam on my brakes as did some other people. It caused a major accident that I was a part of. As I slammed on my brakes I began sliding as did other cars. Our tires were squealing. When I finally came to a stop, my car was teetering on the edge of what looked to be a huge cliff. If I had to guess it was several thousand feet drop off. My car was totaled. My arms were straight out in front of me but I couldn't move because of the way the car was smashed together. I saw out of the corner of my eyes that one or more people walked up to the car to see if I was still alive. I had my eyes open so hopefully they saw that. I was thinking that I hope they can see that I am still conscious and alive. But I couldn't move enough to let them know that. Plus, my car was teetering on this edge, like it was half over this edge. Even if I could have moved I would have been afraid to for this reason. I'm not exactly sure how, but the people who had gotten out of their cars, I don't know if they were part of the crash or if they had stopped to help. Somehow they got my car pulled back enough so I was no longer in danger of going over this cliff. Now we are all standing around and it seems that there is a swimming pool area and there are some people sitting there. Someone said something about everything reminding them of fruit. Like bright colors of red, and orange and yellow. Then we noticed that the pool was filled with something that wasn't liquid. We start by taking two hands and scooping whatever is in the pool out and tasting it. I made the comment that, I think I said that it either tasted like Fruit Loops or Lucky Charms cereal. There is also a scene where I am at a department store looking at lingerie but it's all displayed right around the cash register and some of it was hard to get to and to look at. Someone is talking to someone else and filling out receipt forms by hand. They are two or three part forms. I see the pink copy lying there and two of the women who work there are talking. Someone said that this will now tell them if things have been getting stolen. This will not only help prevent theft but I think because it will help prevent theft it will tell them if the store has been suffering a lot of loss due to theft. It seems that the employee who had the idea to implement this is either in a management position or maybe responsible for store security. It's Amy Wynn from the TV program Trading Spaces.