I had gotten my paperwork back for my fall student loans and there was some kind of problem with getting my loans that I had to get taken care of. I went to some office and the parking lots were very odd in terms of people coming and going. It was also pretty full. I was headed down an aisle in the wrong direction so I pulled into one space and then was backing up so that I could head in the right direction. But I was also going to back up enough to pull into one space. There was a semi-trailer truck parked in the space to my left and another car in the space to my right. They were both facing me, like they had pulled in from the wrong direction also. There was a woman sitting in the car to my right. As I started to pull in I realized that I couldn't pull straight in because of the way the trailer truck was parked. I started to try it anyway but then decided it would be too risky trying to get out. I had just barely backed up at all and the woman in the car to my right started to back out of her space. I thought she was leaving. So as she was backing out I started pulling in. Then she stopped and moved forward a little bit so I stopped too. I was going to back up and then I saw that there was someone backing out from the row behind me. I almost hit them. I would have hit them if I had continued to back up. The woman finally got out of that space so I went ahead and pulled in. I started to get out of the car. As I did another woman came running towards me and she had two little manila-colored envelopes, what I would call coin envelopes, in her hand. She handed one to one person and then gestured at me. I rolled my window down and she handed the other to me through the window. She said something to me and then started to run away. I said, So I need to do this before I come back? I think she said yes. I rolled up my window and looked at it. There was two things written on the envelope. It said, call. Under that it said Bill $531. Under that it said Student Loan and another amount. Bill and Student Loan were both marked with a yellow highlighter. What this apparently meant was that I had to call these two people and resolve. I think what this meant is that I had these amounts outstanding that had to be paid before I could get my fall student loan. I thought that was weird because how would they even know about the money I owe Bill F. But also, that's not really past due or anything because I'm not on a payment schedule with him. I went ahead and backed out and was driving home and thinking about what I needed to do to take care of this.