I was attending some kind of large group event. It was a couple day event. I was there with a friend I think, though I knew a lot of the people who were attending. It was a group both men and women. There was one man in particular, he and I were flirting - very subtle - with each other throughout the event. In the morning my friend and I would come down to attend an event for that day and he would pull up a chair to a table where I was going to sit or where I was sitting. Things like that. There were other events where it was a group of people presenting, like at a conference. The seating was almost like a gymnasium. They were tiered and long rows. I snuck in almost last minute and walking across the front to find a seat but there was one section that was saved for certain people. At first I sat down right at the end of a row of that section and then later I got up and tried to inconspicuously leave but I had to go clear across the room to get out. So, I went up to the very back and there was a walkway. There was a wall with openings like doorways and there was a long hallway behind that wall. So I went up and back there and went toward the other end but yet I didn't leave. One time when I went into an event, the man that was always making sure that I had a seat, there were a lot of people coming in at one time and he grabbed two chairs for someone else. Later he came up to me and I was teasing him for getting chairs for someone else and I had to find seat for myself. I could tell he was a bit flustered by that, not felt bad but that he did what he felt was the right thing to do but wished he could have gotten a seat for me or could have gotten to me quicker or wished that the timing had been better so that would have been taken care of before I showed up. I went to use the restroom and it looked like the person who had used it before me either hadn't flushed it or it hadn't flushed completely. I decided to flush it again before I used it and then I was going to come back in a couple of minutes to use it myself. After I flushed it I got concerned that it was going to overflow so I quickly did some things to shut it off. I pulled up the thing that would normally stop it from overflowing. I was watching it and it still started to overflow. I debated what to do. I did something else first and that wasn't helping so then I grabbed the tank lid off and grabbed this other thing. I finally got it to stop overflowing. Then I went and grabbed a sponge mop with the wringing mechanism on it because I was going to clean it up. I saw this man notice me doing it. I could tell he was involved in something else, wanted to come and help me but couldn't. I went ahead and was cleaning it up. I think Mother shows up and says something about me not cleaning it up good enough and what are they supposed to do after we all leave. I thought I was doing a decent job. I was getting to what I could without moving a bunch of furniture or anything. There were some chairs and sofas that it had flowed under. Until he walked up I hadn't intended to move that stuff to try to clean up under it. I don't know if I was thinking this or if I actually said it to her. No. I know I was just thinking, well what do you want me to do? I knew she wanted me to move that furniture and clean really good under everything and make sure that I got it all. I don't know if I ended up doing that or not.