Bill C and I were sitting in his office discussing various things, one of which was hiring a temp. We were also discussing acquiring new clients. I said something to him about the methodical way he does this - which he doesn't in waking life. I could tell by the look on his face that he was thinking that I would acquire more new clients if I had a plan and followed it. I got very upset and said this to him but also said that I do have a plan, but with my workload it is impossible to follow it - or to even get to it. He disagreed with me. Just then a pretty young woman came in and Bill C started asking her questions, and looking at me to imply that he could easily replace me and might do so with her. So I started asking her questions also. I asked her if she could do graphic design or editing and she said no. I asked her if she could fix computer problems. She said the computer was no problem. I clarified that I didn't mean the normal kinds of computer problems, but could she figure out computer issues that most people can't - the kind that normally require calling an IT professional. She said that she couldn't do that. I looked at Bill C and I could tell by the look on his face that he got it - that I have such a wide variety of skills that it would be very difficult for him to find someone with all of my skills that would be willing to work for him the way I do, the hours that I do, for what he is willing to pay me. I got up and walked out of the office, slamming the door behind me. As soon as the door slammed I realized that I shouldn't have done that. I thought that if he asked me about it I would just say I didn't intend to slam the door. I started to go for a walk. Our office was a small building on a large piece of land. A few seconds after I left the office Bill C came out. I was walking slowly and deliberately, trying to think things through. Bill C came along and was walking much faster; he quickly passed me and was walking a few paces ahead of me. I kept my own pace. He slowed down and guided me into a very small building, almost like a shed. There were some workers outside, working on landscaping of some sort. When Bill C led me into this building I said, Oh no. I knew this is where he took employees when he was going to fire them. He said, No. Don't worry. I was just cold. We each stood leaning our backs against opposite walls. The building was probably little more than 3 by 3 feet with wood floor, no windows, no light, and no furniture. We just stood there and looked at each other for a few seconds. I could feel the tension between us draining. I asked if I could have a hug. We have only hugged one other time in the 2.5 years I have worked for him, and that was at his Dad's funeral. He said absolutely. We moved close for a hug but there was a wooden door between us, standing alone. He was able to get his arms around both the door and me but I couldn't and said so. Then I moved my arms upward and just put my hands on his shoulders. I felt the rest of the tension between us resolve. We went back outside and there were a lot of people there now, I think they were clients. We were having some kind of an outdoor picnic. I had brought a cheesecake that actually had three different kinds of cheesecake in one pan. I started to cut it for some of our guests. Bill C wanted a piece so I started to get one for him. Then I realized that the piece I was about to give him wasn't chocolate so I moved the pan around to get a chocolate piece for him. I then cut pieces and gave them to two of our guests. They were talking about how good they were. I took a chocolate piece for myself. I was now lying on my stomach on the bench of a picnic table. I was thinking about everything that had just happened. We've been through a lot together in business in regards to our relationship. Our relationship has had some very lows and some real highs. In a romantic relationship a kiss is often sparked by some shared feeling about something, not at all always romantic love, attraction or anything like that. In many relationships a hug is often sparked by the same thing. Sometimes it's a way to connect or share a feeling of comfort or happiness or joy, or after resolving a problem. I think my wanting to hug Bill C at that time was a combination of comfort and having resolved our latest issue, or the feelings associated with a/the shared experience. People in romantic relationships or even friendships and relatives fight and then they can hug or kiss and makeup and it really helps the people move beyond the fight. Bill C and I don't have that advantage because it is not a romance. While we have agreed to substitute a handshake, sometimes the handshake just doesn't accomplish the same thing.