I was working someplace that was also a hair salon. The owner was female. I asked her about my color and style. She started to change the color. It was late. After she applied it, she had to wait 25 minutes. In that time she fell asleep. When I tried to wake her up to finish she said she wouldn't, that she would finish tomorrow. I asked her if I could at least wash it out tonight and she told me I couldn't, that I needed to wait until tomorrow night. I left but forgot something and went back in. Nick, a hair stylist from a TV program was there. He was talking to her about fixing a room for some students. The room had four twin beds, each a small distance from each other. There was a smaller part of the room off of one of the long walls that held two beds. That was where the two supervisors, they were students but yet over the other students, would sleep. So they were fixing this up and getting ready because she hadn't had students in quite some time. I went back in the owner and Nick were flirting and dancing. I think I was putting blankets on the beds and somehow I got caught under one of them and they didn't know I was there. The owner was sitting on one of the beds and then Nick got on the bed also. He leaned over and I was fighting to get out from under the blanket. I finally went to my desk and was looking for my keys so I could leave. When I got ready to go there was a lot of snow outside. I was with Susan J and I asked her. As soon as I got out the door I realized that I had gone out the wrong way and my car wasn't there. I couldn't see it from where we were and I couldn't remember exactly where I had parked. I asked her to drive me to it. She wasn't happy about it but she said she would. We cleared the snow off of her car. When I opened the passenger car door I saw there was a couple of inches of snow inside the car also. She was cleaning the snow and ice off of the seats so we could get in. She drove me to find my car. For some reason she was not in her car now and she asked me to drive me to her car and I said absolutely. No problem. As I was taking her to her car we weren't in a car anymore. There was a bunch of furniture outside in the snow. There were some people there. Kendall B was laying on his back on one piece of furniture. I think he had been drinking and he was talking to someone else who was concerned about him. He had been drinking because he was upset about something. We were talking to him about all of the students or people that he mentors. He said, yeah. Yeah. But there was that one that was special. He was talking about me. He said I used to email him quite frequently with questions and things and now he hardly ever hears from me. Then all of a sudden he heard a sneezing in the snow and he spotted Susan J. He started chasing her with a gun. He took a couple of shots at her. I was running trying to get back to my car. I was trying to stay hidden behind the furniture so he wouldn't see me. I was running the opposite direction from Susan J. I felt bad that I wasn't running towards her but I knew that wasn't safest. I thought I would try to get to my car then I would take my car after Susan J. That would be the safest. I could help her best that way. I think Susan J did actually catch up. I did get to my car. Right after I got in I started to drive and called to her to hurry and jump in.