I was with the husband of one of my CRHP sisters. His name was Arty, though I don't know that this is true in waking life. I was embarrassed by the fact that I knew it was one of their husband's but I didn't know whose and I didn't want him to know that or found out. We were in his car, or maybe a truck. I must have said something that he interpreted as flirting, because he seemed to jump on it and took it very seriously - hitting on me right away. He started talking about their marriage problems. He said they had been working on them. He was telling me that one morning, out of the blue, while he was lying in bed and she was in the bathroom getting ready for the day, he had told her that he was a happily married man. They had not been having a conversation or anything. Her response was, Well, Arty, Arty, happily married man. How about you get up and start helping me. The rest of the sentence was something about what needed to be done in the house or for the family. He was very hurt and discouraged by that. We must not have been driving at the time because he leaned way over in front of me. I admit was somewhat attracted, but I'm not sure if it was the attention that was attracting me or the man himself. As he leaned over I reached up and rubbed his shoulders in an effort to show my support or provide emotional comfort. I found myself lightly breathing on the back of his neck and turning away immediately because I didn't want to encourage his interest in me. His interest seemed to be fueled by a difference in personalities between his wife and myself. He turned around so his back and head were lying in my lap. He had very short, reddish-blond hair. His face appeared to have something similar to freckles but not obviously so the way freckles normally look. He looked young and was a nice-looking man, but not strikingly so. He didn't have the type of physical appearance that I would notice on the street and say, He's an attractive man. He was physically fit. At first I thought his wife was Judy D. but then I decided it must be Karen E. I was trying hard to figure out a way to find out for future but didn't want to ask him because I knew that would be bad and possibly hurt his feelings as well. I think that he knew there was a mutual attraction so I finally told him that I could not get involved with him. Now we're at their house and they have three, maybe four sons. A couple of them are getting ready to go for a bike ride. One or two of the boys seem to be teenagers or close to it. One seems to be very young, maybe seven or eight. The other seems to be in between them. The youngest one is on an adult size bike, much too big for him, and is going too fast for his taste. The middle son gets on the back of that bike with him and gets it going much faster. He was telling him that he had to do this for some reason. It seemed to be related to developing skill in bike riding. They started down a hill and lost control of the speed. Before long they fell off the bike and started rolling headfirst down the hill. Amazingly they were neither one hurt, and I don't recall them wearing helmets or anything. We are back at the house and I am either noticing the problems between Karen E and Arty. I think the three of us talked about them needing to work out their problems. They didn't even want to be in the same room as each other. It was right after Easter because there were a number of Easter baskets with candy in them. There was one for each of the boys, one each for Karen E and Arty, and then there were three large family baskets and some candy sitting along side them still in the store wrapping. They asked me to put the baskets somewhere. I was going to put each of the boys baskets in their rooms and but they said no to that. But they also didn't want the family baskets somewhere where Karen E and Arty would have to see each other to get a piece of candy. I was taking some of the candy that was still in the store wrapping out of that wrapping and putting it in the baskets. Arty said he wanted a Peep and someone else said they were all gone. I started digging through the baskets and found several. I took one but don't remember him coming to get one. I was trying to arrange the rest of the candy and put all like candy together, so they would easily know what was in each basket. There was some special kind of candy in a long, narrow square, yellow box. It was something that I really liked and just for a second I thought about hiding it or keeping it for myself but I didn't even take one. It didn't seem that Karen E and Arty were going to be able to work things out, because Karen E didn't seem to want to. I still was not going to get involved because Karen E was my CRHP sister.