I was in an office that was a big, open space where a lot of people worked in the one open big open area. I was standing along a half wall. It was maybe only 3 or 4 feet high. Something happened and everything started moving. It wasn't like an earthquake or falling over or up or down or anything like that. It was more like the room was motorized to turn clockwise or counter-clockwise. Although it was moving towards me and I realized that I had no where to go - that I was going to be crushed. As everything started moving towards me and pushing me over I also got pushed back far enough and up a little bit so that I somehow, miraculously, didn't get crushed. I was in another room and something was causing me to go around the room in a circular pattern, to just keep going around the room. I had my one arm extended out and downward. It was like I was letting my hand brush things as I was moving around in this circle. It was almost as though something else was propelling me around in this circle. As my hand would hit things, sometimes it would brush people in the back of the head. One time it broke some glass things. Then this man, one of the employers or managers was saying that he hated glass. He liked that I was breaking this glass as I was moving around. There was a woman who might have been an office manager. She was telling all of the other people that they had to put all of their things away that were made out of glass. Like if they had decorative personal items sitting out that were made out of glass. She had a really tall one. It was a couple feet tall but it was sitting on a desktop. It might have been crystal. Part of it was frosted and it was actually two pieces. She took the top piece off. It had an angel on it. Now I was down as though I had been sitting on the floor. I saw that underneath the angel was a dove. Now I'm up moving around again and I'm moving through a different area. There are a lot of different kind of wind chimes, or things that look like wind chimes, hanging all over the place. It doesn't look like a room. It looks like the kind of scene movies create to depict heaven. It's very white and ethereal, with no end in site. I think I must be indoors because all of these things are hanging from somewhere, yet I see no ceiling that they could be hanging from. These things are all different sizes, lengths, shapes, and colors. They are all very beautiful. They make the most beautiful sounds. I'm reaching up and running my hands through them so I can hear the beautiful sounds they make. Some of them I move around in a circle a little bit. I move my body around in a circle as I gaze up at them because they are so beautiful. I'm talking to someone about how beautiful they are and how beautiful they sound. Then I'm getting ready to move into another area. I see a doorway now, but still none of this looks like a room. As I approach this doorway a man walks up to my right side. I turn to look to see who it is and see that it's Wes S. His eyes open very wide and he smiles at me. I say, Wes S! First he takes my right hand in both of his, like a warm greeting. Then he holds my right hand with his right hand and he puts his left hand on my back. He starts taking one finger and rubbing my back and yet kind of poking my back as well. It hurt. I kept saying, stop. That hurts. Stop. Stop. That hurts.