I was in a car with five other people. I was in the back seat next to the right window. There were three people in the front seat. The person in the middle was Doug Wilson, the designer from Trading Spaces. He and I were having a discussion. I leaned forward and caressed his right check and slightly down his neck with the back of my left forefinger. We were talking about who would be designing my room. I said I had mixed feelings because I wanted to work with him but I also wanted him to design my room because the woman that was going to be doing my room started out as an assistant to Frank Bielec. I like Frank's fine, but they are often not my style. Doug's are more often my style. We stopped by a store to get something. There were members of my family there. Bob F and Rachel S were there. I'm mostly with Rachel S and I was going to buy here some candy. I asked her what she wanted and she said M &amp; M's. Someone commented that she always gets the very same thing, that she always gets M &amp; M's. We're rushing because we have to hurry to get back to the house. Several people went in to the store to get sweets, candy. Bob F walks by me on his way back out to the car. He had cotton candy. He said it was for everyone to share. I thought that was cool because I hadn't had cotton candy in a long time. We're back at the houses. I was in the neighbor's house that we were trading spaces with. The woman of the house reminds me of a TV actor, I can't think of her name or the name of the program she was in now. I think her name is/was Cathy [unknown in waking life]. She has blonde, shoulder-length hair, about my age or a bit older. I went over to their house. I'm walking up a stairway to get to where I thought the room was that we were going to redecorate. The staircase was very unusual. I went up a half dozen or so steps and then it went to the right - flat, and then it went up and to the left for a few more steps and then in a different direction and so on. It had a very sturdy wood banister, medium color wood. I was thinking that it was very cool, that these were the kind of features that I would like to find when I buy a house - something very unique and different yet very classy and elegant. When I got to the top of those stairs I thought I would be at the room that I was going to decorate but I realized that I wasn't, that I had to go up more stairs yet. This one is a very narrow spiral staircase. I can hardly fit on it. I was feeling very claustrophobic and uncomfortable. I was very glad to get to the top of it and step off into a large open space. I notice that this is a round space. Around the perimeter is a series of doorways but none of them have doors on them. There is also at least one sitting area that has a sofa, maybe another sofa or loveseat, lamp, and coffee table. I start walking toward one of the doorways. I'm not wearing a blouse or a bra. I'm trying to cover myself with my arms while I'm looking for Cathy, the homeowner. I was going to ask her if I could borrow a T-shirt. As I neared one of the doors I saw an older, heavyset woman with grey hair and glasses, sitting with her back to me, watching TV. I was embarrassed when I saw her turn around because I was naked from the waist up. I could tell by the look on her face she was thinking something but she didn't say anything. Just then Cathy walked out and I asked her if I could borrow a T-shirt. The whole time I'm thinking this is really odd for me to be naked from the waist up and why couldn't I have at least kept on what I was wearing until I got something else. I told Cathy that I had forgotten to pack a T-shirt or old shirt to work in during Trading Spaces. She said if I got paint on what she loans me I could just keep it. At first it seemed that she was going to have trouble coming up with a shirt that she was comfortable letting me borrow and get paint on. She did finally find one. I could a little bit into each room around the perimeter from where I was standing. They all looked like very large conference rooms. Cathy brought me a T-shirt that reminds me of my SAID T-shirt. As I got ready to leave I was now with a couple of women. I got to the top of the spiral staircase to go back down. I turned sideways to go down because it was so narrow. As soon as I started down I started feeling so claustrophobic and uneasy because it was such a tight fit that I stepped back off the stairway and said, I have got to find a different way down. I just cannot go down those steps again. Later I was having a conversation with the woman who was going to be the designer in my room in my house. I think I was starting to feel a little more comfortable with what she might do in there.