I was at Jennifer K's family's home. Her whole family was there, her parents, husband, children, brother and his family. I actually think I had spent the night there because I was going to go to Kings Island with them the next day. We got up and his parents had slept downstairs on some makeshift beds. I was getting dressed. I had black shorts and my salmon knit top. I questioned my choice of what I was going to wear that day but then decided that was very appropriate for the rides and such. I was helping fold blankets and such. There was one blanket that was, it reminded me of faux leather except that one side was very shiny red with a bit of a pattern to it and the other side was very soft. The whole thing was very thin, very lightweight. As I got ready to fold it Jennifer K walked up and said, let me show you how to do this one. She folded it so the leather side was towards the inside. She said, now you just wet this a little bit and it will stick together. Then it was also very smooth, with no wrinkles. It was also very small now that she folded it, even though she only folded it once. It was probably less than 12 x 12 inches. We were talking about various things when Jennifer K began talking about being a spiritual director. She was asking me some questions. Some of her family were there now. Rather than giving her direct answers I started asking her a few questions. I said something like, would you be able to not teach? Would you be able to not judge or be critical? She said she didn't think that was as problem. I said something to her about people in business, with business situations or decisions. I said something about the fact that she doesn't have much business experience, management experience. She was silent for a minute but then said she did. I said, Oh. Well. I guess then that wouldn't be a problem. But I've known Jennifer K for nearly 20 years and know that she doesn't have that business experience. I was thinking about that and thinking, I've known her for so long and I can't recall her getting this type of experience. But I didn't question it any further. It was a pretty serious conversation, not lighthearted and laughing as is typical for us. I don't know what time we were going to leave to go to Kings Island and don't know if we ever even discussed it. So as everyone was getting ready I just took off for a little while. I don't know if I was going to run errands or what my intention was. I went to NTNS, but in the dream in looked different. There was a glass door on the side of the store for customer use and there were a lot of glass windows on the side of the building as well as the front. I pulled into an angled parking space right in front of that side door. As I parked there seemed to be a dip in the parking space because my car rolled forward a bit after I had put it in park. It scared me for a second because I was afraid it was going to roll into the glass door. I put the car in gear and backed up enough so when I turned the engine off and put it in park again it would not roll forward, and it didn't. I'm back at the house and I went inside quickly. I had my purse and a box of something that had fallen out of purse. I picked it up quickly and as I was trying to get in back in my purse I said something to Jennifer K. I said, I'm sorry. I needed to run some errands quickly but I forgot to ask you what time you were all planning on leaving. I heard someone say ten til six this evening. I thought, Oh. They're not going until this evening? I didn't think that I wanted to hang around there all day but I also wondered if I even wanted to go along if they were going that late in the day. We would only have a few hours there, and in the evening, and I wasn't sure how much fun I would have, and lots of other stuff was going through my head. Then someone else, maybe a couple of people, said things that gave me the impression that they were just kidding.