I belonged to a community of witches along with my husband and children and my husband's second wife. We had three children - twin baby boys and a girl that was a few years older than the babies. My husband was the man that plays Ray Barone in the TV program and his second wife was Debra, the woman that plays his wife on that program. The babies were ill and Debra and I were taking care of them. One of the babies was named Matthew. It was bedtime and I decided to take Matthew to bed with me. I knew it was something that is not recommended but I wanted to be able to watch him closely since he was ill. I lay on the left side of the bed and put Matthew to my right. I checked to make sure there would be plenty of room left for Ray. I lay there watching Matthew's labored breathing, knowing it was part of the illness but nothing life threatening as it was. Debra was in a separate bed but in the same room. She had put the other baby in his own bed. Ray came and got into bed with me. We talked for a minute or two about the babies. After Matthew fell asleep, I moved over next to Ray. We completely covered ourselves with a blanket. Debra was suspicious and got upset and told us to stop - because she was jealous. We didn't think she was justified in trying to tell us to stop, but we did anyway. I realized that Matthew had become entangled in the sheet and I panicked, desperately trying to get him untangled so he could breath freely. The sheets had put his body in a very uncomfortable, difficult position. I finally freed him and I could tell by his breathing that this had made his labored breathing even worse. Now I am with the daughter, Ray, and some other people. They are talking about their death names. I didn't know the daughter's death name but wanted to. They told me what I had to do to find out, but warned me that the timing should be right and that I had to be sure I wanted to do this as it could be dangerous. There was some benefit to knowing this but I can't remember now what it was. I decided the benefit was worth it - and that I could prevent anything bad from happening. We went to this place to find out her death name. There was a very large, round, wicker basket sitting on the floor. It reminds me of a laundry basket. It had lots of stuff in it, including a bunch of different types of children's hats. My daughter and I were supposed to select a hat for her and then go through some kind of process, which would end up letting us know what her death name was. We tried several different hats on her and finally decided on one. We began walking through this space. I know it was indoors but that's really all I can describe about it. At some point some people, other witches, stopped us to warn us that a bunch of bad witches had done something, cast a spell or something maybe, related to my daughter's hat. It was causing her to have many, many hats and we needed to get rid of all of them immediately or she would be in grave in danger. We took the hat off. As we did another one appeared. As we took it off another one appeared. This kept happening over and over again. We are trying frantically and rapidly trying to get every hat off. We knew we had to just keep at it until no other hats appeared.