I was at the CAS office. Bill C had moved in to my office so the two of us were sharing it. His office was empty. I don't think Jane C was working there any longer. I have no idea why he did this - why we were sharing. We were both in there working and occasionally talking because there was no partition between us. His desk was towards the back of the office and mine closer to the door. Someone walked in and I saw them standing at the front counter, facing it. It was a very, very short black woman, maybe even less than 4 foot tall. I went out. As I approached her I asked her if I could help her. I couldn't get a clear look at her face. She didn't move. Because she was so short I was having more trouble seeing her face. I didn't really want to bend down and get right in front of her to see her face. I kept asking her if I could help her with something. She didn't move and she didn't answer. I finally did bend down in front of her so I could see her face. I then realized that it was the person we had hired to work part-time at the front desk. After I got right in front of her face she looked up a little bit and acknowledged me with her eyes. I think she finally did say something to me. I asked her where she had been because we had hired her and she had worked a couple of days and then she just didn't come in for a week. She didn't call or anything else and now here she is just showing up. I started explaining to her that we had let Bill Cro and Blair K go. I asked her about working at the front desk and it didn't seem that would be a problem for her. I said something again, asking her again where she had been, why she hadn't shown up or call for a week. She said something about her period. I said, You just didn't come in because of your period? She said, Well. It started on Sunday and I didn't have to be here until Thursday. But we had hired her to work Tuesday through Friday. I didn't get what she said, didn't understand it, and didn't agree with it. This had taken me so much by surprise that I wasn't sure how to react or what to say. I said, Well, with all of the changes here recently I'm not sure what we're going to need with this position, what we want to do. I asked her how she would feel about coming in three days a week instead of what we had initially agreed to. She said that was absolutely fine. She actually seemed to like the idea. I was wondering how she could afford to work so little. I asked her if she would be okay. She said, Oh yes. That's fine. I went back in to talk to Bill C about it. He was going through some old folders and stuff. He filled out an application or resume for Bryan N and asked me what it was doing in there. I told him I was organizing and go through stuff and found that by itself so I just put it in the resume folder. I was going to go back and file it somewhere else later. He was pulling miscellaneous stuff out. Some of it he was throwing away and some of it he was pulling out to have me or CeeCee [unknown in waking life] do something with. He was also talking to a woman with the last name O'Hare [unknown in waking life]. He wanted me to look it up in the computer but I couldn't find it. I was spelling it O'Hare. He was in the computer looking at the same time and he found it, just as I did. I finally found it without the apostrophe and with a hyphenated last name. I said something about it being a duplicate record. I said that we need to get better at preventing or eliminating duplicate records. We talked about that a little bit.