There is a couple living in the country with their one child. They have a very run down home, not much more than a little shack. I don't see any other homes around there. I think the family may be has both of the parents are drinking and maybe even doing drugs. Maybe it's just an alcohol issue. There is something going on in the town that they live in. there's been a string of murders. This couple's child is a boy that is in preteen years. He is very interested in trying to solve this murder on his own or by listening to the news in the town. It seems that there are various officials around their property. I'm not sure if they're looking for clues, or evidence, or other bodies or what the deal is. There is a commercial size van or some other similar kind of vehicle. No, it seems more like a small camper. The wife is standing at a window of whatever this is. You can see her from the waste up. She has on a white t-shirt. They're all very scraggly looking, unkempt, unclean. The man goes out and is talking to his wife through a window. She leans down and he reaches up and grabs the neck of her shirt and yanks it down and rips it to where it's below her breasts but you still can't see much of her breasts. She's yelling at him saying that she gave up such a nice life for him and this kind of thing. He went back inside. Now I'm part of the dream, sitting at their kitchen table. I ask him if he wants to have a peach Schnapps with me. He sits down at the table while I'm asking him and behind him is another small table that has maybe a dozen or so bottles of different kinds of liquor sitting on it. As he reaches around I wonder if there is even any Peach Schnapps there or if there is any left. He finds it and grabs it. It's a fairly small bottle and it's clear liquid. I don't know if Peach Schnapps is clear or not. He opens it and pours it for me, pouring a lot. I keep saying, Stop. Stop. But he pours about a 12oz glass full. I guess I was going to drink it straight. We started drinking it. Somebody said something to us. The man and his wife are now sitting in a vehicle. Now there's a third woman out there also. The wife is sitting down with her back to me. The man is sitting with his right side to me, facing to my right, not directly at me. The other woman is standing to the left of the wife and facing me. They're having a conversation about something. I notice that the wife is drinking something she isn't supposed to be drinking. She has it sitting on the floor and it has a huge straw in it. She's drinking it out of there. She doesn't realize that she's doing it. I know that if he saw her he would be really angry. Now she's not there anymore and there are little wisps of smoke coming out of the straw that she had been drinking out of. Three men pulled up in an ambulance or a fire truck. They were possibly undercover, trying to find this person that they were after. They were pretty sure the person was in the house but no one had ever seen this person before. They were trying to lure this person out. One of the three men lay down on the stretcher and the other two covered him up as though he was dead. The other two took him into the house, thinking that they would be able to lure the person out that they were looking for by getting him to identify this dead body. Not by acting suspicious of him at all, but somehow this would bring this other person out because he would want to identify the body. As soon as he came out they were going to nab him. Now it seems there were more people in the house as well. The fire truck left. After it pulled away I noticed a big hole in the ground. I went over and looked down. There was a body in there. I started screaming. I let out a blood-curdling scream. Someone came out and lifted this body out of the hole and laid it on the ground. As they laid it on the ground it moved. We realized then that he had been hiding there, just waiting for someone to find him. The body rolled over and kicked the thing off that had been covering him up so he would look like a dead body and people wouldn't be able to tell he was alive. He stood up and he had a gun. I fell over and was lying on the ground on my back. He held the gun to my face or to my chest. Obviously, I was terrified. Now there's another man with him who also has a gun. They are rounding up the family and these other people. They're taking them all inside. They just leave me lying there. The man who had been holding a gun to my chest looked to the side at me as he began to walk away and walk the other people inside. I lay there for a few seconds thinking how odd that was. I didn't know if that meant it was okay with them if I got away. I didn't know if I should try to get up and get away. I didn't even know where to run to because there were no other buildings or anything around. I finally decided to get up and try to get away. I started to my left and I saw a door. I went in thinking that maybe there would be a good place in there to hide. When I got inside there were a bunch of different doors. They were all closed. I was going into them one at a time trying to decide if it was a good place to hide. I would go into one find out it was a little bitty space not much bigger than a bathroom. Even though I could lock the door they could just shoot through the door and kill me. I just kept checking doors, looking for a place that I thought was safe for me to get away. The last one that I went into entered into a long hallway that went to the left at the end. There was another doorway there. I decided that was my best bet so I closed the door behind me, locked it and proceeded down the hallway.