I was living in a very large, rustic home and had a teenage daughter. The woman from a one of the design shows, her name is Joan Stefan, but I can't remember the name of the show, was there to help us redecorate my daughter's room. She had brought another designer with her. It was Nadine G, from SAID. We had to leave while they did the room. When we came back one of my daughter's friends was with us as well. My daughter wasn't sure she liked the room. Her friend was kind of trying to sell her on it. I think her friend had been helping the decorators. The room was done in red and black velvet. She had a chandelier type light fixture. They had covered all of the arms of the chandelier in black velvet. The chandelier could easily be raised and lowered but I don't know if it was by something like a pulley or if it was electronically. They had other various black velvet accents in the room. The bedspread was red velvet. I liked it a lot - for her. The walls they had left the same as they were all a very natural, beautiful wood, as was the ceiling. It reminds me of the inside of a cabin. But it was much larger and it had very high vaulted ceilings. We began talking about redoing my room next. Nadine G was showing me some fabrics that were red and gold. I said that I had been thinking about red and black for myself, before they had used that in my daughter's room. Her and I neither one wanted our rooms to look so much alike. I suggested using cranberry or maroon. I said I love jewel tones. I asked my daughter if she thought that was different enough, if she would be okay with that as long as the designer made it look different enough. She said she would. I can't remember if she was also going to use some black accents in my room too. We either decided to use a different designer and/or we decided to change a few of the things in my daughter's room that she didn't like. So we began taking out the accessories that she didn't like. The designer said she would be taking those back. We wouldn't be paying for those then. She had taken monofilament and hung figurines from the ceiling all the way around the room. Along two adjoining walls she had hung a lot of them, only about six inches apart, on both of these walls, coming out from the corner. There were maybe a dozen on each wall. She had them attached them to the ceiling with gold or silver thumbtacks. We had a ladder that I was climbing up on to pull the thumbtacks out. Now there was a man there also, helping to clear these things out. The figurines were porcelain, or ceramic. We said something about how they were hung from the ceiling. The man had drilled holes through two sides of them to thread the monofilament through. He said when a designer wants something a certain way, he just has to figure out how to make it happen. I was moving the ladder along as I removed the thumbtacks and took the figurines down. As the ceiling got higher and higher I became a little more leery. I moved the ladder towards a higher point along the ceiling and when I went to step on the first step it toppled over. I didn't fall to the ground, but did fall off. I noticed then that one of the legs was broken just about 2 inches from the bottom. The bottom piece of the leg was either just partially still attached to the rest of the leg or it was crumbling. I can't tell for sure which. Someone said something about it being okay, that I shouldn't be climbing up that high anyway. I said I could only go so far even if I wanted to because I would get to a point where the ceiling would be too high and I wouldn't be able to reach it from even the top step of the ladder. Someone said the carpenter would have to come in and get those down. Some of the accessories used in redecorating the room belonged to my daughter. We were gathering those together in one place to make sure they didn't leave the room. There was a series of animals carved out of wood. I think they were all the same type of animal, maybe deer. But they were different sizes and in different stances. I see other things that we had moved as we began to clear out the things that we weren't going to keep. It almost looks like a 3-4 rectangle, 6-foot, fold-up tables. We had folded them up, I suppose, and put them in one corner of the room. My daughter had two low dressers in her room that also belonged to her.