I had gone to the 11:00 a.m. Mass at my church. Unlike in waking life there were pews in the entry area. I was in one of those pews. It was fairly crowded. I had people on both sides of me in my pew as well as the pews in front of and behind me being fairly full. There was only one other pew in front of me. We were standing, although I don't think Mass had begun yet. The woman to my right appeared to be about the same age, height, and size as myself, with shoulder-length blonde hair. She was a scheduled Eucharistic Minister at this Mass. Another woman walked up in front of the first pew and began to talk to the blonde woman to see if they needed a substitute for someone who had not shown up to be a Eucharistic Minister. Since I, too, am an Eucharistic Minister, when the 2nd woman walked away I took this opportunity to ask the woman to my right how they normally do things at the 11:00 a.m. Mass. She was very rude to me and answered my question as though she thought I was asking if they needed a sub today. She said if they did need someone they would get so-and-so. If they needed another they would get so-and-so. I can't remember the names. I think she also said one other person. She was so rude in the way she said it, as if to say, We don't need you, with the emphasis on you. I wasn't so bothered that they didn't need me to serve, but I was very bothered by the way she spoke to me and that she did not hear nor answer my actual question. I turned and walked out of church, even though Mass had not even started yet. I was walking around outside thinking about what, if anything, to do about this. I thought I would talk to Scott S. I saw him outside but didn't want to talk to him at that time since I knew Mass would begin soon and he was getting ready for that. Then I saw Father Eric and the servers for that Mass, but did not want to discuss it with him as I saw no need to bother him with it - especially since scheduling of Eucharistic Ministers and communicating procedures is Scott's responsibility. I must have said something briefly to Scott anyway however, and that I would like to talk to him later, as Father Eric overheard and responded in a kind of flip manner. I was bothered by this - both what he said and the way he said it. After Mass I found Scott. As I approached him he said he was very busy. He lived a house a few hundred yards from the church. He was loading things into his car. I didn't know that the parish provided a home for the Director of Liturgy. I promised him that I would only take two minutes so he agreed to have me come into his house. As I was telling him what happened he was eating something. Then he began talking to me about his mother, who apparently lives with him. Their house was very cluttered and he was looking through the clutter, boxes on the floor and stuff piled on and around the boxes, as he talked. Apparently she was an obese woman and that was one of the things he talked about. As he was talking she came out of another room. He introduced her to me. She didn't say anything but simply went into another room. Scott and I are now on bicycles. We were talking about bike riding and he asked me where I was headed. I said I was on my way to my mother's hometown. He seemed surprised and impressed. I said it wasn't that big of a deal, as it is only 8 miles away. He said he still didn't think he could go that far. We start peddling our way up a small incline and I tell him that this is the hard part. He is standing on the pedals now to get more leverage to get up the incline. I tell him that I don't have the advantage of a bicycle that I can do that with and it makes it tougher to get up the incline when I stay seated. Now we are in the living room of Scott's house, again, but there are a bunch of other people there who are also Eucharistic Ministers for the 11:00 a.m. Mass. We are discussing what happened earlier. Apparently the blonde woman has a good friend there and together they kind of rule the roost at the 11:00 a.m. Mass. As a way to resolve the situation they ask each of those two women and myself to tell the group a little about themselves. I tell them that I've been a member of the parish for about 16 years. That I am a spiritual director and dream practitioner, and that I also work as an Executive for a company that does sales training with a spiritual basis - teaching sales people to sale from a place of high intent. After hearing about each of us they ask everyone to vote. Everyone has a piece of white cardboard, about 12 x 12, and they are writing the name of the person they are voting for on that cardboard. Each person is asked, one by one, to say whom they voted for. As they do this, some of them make a few comments first, and then hold up their board as they say the name. The first 3 or 4 all voted for me and stated why. Some of them said good things first about the other two women, which I appreciated. It is interesting to note that when each person stated that they voted for me they called me Anna. The three women, myself included, that were being voted on did not vote. The vote was pretty much unanimous. I asked permission to say something. I said the following. It was not my intention to make these women, or anyone else uncomfortable or to try to force them to allow me to be a Eucharistic Minister at this Mass. My only purpose in bringing this up was to prevent anyone else in our church from feeling the way I felt this morning after talking to a member of the parish. Since the change in our Mass schedule and the subsequent change in when I am scheduled to serve as a Eucharistic Minister, I only wanted to find out how the people who have been ministers at this Mass in the past normally do things. What I don't think I said but was thinking was that instead of having my question heard and answered, I felt that an assumption had been made as to what I was going to ask, and their assumption was answered instead of my question. I feel I was spoken to in a very rude manner, based on what I considered to be very rude behavior on their part. That behavior being a seeming intent to only include certain people as Eucharistic Ministers at this Mass. I then said that because I did not desire to make anyone uncomfortable I would not force my participation in the 11:00 a.m. Mass, as this vote would have happen. Nor would I, in the future, ask if they needed a sub at that Mass. I offered to be asked if they do need someone and see me in attendance. I thought that would be best for everyone and I did not mind that at all. I again reinstated that my intent in bringing up the issue was solely to prevent other people from feeling, while in our church, the way I had felt in our church that morning.