I was at the CAS office. There were a number of people congregating there. It seems that they were coming for a meeting we had requested. They were waiting in the reception area. As they waited a vendor was delivering a dozen or more boxes of various sizes but all fairly large. Five of the boxes were computer monitors and five were computers. I don't know what the others were. I realized that Bill C must have ordered the computers for the new program he is starting, that he was going to set up five computer stations in the training room. I grabbed two of the boxes and began to drag them into the training room to get them out of the way as it was getting very crowded in the reception area and there was hardly anywhere left for someone to stand or to sit more boxes. I was surprised at how light the boxes were, unlike typical computer equipment. In the lobby right outside our office Bill C had arranged to hang some sculpture-like pieces. They were long, strips of some type of gold metal. They had a slightly hammered look to them. They were various lengths but some approximately five feet in length. They were all about one and a half to two feet in width. While all this other stuff was going on, these sculptures began falling to the ground. When the first one fell I commented that I was glad I wasn't standing under it or I might have been injured. After a couple more fell, I made a similar comment about being glad that no one else was being injured. A man who was there for the meeting asked me if we were still having the meeting or when we were going to start. I would guess his age to be in his 60's, from his grey hair. He was about 6 feet tall and medium build. He was wearing a grey suit, very average looking. There was another man there. He was little if any taller than me, maybe in his mid to late 30's, with very dark hair, and relatively thin. He was wearing a suit, looking very polished. A young woman came in for the meeting who was apparently a co-worker of the younger man. She was taller than he was, attractive, and also relatively thin. She was wearing professional attire. The two of them began chatting briefly and I heard him say, Good Girl. I turned and laughingly said, Good Girl? I was commenting on the chauvinistic sound of his comment. He said something to me about my questioning that. I'm not sure if he was being defensive, if he thought I was being too sensitive, or if he was just responding to me - but his response was at least presented in a light-hearted manner.