Working in SF again, but this time it seems that I have the access personally and am using it for home purposes. Though it is something other members of my family need or are or will be using. There were a number of us living with my parents. Myself, BJ, Jody S and Jason S. BJ began talking openly about dating Bob W. It seems that someone had told her about my memory of him so she had been hesitant to talk to me about it. I finally found out that after only two months they had gotten married and not told anyone, or at least not many people. When I found out my first reaction was concern. Concern because they had married after only two months, especially given that her first husband turned out to be a child molester. I think she finally told us because she was now going to be moving out to live with him. Something changed in my life and I was going to be moving out also. I wondered if Jody S and Jason S were going to stay or if they would now feel that they should move out as well. Some of us had driven somewhere. We knew that Daddy really wanted to see the ocean one time in his life. We thought we were going to be close enough to the ocean that he would be able to see it but it didn't work out that way. Later he and Aunt A had gone with a salesperson to look at a home or a car. They got lost trying to find what they were looking for. They drove someplace that took them to the edge of a cliff. In fact they came dangerously close to driving off the edge of the cliff. The strange thing is that they didn't even realize it. When they returned home and were telling us about it we realized how close they were to the ocean and that if they had known Daddy would have been able to see it. While they were gone I was at home with Mother. I'm not sure what I was doing. I realized that I had broken the fingernail on my left thumb way down low, about a quarter inch from the bottom of the nail. I knew how painful it was going to be when it came off. I went to Mother to see if she had any suggestions on what to do. She started talking about using a fake nail. I said I hadn't used any of those since I was a young woman. She reached over and pulled my natural nail off. As I saw her reach for it and realized what she was going to do I panicked at the thought of the pain. I was quickly relieved and pleasantly surprised when it just lifted off and didn't hurt at all. In fact, the bottom part of the nail came off as well. There was nothing left of the nail. I even touch the pad of my finger where the nail used to be and was surprised by how it felt. It was smooth, didn't hurt at all, and it looked very smooth and almost shiny. She handed me a fake nail for it. We talked for a couple minutes about fake nails. The one she handed me didn't fit well. I knew I was going to have to trim it to make it fit. I don't know how I was going to attach it though. I started thinking about how nice my nails used to look when I wore these and it might be nice to have my nails look like that again. Although, I really didn't want to go back to fake nails, I like having my nails be my own.