This dream has an interesting mix of characters. I am working at CAS, where we have a very large stockroom unlike in waking life. It reminds me of the stockrooms at the old People's Drug stores. The shelving is similar, made up of 2x4 corner posts and sheets of bare lumber for the shelving. The walking space between the shelves are approximately 5 feet in width and the width of the shelves are about 3 feet each. Except for the units along the walls two sets of shelves are placed back to back throughout the stockroom. The room has a very high ceiling. Most of the shelving units go almost all the way to the ceiling. One section of shelving in a corner is much lower than the others; much, much wider; and sturdy enough to be able to walk on it. It is low enough for a person to be able to climb to the top shelf and walk on it. I was in the stockroom going through products, but I don't know why. I noticed that some of the products were not shelved properly. I think I was looking at the various formats of BCB, though even this is different than in waking life. The product covers were all a very dark color. One of the products was in a three ring binder that was about 6 x 9 in size and was not shrink-wrapped. In this pile of binders were also some CD's and some booklets the size of the Tips booklet. The booklets were this same dark color. The binders were also stacked so they would have a tendency to fall, with the binding not be alternated every other one as you would need to stack them to prevent them from falling. I was standing there trying to put these things back where they belonged and straighten out the binders. As I was doing this I either realized that Bill C was back there or that he had come back while I was back there working. I heard something that told me he was rearranging the various things we had stored back there. It's something I had wanted to do but because it was going to be such a major project I couldn't do it alone and he had been postponing helping or getting me help to do it. I came out from between the shelving units where I was working to find out what was going on. Angie D from FCP was there as was Doug W and Ty P from the TV program Trading Spaces. I think a couple of the people there worked for Angie D. I immediately started helping them because I wanted to have a say in where things went. Currently some of the things that we rarely if ever used were stored on the shelves closest to the door and easiest to get to, while things that we use frequently were stored in the back. Some of the shelves had packing and shipping supplies like boxes. One of the shelving units near the door had Christmas decorations. On the one low shelving unit we had stored other Christmas decorations, mostly trees. I wanted to move these to a back location but also put all of the Christmas decorations together. I volunteered to climb up to the top walkable shelf and hand things down. I was talking as I climbed up there. There were numerous trees of various shapes and sizes. Some of them were fully decorated. I took the largest one and kind of dropped it into the waiting hands of 2 or 3 people. I think Angie D and Ty were two of the people who caught it. We thought we were done up there and then I spotted a couple of very small things, and told them to hold on while I got them. As I went back to get them, there was now more stuff up there, like a chest of drawers. On and around this furniture were various types of children's items. Some looked liked they were possibly toys, but there was also a small tabletop lamp and several things that seem to be nightlights. This part is either odd or sketchy. I wanted to make sure we didn't miss anything. Several times I said something like, Hold on. Here's another. Or Hold on. One more thing. There seemed to be numerous electrical outlets up there and each one had one of these nightlights in it. I was getting all of those to hand down to the people who were waiting on the floor to take things from me. But then there were also a couple of things, like on the top of the chest of drawers. On top of the chest of drawers were two items. One of them had a front piece that could be removed. I took just that part of that one item and left the rest of that item along with whatever else was sitting on top of that. Now it seems that there is someone else up there as well, helping me to collect these things. After I was back down on the floor I walked over to another shelving unit where someone was stacking something that had just been moved over there. She was standing and working right at the aisle end of that unit. There was only enough room for her to stand between the unit she was facing and the one behind her back. I said something about how close together they were. I said that wouldn't work. I tried and couldn't even fit between them. I was thinking it would be a hassle to correct it as we would have to remove everything that had already been placed there, move it, and then put everything back. One of the men came up, I think it might have been Ty, grabbed one of the corner posts and just pulled it across the floor to where it should be, allowing proper walking space between the shelving units.