I was at a restaurant on a blind date that I had agreed to meet through a dating service. It wasn't a bad date but it wasn't a great one either. Later, I don't know if it was the same day or a different day, I was at the same restaurant meeting another man through the dating service. After he and I met we agreed to get together again the next day. He left and I stayed. I had decided to do some schoolwork there at the restaurant before I went home. I stayed for quite awhile, so long so that I became very sleepy. I decided to just rest my head against the half-wall along the booth I was sitting in. I was going to nap for a few minutes before driving home so I wouldn't fall asleep while driving. I ended up sleeping there the entire night. I had curled my legs up on the bench and covered myself with a coat. In the morning I woke up just enough to start thinking about where I was and what was going on around me. I saw a man walk towards me, he looked at me kind of odd, and then walked on by. He came back and again and said, Anna F? It was the second man I had met the day before that I had agreed to meet again today. That really woke me up. I said yes as I sat up and ran my fingers through my hair, and lightly rubbed my face around my eyes. I apologized and told him what had obviously happened. He didn't seem to mind, but offered no reassurance so I wouldn't be so self-conscious about my appearance. He sat down in the booth across from me. Two friends of his came in and sat down with us. He was talking primarily to them. I said something to them about my falling asleep there and being self-conscious about my appearance that morning. Their reaction was the same. It didn't seem to bother them but they also offered no reassurance. I was noticing the hair of the man I was there to meet. It was very curly, reminded me of a late 70's or early 80's style for me. I didn't think it was that becoming on him but certainly didn't want to let that keep me from dating a good man. He got up and left the table and came back. When he came back his hair was now straight and shiny. At first I questioned it in my own mind, thinking, Didn't he have curly hair a few minutes ago? I don't think I said anything to him.