I had just taken a new job as a bellman at a hotel. The person who was training me was a young black man named Michael [unknown in waking life]. I had completed my training but had not helped a guest by myself yet, or even with anyone watching me. A black family came in to stay at the hotel. There were quite a few people in their party, maybe 12 or more. No one else was available to help them. Michael wasn't around and the other bellman working that shift was busy with other guests. I decided to help them because I was sure I could. I went to the computer to start the process. The computer was nothing more than a paper thin panel resting on a musician's stand. The panel showed two working screens at once, so two bellman could be working there at one time. The other bellman was working on the one screen and Michael was signed in to the other. I kept trying to set up my account on the screen where Michael had been logged in. I was having trouble because the stand was so unstable, it kept bouncing as I tried to type. I was also having trouble for some other reason. It was taking me way too long. Michael walked up and said it was taking me too long so he was going to go ahead and take care of this family, and proceeded to start the process. He went over to the luggage rack and began scanning their luggage with a hand-held scanner. Maybe he had put tickets with some kind of barcode on each piece of their luggage and he was scanning those. I asked if I could at least do that and he said no. Then I was going into their room with them. I don't know if Michael was with them or not. I went over to the window and showed them how to operate the drapery pull. I was also talking to them about other things and asking them if they wanted this or that. I was thinking that I needed to remember to ask them if they wanted me to get them some ice. In the meantime, they had gone into the bathroom and found the complimentary robes and had changed into them. The robes were gold satin. As I got ready to leave they stopped me to hand me a tip. I thought about saying something to Michael about the unstable computer stand. I quickly decided they probably would not be open to such a suggestion as everyone else seemed be doing well enough with what they had now.