I was flying to California to consider moving their for a job opportunity. Matthew was with me. He was only about 8 - 10 years old. He was sitting to my right on the plane. The plane seemed to be traveling on a track similar to a roller coaster, and it was perfectly normal. Even though we were on a normal sized commercial aircraft, we could see out the front window. We had come to a point in the flight, after we had entered California air space, when I knew what was coming. I remembered it from before. I warned Matthew but tried to reassure him so he wouldn't be frightened. I hated this part of the trip. As we looked out the front of the plane it seemed as if the track stopped in mid-air, and that we would tumble and crash. I tried to assure him that wasn't the case, that we just couldn't see the rest of the track from there. As we got to the point where the track seemed to end, you could suddenly see the rest of it - as I knew would be the case. But it did drop off into a steep decline, just like a roller coaster would. The rest of the flight was very much like a scary roller coaster. We are now at our destination but I don't know if we have a rental car that I am driving or how we are getting around. But we are on a highway and I decide to get off at an exit where I see a small restaurant or fast food place. It turns out that there are two very similar places there and I'm trying to decide which one we should be going to. We weren't going there to eat, but I don't know why we are going. I finally decide on one of them, but now I'm inside a place that looks like a hotel. It's the lobby but it also has tables for dining and a bar area out in the open, not in a separate room. It is very nicely decorated with very ambient lighting. There is a golden hue to the area. I'm walking around, almost as though I don't know where to go. I don't want to get the attention of anyone working there because I don't want them to approach me. I headed in one direction and realized that I was walking behind the bar, which was actually divided into three sections. I passed the second opening, between the last two sections, and quickly turned back so I could get from behind the bar using that opening. There were a number of people sitting at various places. I saw someone notice me walking around so I decided to go into the women room. I strongly dislike using dirty restrooms. Every stall that I started to go into was very nasty. The toilets seemed to be nearly overflowing with waste, and there was water or something and paper trash of some kind on the floor. I met eyes with a woman who was just coming out of one stall and she commented about the conditions. I decided to just leave. Now I'm with Matthew again and I tell him it's time to go home. I realize that we have only been there a short time, hours or less, and that is a long trip for such a short stay, but it is necessary. The flight was about three and a half to four hours. It's very odd, but I get on the plane to go home walking in front of Matthew. I go to the very back and sit down on bench seat that goes across the back. There is a large woman sitting to the far left, my left as I sit down, end of the bench. I sit towards the right end but not all the way to the end. Now a very, very large man comes back and sits down between us, but right next to me. He seems to be a very pleasant, good-natured man but this annoys me that he decides to sit there. I don't want to sit next to him on the flight, plus I want to make sure there is room for Matthew. I decide to move all the way to the end and tell the man that my son is going to be sitting with me. I think about sitting something on the bench between me and the man so no one else sits there. I also realize that there isn't much room between us. I feel kind of bad for moving and making Matthew sit there instead of me but decide that he won't mind the way I would, or for the same reasons. He doesn't mind being so physically close to people as I do. I start looking for Matthew and wondering what is keeping him. Then I spot him sitting in a row of seats quite a bit further to the front of the plane. I stand up and do something to get his attention to tell him I am back there so he can come back and sit with me. He stands up and turns around and that's when I notice he has made some new friends and there are all sitting together. I am very sad but decide to just let it go, to let him stay there because he'll have fun with his new friends and because it's a good thing that he has made these new friends.