I was at my birth home, though it looked different than in waking life. I was outside with Mother and I think some other family members. Mother was sitting in a lawn chair. There was a neighboring house fairly close to ours and the people who lived there were outside as well. I was working on the flowers, mostly ones that had been planted in flower pots. I was picking them up, carrying them over to the right side of the house where Mother was sitting and working on them there. I looked into one of the planters and was surprised at how low the soil had become. Mostly I was adding potting soil and watering them. We were talking as I was doing this. There were a lot of children playing outdoors - from the neighbor's house. I heard the man that lived next door say something about the children playing on the concrete. I looked up and saw a lot of children roller-blading on concrete in the backyard. I realized that it was in our backyard. He didn't seem to think anything of it - of them playing in our yard without asking. I looked up at Mother, wondering how she was feeling about it. I didn't get a sense of whether it bother her or not. I noticed that there was something on the concrete. At first I thought it was snow but then realized it wasn't cold enough outside to be snow so it must be sand. I have no idea why these two big squares of concrete were out there. The neighbor woman was close by and asked if we had seen her garden. Mother said she had a garden as well. I raised my head to look at both gardens. They were about the same size and far back in the yard. You might not even notice them if you didn't know they were there. They both seemed sparsely planted, with the plantings growing as though it were late spring or early summer. Now we were talking about some kind of newsletter that we all seemed involved with. I think maybe the neighbor's were putting it together for a group or organization that we all belonged to but I was editing or reviewing it. At first I thought it was not done well at all and was lacking a lot of much needed information. I decided to let go of those opinions and just review and edit for accuracy.