The mailer for my 1 mil campaign went out and my email box became quickly inundated with emails. I tried to click on one to see the message but couldn't read it because too many emails were coming in simultaneously. Once they finally subsided I was able to read one of them. Some of them were immediate responses, both positive and not so positive. Some of the emails explained why they weren't taking advantage of the offer. Some of the explanations were due to negative experiences with the company, some were neutral - no experience with the company either way but no negative reaction to the campaign, and some were positive feedback about the company and their reason for not taking advantage of the offer had nothing at all to do with us. I had a pile of little cardstock teddy bears in front of me. The body was brown with black facial features. And each one had a oval spot on it's tummy that was either purple or blue I think the other color was. There was a word in the color oval. The teddy bears were made with two pieces actually, the body and the head. They were attached by a bronze rivet that allowed the two pieces to stay attached to each other yet move independently - you could move the head in a complete 360 degree circle. They were all lying so that the head was hanging down, almost completely covering the body and the color oval. As I moved the head on each I could read the word on the oval. On some the word was subscribe. I don't know what the word was on the other because there would have been no need in this campaign for the word unsubscribe. I'm sure that wasn't it. I divided the teddy bears into two piles - one pile that had the word subscribe and the other pile had all the others in it. There were 101 in the subscribe pile. As I was counting I saw that emails were still coming in. I was excited that this was only the initial count. I also wanted to make sure I remembered the number so that when I woke up - and when the mailing actually did go out - I could compare the number from the dream to the actual number. I continued sorting through the teddy bears. I was talking to someone about the results that I was seeing so far, of subscribes, downloads, comments, etc. It seems that some of the ovals may have had the word yes in them, I think it meant that they wanted the free audio. The waking life campaign was not set up this way. If they subscribed to the online newsletter they were automatically taken to another web page where they could immediately download the free audio. No interaction needed with us for that. In waking life there would be no hard copy of anything either. Definitely no teddy bears or any such thing, just emails telling me that people were subscribing. Waking life campaign would also not provide easy access to a contact form for them to respond with feedback.