I am driving to the west side of town to deliver a covered dish related for something related to the 1 mil campaign - which makes absolutely no sense. I am driving but Barb M and one of my other CRHP sisters is in the car with me. I seem to be the only with a covered dish. I have made baked spaghetti. I am somewhat anxious about where we're going because it reminds me of KTC or John Mu. I'm not sure why. I think we might be going to the church that John belongs to. Barb M and the other person with me don't seem to be helping me at all with finding where we're going and I'm having trouble. I think I make a wrong turn once or twice. It seems that we're driving around an apartment or condominium complex. We finally find the place where we are to drop off the dish. It is someone's home. A couple comes to the door. As I'm walking away I'm thinking about what they said, though I didn't hear them say it in the dream. They said, What kind of people do this at this time of day. It is very early in the morning and I realize that they were not happy that to have been disturbed so early in the day. It didn't seem that early in the day to me. I forget that probably not a lot of other people routinely get up at 5 am. I think Barb M and the other woman with us waited in the car while I took the dish to the door. When I returned to the car I opened the trunk. In the trunk was a large purple storage container. I open the container and it is filled with food. It seems that other people have made spaghetti dishes and emptied them into this container as it is filled with different types of spaghetti. I think it's just food yet the way it looks it almost looks like there is a paper plate, somewhat folded over, in there as well. I empty my dish into this storage container, which is odd because I left it with the couple. I get back in the car and start driving home but then tell Barb M and the other woman with us that I want to stop and taste the spaghetti. I think if I do I will be able to answer the couple's question. I'm opening the trunk of the car and the storage container again.