I was in my mother's hometown on a Sunday evening after dark. Aunt H's house was also my bank. I drove across the front of the house, the house was to my left, and saw that it was closed. They had miniblinds on the front window and door and had them closed. I continue on around the side of the house to see if there was a drive-up window and as I rounded the corner I saw the drive up window at the back of the house. There were either 2 or 3 lanes. I saw cars in 2 lanes. I decided to just drive through as I only needed to make a deposit anyway. Aunt H didn't notice that it was me until after she had stamped something to show there was a $5 fee. As soon as she did that she realized it was me and was saying something about family discount. She took the black rubber stamp and was using it to try to mark out the previous $5 stamp. The stamp she was using, however, was rectangular in shape. In looked like the kind of date stamp that has several belts on it that allows you to turn it to change the day, month, or year. From my car it seemed that I was sitting right next to the drive up window. Aunt P was working at the window as well. Aunt P said something to Aunt H about not being able to use the internet. It was as though she were making fun of her. I think it was part of a conversation they were having with me. Aunt H didn't say much to defend herself. Aunt P also said something about typing in www. I said, you don't always have to do that. She didn't seem to hear me, or she ignored me. I tend to defend anyone that is being treated as an underdog. Whenever someone is talking that way to someone else I probably also tend to say things to bring the attacker down a notch - to show them that they don't know as much as they think they do, so they don't treat others that way. I took a scrap of paper with rough edges and begin to draw a kind of chart to help Aunt H understand the internet. I wrote something at the top and then drew about five circles in a row underneath that. I turned the paper over and did the same thing. In each circle I wrote one internet extension: org, net, edu, com, inc, gov. I'm sitting at a small round kitchen table with Aunt H and explaining my drawing on the second side. I told her to imagine the internet as the world. The world is made up of groups like government, business, schools, people. I went on to say that the internet is the same way and that each internet extension represents a particular group. Like the gov extension represents the government. There are a bunch of other family members in the house. Larry K and Sue K, some of their children and I think some of Linda W's children. They were in different rooms, not where we were. There is also a mature dog and some puppies there. I notice the older dog being really rough to one of the puppies and it really bothered me. The older dog keeps jumping on me and doing other things that is bothering me. Now I'm holding one of the puppies that is very calm and gentle and enjoying it. The dog now comes up and is licking the puppies face and being very gentle and nurturing. Someone, I think Sue K, comments on this - how nice it is, and how gentle the dog can be. We're sitting in another room now and quite a few of the other people are in this room, including Larry K. I don't remember what we're talking about. Someone is teasing him about something. Something is said that leads me to believe that all the weight he has lost has been a result of illness. He looked quite different in the dream, some features like hair color and glasses similar to in waking life, but in the dream he also looked heavier than currently in waking life. He is being light-hearted and laughing, as he usually is. There was also something about luggage.