CAS Closed I went to the CAS office after hours - it was night and dark outside. There was a woman on the first floor, working for the landlord in some capacity, that I had to talk to before I went up to our office suite. She gave me a key, I don't know why since I have one, and she also gave me a bag and a box that had two other bags in it. The bags looked like brown grocery bags but were about half that size. The tops were folded over and had a white piece of paper folded over as well and then had been stapled shut. I went up to the second floor to the door of our suite. I used her key to open it and put one foot in and put the single bag against it to hold the door open while I took the box with the other two bags inside. As I was doing this I noticed someone else on the same floor with similar bags. Before I even got inside I realized that the office was completely empty - no furniture or any sign of any company occupying the space. It was then that I realized that the key she had given me said 260 on it and my key to our office suite had number 256 on it. These were office suite numbers. So I thought I had gone into the wrong suite, but this is always where the door to our suite had been before. The bags seemed to have something to do with security but they also seem to have something to do with prescriptions. I have a sense that the other person on saw on the second floor was not supposed to be there. I'm talking to the woman again. I don't know if she came up to the second floor or if I went back down there. I'm explaining to her about the difference in the key and about the suite being empty. I somehow learn that Bill C has moved out - or I'm told that the company has closed. Obviously, I'm extremely upset by this. I'm very panicked. I leave the building and call Bill C. I think I may be talking to him from my car. He's being very flip, almost sarcastic, about closing the company and the way he did - leaving me to find out this way. As we talk I begin to realize that he didn't really close the company. He just decided to close the office and run the company from his home - he and Bryan N. That upset me even more. This is all very different than in waking life.