I was having a birthday party for myself at the DDSI office. I was at their office for some other reason, and I don't even know if it's the day of the party or not. I answered the phone and it was Sue P. She was calling to say she wasn't going to be able to make it and something about it being in New Delhi. I thought to myself that was on the opposite side of town and I started to tell her that the party was at their office but decided against it. I decided she probably just didn't want to come and was using that as an excuse so I just let it go. Then I was thinking something about Joanne N and the fact that it was at their office. Now I see Joanne N in the parking lot and I'm talking to her and get the impression that she doesn't know the party is at their office either. I drive to the mall. There aren't many cars in the parking lot. I park pretty far from the door anyway because I don't mind the walk - actually welcome it a bit. I went in to the section of the mall where the movie theater's are. I had gone in to the theater section looking for something or someone and then came back out. There were large wooden double doors to the main entrance of the theaters but I came out a side door. When I came out I noticed a long line of young men standing outside the main door. It was closing time. I smiled to myself because they were all their waiting to pick up their girlfriends when they get off work. Then I hear a woman in her late 20's or early 30's say something about boy bands. Now I realize that all these young men are members of boy bands. She is calling the bands one at a time to go in but I don't know why. I opened one of the doors and turned to look in but hardly did so. I don't know why or what I saw. I hardly even stopped walking as I did it. I realized that it was closing time and I needed to leave so I walked away. I was trying to remember where I parked so I exit the mall entrance that was closest to my car - now that it was dark outside, and actually pretty late at night. There were only a few workers left in the mall, one here and there. I passed two of them. They looked kind of scary to me in the way they were dressed and in their posture. One of them seemed to have a black hooded garment of some type on, with the hood pulled up over his or her head and I could barely see their face. But they looked up as I walked by. I barely made eye contact, looked quickly away and kept walking quickly and with determination. I came to a section where there was a metal wall divider that they pull across and lock when they close. About a hundred feet further down was another one. They were both just pulled partially across. I could have gotten by them on either end or in the middle. I guess each one was two parts. I thought it was best that I head this way to get to my car but wondered if I would be able to get back if I did. One man seemed to stop what he was doing and begin to follow me, but he was pushing a large rubber trash can on wheels. I pointed and shook my finger side to side at him and said Don't follow me. Don't follow me. I tried to walk faster, but still walking backwards so as not to turn my back on these men. I finally got to my vehicle. It was a small white pick-up, like the one Darren used to own. The workers had been scraping the snow in the parking lot and had practically buried the back-half of my truck up to the back of the cab. However the snow was also almost up the window on the drivers side as well. I pushed enough snow to the side to be able to open the door and get in. When I opened the door I saw about 12 inches of snow on the seat that I had put there before I went inside. I was getting a bit nervous now, trying to quickly move enough of that snow off of the seat so I could get in. I finally did and I got in and closed the door. I now opened the passenger door from the inside and was trying to push the rest of the snow from the seat out that door. Suddenly that man was standing behind me and opening the driver's side door. I was angry that he was there and angry with myself that I forgot to lock the door as soon as I got in. The man mockingly waved at me through the window and then opened the door and started to get in. I'm trying to scoot across the seat towards the driver's side door to push him back out with my body. As often happens in dreams I'm finding it hard to make myself move now. I do manage to get him out and get the door closed. But again, I'm having trouble moving to reach up and get the door locked. I don't know if I do or not. It seems there is something about the window being open, partially or all the way. I'm wondering why I didn't just start the engine and drive away just as soon as I got in since I was frightened anyway.