I went to my hotel room to change and go exercise. There were a few pieces of exercise equipment sitting outside my room to the left of my door - not to be used. The staff had placed it there temporarily, in the midst of moving it. Now I'm headed to my hotel room again to change to go exercise. This time there is even more equipment sitting outside the door. It's actually blocking my door now. I try to reach in-between the equipment to unlock the door, thinking that if I could get the door open I could squeeze between the pieces to get in. I did get it unlocked but I tried two or three times to go in and something on one piece of equipment kept moving as I did so and hit me in the head each time. I turned around to look for a staff member so I could ask them to have the equipment moved. The door to my room was poolside. There was only about 10-20 feet between my door and the edge of the pool. I saw a staff person in the distance and motioned to them about the equipment and said something about it. I'm not sure if they heard me since they weren't that close to me. I finally got into my room and began changing to go exercise. I was concerned that someone might see me changing. I put on my grey exercise outfit. Then I pulled on a lighter grey pair of exercise shorts. As I did this I was thinking that they were a little tight and got concerned that I had gained weight. Then I realized that I already had another pair on. This pair was tight because I was trying to put them on top of another pair. I wondered if this was a stylish exercise look, decided that it was, so I just kept both pairs on. Then I'm talking to someone about some male athletes who typically don't wear undergarments under their exercise clothes. He was saying this isn't a good thing for someone who is modest because an observer could accidentally see more than desired. I'm seeing a team of men playing beach volleyball. As one of them jumps up to hit the ball his pants fall down. I realize this is what the man was talking about. But the man whose pants had fallen down was wearing underwear. I couldn't help but notice. I saw he was wearing white briefs and was surprised by this because I didn't think it was cool for a man to wear that kind of underwear. With him being a young man I would have thought he would only be wearing things that were cool. 