I was with Bill F, Matthew and Rachel S in the city where I live. I think we were in something like a van because I was in a seat in a middle row and Rachel S was in a seat behind. I turned around because she said something to me as she was fastening her seat belt. I said that her mom and dad forgot to give us her booster seat and she said she doesn't have to use it anymore. I found that hard to believe since she is only five, but we didn't have much choice except to stay at home. Bill F and Matthew were in the front seats but I don't know who was driving. We were driving by BR Park. We saw a lot of people there. There was a place in the park, unlike in waking life, that was kind of like a river bed in width but not as deep as you would expect a river to be, and it seemed to be paved and light blue in color. Yet there was some water in it, maybe a little more than ankle deep. A path or roadway crossed over it at one point. There were a lot of people playing in the water. Matthew commented that he remembered he and I going there and doing that, but that it had been a long time. So we decided to stop and walk over there. Rachel S said she wanted to because she always enjoys chirping. I didn't even question what she meant by that word because I knew and it didn't strike me as odd at all. I've also gotten so used to her adult-like language that I didn't say anything about her saying, I always enjoy. When we got parked and got out of the car we also saw a small round area that looked somewhat like a wading pool, but that wasn't it's actual purpose. It was made with brick. There was also a round something in the middle, leaving a space about a foot in width where people were wading, either walking through the water or sitting by the edge dangling their feet in. Rachel S came up to me carrying a child's plastic picnic table. She turned it upside down and was doing something. I said, No. This is a picnic table. I turned it over and sat it upright. She got a little upset with me and headed over to the wading pool thing. I told her she needed to remove her shoes and socks. As she did she kicked them under something so I bent over to pick them up. I put her socks in her shoes so they wouldn't get lost and they walked over to the wading area with her. She decided she didn't want to get in there but I'm not sure why. There was another area with water in it also. It was more rectangular in shape. The water was a little deeper, like up to the knees on Matthew. He was in there. I picked up Rachel S under the arms and asked Matthew to take her and let her dangle her legs and feet in the water. Now she was in a pair of shorts and t-shirts but before she had been in a dress. I knew the water was too deep for her to stand in it by herself and I didn't want her to get her clothes wet.