I was doing laundry, but I don't know where. BJ came up and was going to do a load also. She asked me about something so I bent down to the ground to check a water drain. I was outside now and there was a hole in the grass about six inches in diameter. There was a beige rubber cover for it that was supposed to provide a seal when you put it on. It was kind of bent in almost in half though and couldn't be undone to actually cover the hole or provide a seal. I could see water almost up to the edge. The cover was actually floating on the water on the inside of the hole rather than lying outside of it. There was another where BJ was standing, but her's fit and worked the way it was supposed to. There was some laundry lying on top of the machines. The washer was to the right of the dryer. I had clothes in the dryer and some clothes on top of it. BJ had put clothes in the washer. I noticed that she didn't separate her permanent press things from her towels and such. I figured that she did it because she only had enough for one load so she put it all together instead of doing two small loads. I thought that if I had known she could have just done hers with mine. I was getting ready to take Matthew to the dentist. He was about the same age as he is in waking life. I said something about his dental insurance, or asking him if he is insured. Then I asked him if he wanted to see the same dentist he saw the last time and he said yes. I knew he had seen Doctor Alison [unknown in waking life], my dentist's partner. I was standing in front of a four-drawer filing cabinet that was a bit shorter than normal and the overall dimensions of the drawers and files were smaller than normal. The top drawer had tabbed cardboard dividers in it that had hand-written labels on them. They weren't very easy to see. The files seemed to be a bit of a mess. I found the one that said Alison on it and pulled it out just a bit then put it back in. As I was doing this I remembered that Doctor Alison is female and wondered how I would feel about a female dentist - if it would make me more comfortable. Though I've always really liked my own dentist. I went in the house to get my purse and saw Bev's purse lying there as well. She was a child of about six. She came in and was going to go with me. I said, Do you want your purse, missy? She indicated that she did so I picked it up and handed it to her as we were on our way out. I saw three of Darren's employees as I was headed out - two women and a man. They were all dressed in black and orange for Halloween. They thought he was gone for the day so they were skipping out of work and going to do something for Halloween. They seemed angry that I had caught them. Their first response was denial that they were doing anything wrong and then they just acted as if they didn't care. Darren was there as well. One of these women was going to drive and I was getting in the front seat with her. Darren and Bev were going to get in the back seat. This woman started pulling away as he was helping Bev into the car. I started screaming at her, Stop. Stop. Stop. She looked at me and kept driving. I kept turning my head between her and the back of the car trying to see where Bev was but couldn't see her. The other woman was in the backseat and was yelling at her as well. We kept yelling. I was getting so angry. I didn't understand why she wouldn't stop and didn't know what to do. I think I finally grabbed the steering wheel and yanked it so the car would go off the road. She finally stopped. At that point I realized that Bev had not been hurt - that either Darren had pulled her away from the car in time to prevent her from being hurt or she had stepped far enough away in time to not be hurt. I was so angry.