I was working on some kind of project with my siblings. It seems to have something to do with either our parents or the entire family. The imagery in one part of this dream reminds me of the computer card game FreeCell, but we were definitely not playing a card game and I don't think it was on a computer. It seems that I was the one working on this part. Just like in the card game, I was putting groups of similar things together. Then I would move them, back and forth as able or appropriate. Again, just like the card game. And even the things I was grouping and moving seemed to be the same size as playing cards and seemed to be laid out like a FreeCell game board. There was also an image that reminds me of a giant neon billboard, where individual letters and numbers were made up of a series of lightbulbs. I can only remember one of the four words or groups of words. It said 100%. I had it put up. Brian F had something put up. I was talking to BJ and said something what Brian F put up needing the word of in it. She told me that she had said something to him about it - that I had mentioned that and she told me his response. I thought about what she said, and the very fact that she said it made me determined not to change it. Later, BJ and I were in a car together. She was driving. We went to Grandma F's house. I think she was dropping me off there, like my car had been parked there. I was going to go home from there. We both got out of the car and hugged. We were still talking about something - something very sad or worrisome about the family - and we both started crying a little bit. As I was hugging her and talking I saw Rosemary B drive up, seemingly from the field, but in a car. It was as though she lived back there somewhere and it was perfectly natural for her to be driving up from there. I knew she would be wondering what was going on and talking to people in town about it. I had mixed feelings about this. It bothered me some and yet I didn't care. Actually, I think it bothered me a lot but I wanted to not care.