Our CIIS was meeting at Karyn L's. She was living in a two-story townhome. The neighborhood looked very similar to my own, at times even seemed to be my own. When I arrived she was doing something in the kitchen and invited me to go upstairs where the others were gathering. There was a large open room up there, maybe a living room. I went up and began saying hello and chatting with people. It wasn't the kind of greeting we would typically have in waking life though, no hugs or anything like that. After a few minutes I decided to go home and get something and come right back. I didn't think I could make it back before we began but decided to go anyway. We were supposed to begin at 9:30 am. As I was walking back I saw all of the teenagers gathering at different places to get on the school bus. I was walking alongside two black girls who were headed the same direction as I. We were chatting casually and I said something about where we were each headed. They pointed out that I was headed to one side of one building and they were headed to the other and I nodded in agreement. Yet, when we parted company we did just the opposite. As I went to the other side of that building there were a bunch of teenagers gathered there and they had music playing and were dancing. I smiled as I watched them dancing and having fun. I made my way through them to the end of the building. I double-checked the last door on the building to see if it might be the door to Karyn L's. There was a screen door and the other door was open so I could see in. It didn't appear to be the right one. I realized the house numbers were either not visible or very hard to find. I walked around the end of the building and tried to remember if her's was the last door or second to last. Again, I had trouble finding the house numbers and wasn't even sure I remembered what they were if I did see them. I looked in another screen door and decided this was the right one, so I went in. As I did so Karyn L was finishing up whatever she was doing in the kitchen. She had a very large dog. It reminded me of a chocolate lab. It didn't bark and wasn't aggressive but it did come up to me. I put my hand underneath its jaw and moved it a little - partly as an affectionate gesture but partly so he wouldn't slobber on me. I did this as I walked past him and followed Karyn L upstairs. As we got to the stairs she had a small dinner bell that she began to ring to let everyone know it was time to start. I looked at my watch and it was nearly 9:45. I noticed that we weren't starting on time, which wasn't unusual, but I was also glad because that meant I wasn't late.