At some point I said to myself, This is weekend at Bernie's. But I've never watched that movie. Yet, it wasn't a movie in the dream, it was something that we were living. Most of the time I was with just one other woman, but there seemed to be a group of people who knew each other and were together. We were in an area that looked like an apartment complex. Myself and the woman I seemed to be with primarily were moving stuff from the back of a pickup truck into the back of another pickup truck. Our husband was helping us and we were thanking him for being so nice about this. As we were finishing up he went inside. As soon as he did we did something to another woman, who also seems to be his wife. Her hair was blonde, straight, and the length was just above the shoulders. She was average-size, average-size for American women in today's society. I think we just knocked her out - so we would be alone with him. We wanted to leave her in the first pickup truck, which is why we wanted to move the other stuff to the other pickup truck, so he wouldn't know what we were up to. He came back out because we were getting ready to go somewhere. He said he had to use the bathroom before we left and we panicked because we thought he would have to walk past the other truck and then he might see what we did. He returned from the bathroom with a handkerchief in his hand and he appeared to be crying. Then we really panicked because we thought he did see and was crying because we had killed the other woman. As he walked towards us he either spit something into his handkerchief or wiped something from his mouth. He looked to be something round, about 1/2 inch in diameter. Then he said something to the effect of, When did they stop the dripping at the urinals? This is why he was upset, but we realized that he wasn't crying and we realized that the bathroom was close by so he didn't have to walk by the other truck at all. We thought we were clear. He got in the driver's side and I climbed in the passenger side. He said something warm about me being there and I responded in like manner. I buckled my seatbelt but then unbuckled it because I realized the other woman I was with would need to get in also. As I moved over to the center of the bench seat in the truck I said something to him about being even closer to him and he smiled. She got in. I wasn't sure where the seatbelt was for the middle of the bench but found it quickly and buckled it. I put my left hand flat between his thighs and placed my right hand on his right arm as we got comfortable for the drive. He was wearing a short-sleeved shirt and shorts. I noticed what a nice tan he had on his arms and legs. As we prepared to pull away we noticed some emergency workers coming from the direction of our other truck. They were carrying a stretcher that appeared to have a dead body on it. Once again we panicked, realizing that they found the other woman and now our husband was going to find out that something happened to her, and maybe that we did it. As the EMT's walked by with the stretcher we realized her head was uncovered. She turned her head, looked at us - primarily at our husband - and lifted her head and mouthed something to him. The gist of it seemed to be what's going on? Now the woman I've been collaborating with and myself went inside where some of the other women we knew were sitting and talking. Someone said something about what happened to the third woman and the fact that she would no longer be able to run for or hold the office she had been holding. Someone said, I vote for ____. It was myself or the other woman I was with. They were not going to have an election but rather just decide right then and there and make it effective immediately.