I was in a restaurant. 2 women were standing in front of me. One was saying to the other, "It sure is crowded...Oh look I see a spot. Do you mind if we sit at separate tables?" The other woman replied, "Yes, I mind. I don't want to be alone." Then the other woman saw a spot, near a man. She said, "Look, a man, over by the man. We can sit there." I was embarrassed and walked past them. I was looking for the restroom. The place was crowded. I walked to the back of the room. A long line of men were waiting for the men's restroom. I noticed there was no one waiting for the women's room. I thought, "Oh, because there aren't many women here." I walked past a bench with 3 men on it. They looked at me. I felt nervous and dropped eye contact. I had to step over 2 men in wheelchairs that were in the way. I went to the women's room. It was empty. I looked into the stalls. One was filled with vomit. I yelled out, "Nate!" all annoyed. He came in to fix the toilets. He flushed one. It worked and filled with clean water. He looked at me and I at him like, "Ah, good work." Then as he started to leave, it flushed again. We could tell by the sound that it was going to overflow. I looked around for someplace to sit, to get my feet up. I sat on the sink. The sewage and water spilled out on the floor and made a stream to the door, past me. Some women were coming in. I waved them to back up. I said, "Get out, this place isn't working." The water was getting higher. I thought, "If I stay here, I might drown," and then I knew that I couldn't, because the water was flowing out of the room. By now, I saw that the water was coming from a river, cold, clear water slightly contaminated with sewage. The water was waist high. George came up to me. He put his right hand to Andrea and with his left hand, he took my hand and pulled us into the water. We were going to swim for safety. I was a little annoyed. I didn't particularly feel I needed saving. He pulled me through the water. I tried to keep my cigs dry by holding them up and I tried to keep my head out of the water. When I kicked my feet or assisted, I got water in my face. When I let George pull, I was fine. We went through a door (the back of the toilet stall that had been a wall). A general in the army came up to me. I noticed that my feet touched bottom; the water was chest high. He looked at me with respect and compassion. He said, "After you get past this door, you probably won't remember much but that's for the best." His tone and face indicated I had been very heroic and had been through a difficult time. We swam along. He asked me what brand I smoked. I smiled. I said, "Salems." He said, "Oh, good." He had Salems and was so pleased he wouldn't have to offend me with a different brand. I noticed that the Salems he offered me were shorter. I said, "Oh, well, that's O.K." We swam into a lobby. I saw a young "Mickey Rooney" movie star. He was full of ego, asking people in a seemingly offhand way if they thought he was a good actor. Then someone said to me, "Have you seen the movie '2 soccors'?," a story of 2 women who heroically trained for a race, or to play the game of soccer. I saw the woman training, running straight up a tracked hill and the pain and the exhaustion on their faces. I admired their guts. Then I said, "I didn't like the movie because the movie featured the trials and tribulations of Robert Redford (a grown up Mickey Rooney), and only indirectly told the story of these brave women." Real sexist. I then saw Robert Redford up in a plane. It was about to explode and then it did. He reached back and picked up something and fell out. I thought, "Ugh, how awful to be falling to Earth and knowing that in a few seconds you'll be dead." A bunch of jet planes, with flames coming out of the after burners, saw him fall and turned in formation to get to him. I thought, "How silly. So many of them and they can't do any good." He crashed. I saw the jet land and was amazed how fast they could land. Then I walked back to the restaurant and the dream cycled over again.