I was in a huge store that appeared to be a combination of grocery store and other items. The shelves weren't as high as in a typical grocery store. They were just a little taller than I am and I could see over the top of them just enough to see other parts of the store. Twice I asked employees to direct me to something I was trying to find and they walked with me to where the item was located. The third time I asked the store manager where something was located and he just gave me very vague directions and pointed to the general area. I said, Okay. I'll try to find it, and walked over to that area. He had something about where the grocery section starts. As I neared that area I better understood what he meant. I saw that there was a restaurant in the store as well. The restaurant tables were 8 foot rectangles made of heavy, natural-colored wood. It had a very rustic look and feel. Just past the last table in one section I noticed that is where the grocery section of the store started. I think it was lunchtime because the restaurant tables seemed to be completely full. I was thinking that many professional workers must be on their lunch break. Now I am in another part of this building and talking to a friend about meeting me there for lunch. We are both attending a conference there - it seems maybe an SAID conference. I have another friend that I invited to the conference and she was attending for the first time. I realize that I should be having lunch with her since I invited her, it's her first time there, and she doesn't know anyone yet. I invite her to meet me for lunch at the same time and place. As I approach the table I say something like, Yes. I have two friends. There's no reason why I can't have lunch with both at the same time. My reasoning is that it gives the new person an opportunity to meet someone else at the conference. As we're having lunch we're discussing the possibility of this place hosting a conference - again, the SAID conference. Some issue comes up about ice and I tell the employee that it is something they will need to address if they truly want to be considered as an SAID conference facility. A bit later something comes up about soft drinks. This time, a manager explains the situation to me. He is a younger man, maybe early thirties, with dark black hair trimmed close to his head. He has olive skin. I think he looks like a typical New York Italian and just as quickly think what a stereotypical thought that is and how inappropriate it is for me to think something like that. I don't like it that I had such a thought. I understood what he meant when he explained about the soft drink problem. He was sitting at a far side of the room with some other people, while I was sitting more near the middle of the room with my friends. I told him I understood about the problem but that, again, it is something that would need to be addressed if the location was to seriously be considered as an SAID conference site.