I was talking to someone about a woman who goes into the gym through the back entrance. intended for employees. No one ever questions her because of her physical condition. They assume she is an employee because she is in such good shape. I don't know why it would be considered sneaking in because going in the back simply meant you could get by without showing your membership card. I think a lot of members go in that door, including myself. In fact, the next time I went I entered through that door. I went into a back corner of the locker room and put my things into a locker. The locker room was kind of like a maze in that it had several aisles and some of them turned to enter other aisles and others were dead ends. Twice I turned from my locker to go out to the gym and found myself at a dead end. Another member, a man, noticed me do this and I said to him that I keep forgetting the way out. I pointed in the direction that I needed to go. I realized then that I was also in the men's section of the lockers so I got my things and moved them over to the women's lockers. Again, I went to a back corner. There was something(s) hanging over the locker I chose. Maybe a few hangers with shirts on them. I simply brushed them to the side far enough to get the locker open and put my things in. I decided to go out front and get a key for the locker. This was also something that a member would do on their honor if they came in the back entrance. something that other woman doesn't do. There's an image of her doing something but not in the typical gym setting. it's almost as though I'm seeing her perform some kind of acrobatics. maybe in the air. I'm noticing her physical shape and thinking that she is in good shape but I'm still not sure why people are, or would, make such a big deal about it. or mistake her for an employee. I went out to get a key for the locker. There is an employee standing at a podium at the entrance to the workout area. She asks to see my membership card and I tell her I forgot and left in my locker and that I'll go get it. As I turn to do that she stops me and I think she is going to get a key for me anyway but she is pushing things around on the podium looking for something in particular and doesn't seem able to find it. When I go back into the locker room I notice that there are a lot of people in there now, and it seems to be both genders. There is something set up now that I think are supposed to be massage tables, but they appear to be made of black steel legs and frames with natural-colored wicker making up the rest of the table. I think about whether or not I want to get a massage.