I had filled one of my bird feeders with a feed that I thought was appropriate for one particular type of bird. There was some kind of problem with the feeder itself and Daddy was trying to help me fix it. Someone else is there as well. The rest of this is simply bizarre. It is a tube feeder that is less than 12 inches long and I have it in something that looks like a miniature duffel bag. barely longer than the feeder itself. Daddy has his face up against the feeder. and his face is smaller than the feeder itself. It's as though he is in the duffel bag also. I am pouring more seed into the duffel bag as he has his face against it. this is how we've decided to fix whatever the problem is. Then I decide that it might work better if we pull the bag closed a bit and tip it to one end. The other person with me helps me to do this. We seem to be covering Daddy's head and I hear him say that is working but that he can't breath so we quickly stop and move the seed away from his head and he gets away. Just at the time I get a nasty email from a bird telling me to stop giving them that poisonous, though that wasn't the word it used, birdseed. I thought, he doesn't know that I'm fixing it, because I didn't put the wrong seed in there intentionally to begin with. Then I have an image of a bunch of bird seed, like a long row that is piled up in the middle of the row. more than 12 inches long and about six inches wide. Most of it looks like the little, round, gold grain that seems to be one of the most common birdseeds, though I can't think what it's called right now. There are also seems to be a section of it that has something on top of it that looks like chocolate chips. I'm thinking about the chocolate chips. either about whether I've used them before or if they're safe for birds in general or if they're okay for this particular or it seems maybe even that this bird will be pleased when he sees the chocolate chips. Maybe even that when he sees the chocolate chips he won't be upset anymore or he'll know that I made a mistake the first time and he'll see that I was already trying to correct it.