I was with Bill C. I was lying in a bed and in a room that was very dimly lit. He came in and lay down with me, lying on his back, but he moved very close to me. Our bodies were actually touching. We were both fully dressed. We were going to work on something or discuss business. I debated what to do, whether to move away, or whether to act like I didn't notice, or whether to think it wasn't a big deal. I was also wondering if he even noticed what he did or if he did, what, if anything, it meant. I decided not to move away, and not to worry about it if my movement made our bodies connect more. He turned over so his back was to me, in a spooning position, and backed up so that our bodies would be touching again. Now I was becoming a bit uncomfortable because I've always been very careful not to cross any lines with Bill C and he has never crossed any lines either. Because of our prior conversation(s) about coworkers hugging, I was surprised by this behavior. Part of me was comfortable with it, and possibly even enjoyed or welcomed it, yet part of me was very uncomfortable with it because he is my employer and he is married. Jane C was in another part of the office so I was especially surprised by his behavior when Jane C was in the office. This is, however, what made me feel that it was no big deal. I just knew that Bill C would not be unfaithful to Jane C. Still, I think I did back away once and he just backed up again so that our bodies were touching again. Now he is lying on his back again and we are discussing business. I lay my hand against his chest, maybe even without thinking. There isn't much light in the room. I change my position to either see him better while I'm talking to him, or to reach for something. My face comes very close to his. This happens more than once. Finally, he says something to me about it, about not worrying about our faces touching and he begins to kiss me. I want to stop because Jane C is in the other room, and because while the desire is certainly there, I still don't want to get involved with Bill C in this way. I then realize that Jane C is out of the office for a little while. We hear her come in. She is talking to us from the other room, knowing that we are in there together but not being suspicious at all of what we might be doing. I'm the first to start scrambling. I try to figure out where I can go before she sees me and wonders what is going on. There seems to be a closet or a storage room of some sort off the room where we were. I head in there. Jane C is still talking to us and as I'm in this other area Jane C walks into the room where Bill C and I were. She is still not suspicious at all. Now she comes into the room where I am to put something away. She is startled when she sees me there, but still not at all suspicious. I apologize for startling her and say that I went in there to get something. 