I'm supposed to go to a city on a plane - I'm running behind all the way. I live in a small frame house on a quiet little street in a neighborhood near the airport, with my stepmother and Dad and I supposemy brother - everybody's going out but Dad, and while I'm packing they all leave. (There was some question about whether Dad would leave too, and I think someone reminds him to lock the door.) I throw things in the suitcase and run on out to the bus stop. The bus stop is only a block or so away. It's dusk, getting later, and I get on a bus after a fidgety wait, and realize it's the wrong one. (I think; not sure about this point.) Also, I've opened the suitcase to refold something and found that I've forgotten very important things like a sweater or something to keep warm with, and I know I have to go back. I've got only half an hour, which is pretty desperate. I know I'll have to drive my car instead of taking the bus. Hadn't wanted to do that because I didn't want to pay to leave it at the airport, but maybe Dad can drive it back and I'll just have to trust him. (I hadn't before.) I know I've got to get off this bus right away, before I get too far to get home, so I throw stuff back in the suitcase and run to the front to stop the driver. Somehow I run back home (even though the case is heavy - perhaps I don't even have it). I go around to the back door first, hoping that either Dad's home or he's left it unlocked. (There seems to be something right in front of the door, which at first I thought was propping it open, but the door is shut.) It is unlocked - I turn the knob and go in, and he's on the couch in the living room watching TV. I run to get clothes, including a nightgown and slippers, and when I open the suitcase, I wonder about the typewriter that's in there. [This is my ex's old typewriter.] I don't really remember putting it there, and I don't think I really need it - after another moment or two I decide to take it out - it's heavy and I can get along much better without it. I check the time and find I've now got 20 minutes (or is it 10?). Things are getting pretty hairy. I am looking at a purple sweater or jacket that I wear with a T-shirt or something else short-sleeved, and find that I haven't got that because my brother's wearing it, which I don't appreciate. How inconsiderate of him to wear my shirt when I want it. Dadand I do get in the car and go on to the airport, but I don't know if I get there in time.