I was at the CAS office, though it looked very different than in waking life. The main room was a very large square room with at least one very large rectangular table. There was stuff all over it and there were several people there, none of whom I can identify. I was sitting there and noticing that there was something unusual about my computer armrest. I finally realized that it had somehow lost some of its beads. I thought it probably had just gotten torn and some of the beads had fallen out. I went into another much smaller room for something and came back out. Now the armrest was even smaller, in fact, it looked like it had been chewed apart and only about 1/5 of the material was still left and the one edge of the fabric was all torn and ragged. It was at this point that I realized there were either rats or mice in the office and they had done this. I realized that I needed to get rid of any food in the office. I was thinking probably about the packages of crackers that I keep in the one cabinet for me to occasionally snack on or have with soup when I work late. I didn't know why they would be a problem since they were tightly packaged, but it was the first thing I thought of. I went back into the other room where that cabinet was and there was stuff sitting everywhere. It was as though there were boxes of stuff piled on the floor, up to my shoulders. But either on top of the boxes or maybe in some open boxes there was also food. It was different kinds of chips, like potato chips, corn chips, and several different kinds of tortilla chips. I tried one of each to see what they were. I was telling someone else what it was as I tried each one. One of the tortilla chips had some kind of bits in them that were lavender. That was the one I really liked. I went back out to the large room and I saw a bunch of mice or rats under the table there were probably six or more. I stood on a chair because I didn't want them getting close to me or running across my feet. There was someone else there and we were saying something about them.