I went to my birth home for Halloween. There were a lot of us that were going Trick or Treating. I arrived in costume. Most of the others were in costume as well. Two of Uncle P's sons were there to go with us, but they weren't going to wear costumes. At the last minute I decided not to go. I and someone else, maybe Macy F, helped Brian F with his costume. It seems that it was some kind of a bug. It was shaped like an M &amp; M, red, very soft and fluffy like a pillow, but it had four long thin cords sewn on at the left side of his body and after he put the costume on these cords had to be taken across the front of his body and attached on the right side. They weren't tight across the front at all. It was more like they formed a bit of an arch, yet there was nothing in them that should have allowed them to hold an arch shape. Also, they weren't supposed to be attached in the same order on the right side as on the left. So we were trying to figure out where each one got attached and keep them untangled etc. There was something like a button on the end of each one and that button went into a hole in the fabric that looked like someone had just cut or torn a tiny hole in the fabric. It wasn't an actual buttonhole. Just a few minutes after two people came back in to get something from one of the bedrooms. They were talking excitedly about how much candy they had gotten already. They each said they had over 100 pieces already. The front door was open and I heard someone just outside of it talking about something in the living room. As I went out there to see what was going on I noticed that one of them was just getting ready to throw something at a candle we had lit. It was like a votive candle in a clear glass candleholder, similar to mine on my altar. As he was getting ready to throw it someone with him said, Go ahead. Take your best shot. I wasn't in time to prevent what he threw from hitting the candle but I did catch it as it started to fall and prevented it from hitting the floor or starting a fire. As I caught it I looked at them. I don't know if they were children or adults. or even real people, though I assumed they were children in costume. The face of the one was very close to the floor and had a head similar to what you see depicted in movies as an alien. It was oversized, with no hair. As I looked at him he turned his head almost completely sideways, gave me a very odd look and then seemed to disappear. One of the people with him, the size of an adolescent, had turned and walked away as soon as I had come into sight. The third, also the size of an adolescent, just stood there looking at me. He was also in costume. It wasn't an alien costume but something intended to be frightening. I decided to go out with my family members who had returned to get something. I asked where the bags were but as I asked I saw them in a box. They were brown paper grocery sacks. That's what we were using for Trick-or-Treating.