I went with Matthew for a campus visit to SMW. Although, I'm not sure we were even on campus because it looked much different than waking life. It looked more like we were on a business district street in a small town, and the street was lined with buildings. Each doorway was a different part of the school. I'm not sure if each one was a different area of study, or each one a professor, or something else yet. There were tons of people there, mostly female as SMW is primarily a female college. I was thinking about this and somewhat surprised that Matthew would want to attend a female college, because the men who were enrolled here were working on their masters in Theology. Somehow I came to realize that there were now a small number of young men enrolled in a bachelor degree program there. I don't know if I knew that because I saw a few there that day, or if Matthew said it or maybe someone else said that to me or maybe it was just a remembering in the dream. Matthew seemed to be very interested in the school. He was having a lot of fun there. We were both having a lot of fun. In some place there were people who worked for the school sitting outside of some of the entrances. They were sitting at small tables to greet or answer questions. One woman said something to me about my attitude and energy. something to the effect of how good it is for Matthew to have a Mom who is such fun. I said, but this place is a lot of fun. We went into this room that was some kind of a huge congregating area. In some parts of the room there were large round tables with chairs all around them. In other parts of the room there were sitting areas with sofas and more comfortable chairs. Some of the round tables were occupied by professors and employees of the school. As we were walking through I turned my head a couple of times to look at two of these tables. I'm not sure if I turned because I recognized someone at one of those tables, because I just thought I did, or to see if someone I knew was sitting there. As I did this I lost Matthew. He didn't realize that I was no longer right behind him and he had gotten a bit ahead of me. As I continued a man from one of those tables I had kept looking at stood up and called out to me, asking where Matthew was. I realized that he wanted to talk with him. I think he had already been planning to talk with him. I pointed ahead of me as I said that he was just up ahead of me, but I kept walking. Matthew had stopped to talk with someone else so I caught up with him quickly. He saw me and headed towards me as the man who had spoken to me came up behind me.