Bill C hired a bunch of new consultants. Bryan N no longer worked there. Bill C had hired another man older than Bryan N but younger than us, who was going to be working out of Bryan N's office and managing all of the new consultants. There was a young blonde woman in my office and there were 2 or 3 other people working out of an office in the back. Where the door to the supply closet is in waking life was the door to a large room where we had set up quite a few workstations. All of the new consultants were going to be working out of this office. There were two young women with black hair and one young black man. There was another woman there who was helping us with the physical aspect of getting everyone set up. It was Amy Wynne from the TV program Trading Spaces. There was a computer in the back work area that was supposed to be mine. One of the dark-haired new girls was working at it, viewing a video. It didn't look like a typical computer tower. It was sitting on top of a table and from what would be the front of the tower the computer was very recessed from the shell and it looked very dark inside the recess. I could see that the employee had inserted a VHS tape into the front of the computer for viewing. I said something about this not being my computer. Amy said the new girl had my computer at her workstation that it didn't matter which one I had. I was emphatic that it did, stating that I had certain software on my hard drive that none of the others did and I needed my own computer back. So she started making the switch. About that time Bill C walked up and I said that I didn't have an office. He asked why and I told him that one of the new people was in there. He said he would talk to the new sales manager and have him take care of it. I went in to see him and he got up immediately and started getting the new person out of my office so I could get back in there. I went to the back work area again and the two dark-haired girls were doing something at that computer. One of them said something about a Goddess. I said, Oh. That's fun. Someone I can talk to about Goddesses and things. Later I was thinking about how Bill C would react to that statement so I was thinking about how I could truthfully explain it to him so it would still be okay. My explanation went something like this. I believe in God and that God exists in each of us. I know that some people refer to God as Goddess. 