Some man and I were chaperons or protectors of a group of adolescent children. We were in a jungle. There was a tribe out there in the jungle that was out to get us. I had 2 dogs to guard me wherever I went, a black one and a cream colored one. This man and I were very attracted to each other, in the throes of falling in love, but we were always involved with helping these kids. They were between us. Early one morning, I got up to take a bath on the porch. It was a rare moment of privacy. One of the adolescent boys woke up the man and suggested he take this opportunity to speak to me. He did. He approached me. We looked at each other. We were wearing bathrobes and mine was partially undone exposing parts of me in a seductive (innocent) way. I sprayed water on him from the hose and we laughed. He and I kissed. The dogs then got restless (not because of us but because they sensed danger from the jungle). The man and I were then captured by the enemy tribe (I never saw them), and taken away. Now we're in separate circles (like a hut, only there is no hut). I was naked, had long blonde hair I was tied up. I was eating food out of a dish like an animal. He snuck a message to me; it was written on computer print-out paper (the message was handwritten and in code). He started with "Dear Naked Girl: Couldn't help but notice." It was a joke and I smiled. I then broke my bonds and was able to escape. I had a choice. I could assist him to break his bonds and we could escape together, or I could escape and send back help. He urged me to go on and I agreed reluctantly because I'd be likely to get caught again if I went back for him alone. I traveled through the jungle. It was rough. I made it back and rescued him by sending back reinforcements. Then, I was in an office with lots of window spaces. I was on the phone talking with some sales person. I kept asking for his product; he kept sending defective ones to me. I refused to accept it and then he sent me another and it was also defective and I refused it. Finally, I got angry. I told him firmly that not only will I not accept this shoddy treatment but I shall officially complain to his headquarters. He was pissed and left the phone. A woman secretary responded to me. She tiredly agreed but said it was probable it won't do any good. I noticed my evidence was fading away and I felt frustrated and wanted to give up the pursuit. Then, co-worker Tyler came into the office. He, Kathleen and I were to have a talk. Tyler and I walked up a long stair case and sat on the top (like thrones on a roller coaster ride). Then Kathleen came up the stairs. Someone said that she did a great job rescuing Tyler in the jungle single-handedly but now she should apologize to Tyler for undermining his male ego. Tyler looked relieved and said, "Oh, good. I would really like that. It would help." I looked at him. I was surprised and sad because he was like all the rest and I thought he wasn't. Kathleen then approached slowly and ceremoniously. She bowed her head and said, "I'm sorry, I'm sorry." I stood up and said, "I'm sorry but I simply can't handle this. I'm leaving." I felt badly because of what was happening (both the scene and my leaving). I walked down the long steps and went into my office. I shut all the doors and windows and started pacing. I felt suppressed, upset, sad, and angry. I wanted to go back to explain to them why I had left, but I thought it was futile. I wanted to pack up and leave, but that would be quitting. Kathleen walked in. She was very angry with me. She lectured me and said, "Isn't it amazing how one little thing can put a stop to everything? And it's all over?" I said, "Wait, I want to explain." She snapped, "Explain? Tyler was ready. He wanted to get close. He said you should give up Ellie's estate because you can't handle her. He said you should not have changed your name and should change it back." I said, "He told you that?" I was half annoyed and half wondering what it all meant about Tyler and me. "Would he have told me that if I'd stayed?" She said, "You? No, He would have told Helen." I wondered who Helen was but sensed that it was someone like a wife he had. Kathleen slammed the door on me. I went to the bottom of the stairs and looked up. I saw Tyler talking to the man in the jungle. I wanted to go up and talk to straighten it out, but then I gave up. It was too overwhelming.