Jen and Jerry from the TV program The Bachelorette are visiting. It is my house but it doesn't look anything like my waking life home. The trainer shows up. Jen's trainer. They are going to go play softball. I ask if I can go too. The trainer seemed a little reluctant. She said, Yes. But you have to really want to win. I said, Oh, I definitely really want to win. I've played on a league for a number of years Matthew is there and said something about how good I was. that I was sixth in the league for RBI's maybe. The trainer, her name was Jilly, said, In the league? Matthew said yes. They were impressed by that. I was rushing around trying to find my bat and glove. I went to one wall in the house and told them that they were in that closet. But the wall is wallpapered. I'm looking for the seam because I know there is no handle on this closet. But I can't find the seam. I finally remember that I wallpapered over it because I knew I hardly ever use the stuff in that closet. I finally climbed up on a table and I grabbed a corner of the wallpaper. It's an adhesive more like a sticker than the typical wallpaper adhesive. I just started pulling it off and it comes off in one large sheet. I finally get to the closets and I open it up. It's full of Christmas decorations. On the top shelf there is a bowl with some chocolate candy. The bowl moves a bit and the candy starts falling out. I ask the others if they want a piece of candy. The candy is foil-wrapped, coin-shaped chocolate. I was getting frustrated because I know they are waiting for me and I can't find my bat and glove. I finally tell them to go ahead without me because I don't want to hold them up. Then I think Jilly tells Matthew where they are going so if I find it we can meet them there if we want to. Now I'm in a room that's an office, like a home study. There's a TV in there. Jen wants to watch TV. It's a very large TV. I'm scrounging around trying to find the remote. I made a comment about how things are never that messy and I usually know right where the remote is. Then I remember that it's in the magazine rack. I go over there and find it and hand it to her. I look for the channel guide. As I look at it, it's a mess. It's outdated and torn. I think that probably wouldn't matter to her anyway. Now we're in another room and Jen said something to me about not seeming to be in a hurry or anything. I ask her why I should be. She said we were supposed to be leaving for dinner in a half-hour. I said, WHAT? I was so surprised because I either didn't know about it or I had totally forgotten about it. She said that Jerry was in the shower now. About that time he comes out and he didn't have any clothes on or a towel wrapped around him. He had his boxers in his hand and was getting ready to put them on but he walked by two or three times. Then one of the young boys walked by and he had no clothes on and then I saw Matthew walk by with no clothes on. I thought, What is this? Everyone walking around here with no clothes on. Then Jen came by. She had her panties on but no bra. She was putting on her bra as she walked by me. I just thought to myself, I'm certainly not going to do that. Now I'm pretty upset and angry that no one told me and that I'm just now able to get in the shower. I went over to this wall. It looks like a wall of closets and the doors are on sliders. But they are flat wood panels. I'm moving the panels and moving the clothes and thinking to myself, I know the shower is here somewhere. I then go into another room. I think I just decided not to shower because at that point I only have fifteen minutes left. So I went to the bathroom. There were also one or two small children here but I don't know whose children they were. One of them seems to be Andrew S except that he has really short blonde hair. Anyway, I went to use the bathroom and whoever had used it last had not flushed. They had also thrown a towel over the edge of the toilet bowl so it was partially hanging in the water in the toilet bowl. Then one of the boys had put a handful of rubber spiders in there. I just decided to use it anyway and just flush the rubber spiders because whoever had used it before hadn't flushed either and I certainly wasn't going to reach in there to get those spiders out. And the towel, I just pulled out far enough to pull it up over the toilet seat so it wasn't in the water. Then I realized that the seat was all nasty. I grabbed a bunch of toilet paper and I was going to wipe the seat off. Jen and Jerry were having a disagreement or argument. She was upset because his boss had called him and apparently he couldn't stay as long to visit as they had planned or hoped. He had to go back to work. It doesn't seem that he was going to be gone that long, but maybe just for a day or two and then he was going to come back. But she was very upset by that. I understood her disappointment, but I also thought that when you find something really good in terms of a relationship you do the hard stuff to make it work and to be able to have that relationship.