I had gone to the doctor for some flu like symptoms. I was standing back in the nurse's area when I man came from another area. He was wearing greenish-blue scrubs. Doctor Pf wasn't available so I was going to be seeing Doctor Waddle [unknown in waking life]. I assumed this man was Doctor Waddle but his first name was Steve. I said, Hi Steve. As soon as I did I thought, That's odd. Why would I call him Steve and I had never met him before and he's a doctor. That's not like me to call someone in his position by their first name unless they ask me to do so. He just smiled and nodded his head up and down once as he walked by. Several of the nurses were taking care of things they needed to take care. While I'm waiting, I'm sitting on a small table. I got off and wondered why they were having me sit on that thing. I'm talking to another man. It turns out that he is Doctor Waddel. He is talking to me about my symptoms. Doctor Pf comes out while I'm still talking to Doctor Waddell. He gets some files. I didn't see him until he started to walk away and I thought to myself that it looked like Doctor Pf. I think he came out one other time also. Both times Doctor Waddell stopped talking to me long enough to say something to Doctor Pf. They exchanged a few words. When I was talking to Doctor Waddell I told him that I had been struggling with these symptoms all winter this year since I wasn't able to get my flu shot. One of them is saying that she is going to be the first one to get the myoclonus shot. She has a very small, maybe two-three inch long, and maybe 1/8 to _ inch in diameter, white plastic thing that has the shot serum in it. There is another doctor sitting there by a little counter and someone pulls out the needle that is going in this little plastic vial. The needle is about three feet long. It looks like white plastic filament. One end goes into the vial and the other end, of course, into the body. The whole thing has to be inserted into the body. I am aghast at the length of this needle and thinking about whether it's going to hurt or whatever. Then they tell me that I need to have this shot. I'm thinking that there is no way. I'm wondering where they insert me. I hear them talking about there being two or three different options of where they can insert it. One of them is to insert it rectally. Maybe they said that was the easiest way. I thought that sounded awful. Then they tell me that I have to have one but I have to insert it myself. I have to insert it in the base of the back of my head. That sounds even scarier to me because that sounds dangerous. I'm wondering how I'm going to do this myself. I'm worried if it's going to hurt but also if I might do some kind of harm to brain. One of the nurses makes a small incision but they don't have it ready for me to use yet. A little bit drips onto the floor so I'm holding one of my fingers over the opening they made, waiting for them to get this thing ready for me. I'm still very nervous because I don't know what I'm doing. Then I hear one of them tell me not to worry because they're going to have me lay on this table over here in the kitchen. They took me into another small room. It wasn't really a kitchen and I thought it was odd that they would call it a kitchen. It's kind of weird that they would call it a kitchen. I also don't see a table or where they are going to have me lay to do this. Then they ask me to get on a scale so they can weigh me. The nurse who weighs me I hadn't seen in a long time. She comments about how much weight I've lost. I told her that over the last three years I've lost thirty plus pounds. We're chatting about that a little bit. I said it's very nice when people notice and say something because that gives me a little incentive to lose the next thirty. I said my boss has been particularly good about noticing and saying something quite often. Someone said they were going to have to make the incision in the back of my head a little larger for me to give myself this shot. Someone brings out this thing that reminds me of a shoebox-size plastic storage container. It has this thing in it that is about six-inches in diameter. It is a medical model of some kind of vein or something in the body. To me it is very looking and looks very real. It has all kinds of muscle and blood. It looks like a body organ but it is long and rope-like. It isn't real and isn't really bloody because it is just a model. It has something to do with this shot and whatever it is that I'm going to be doing.