I was in California for the SAID conference. I must have been there a day early because I was doing things on my own. I wasn't attending any events or anything. I don't even know if I was at the right hotel. I was in the hotel in the restaurant. All of the tables were set for the diners and each place setting had cups or bowls that were filled with large chunks of mixed fruit. The seats were assigned to the various hotel guests. My table was set for four people but I was there alone. I had not gone to eat yet but at one point I went to the table but didn't even sit down. I picked a couple of chunks of fruit out with my fingers and ate them. I also had a beef stick. I had taken a couple of bites of it and then I stuck it in my fruit cup, intending to come back and have more. When I came back it was gone. One of the hotel workers had come and taken it. Somehow Bryan N had ended up with this beef stick and he had taken it and was going to talk to Bill C about it. I got really upset when I found out about this. I thought, what in the heck difference does it make to him? What business is it of his or anyone else for that matter what I eat? I think I had asked one of the restaurant employees what had happened to it and she told me. She also said something to me about eating those beef sticks. I said that it's just a quick and easy way of getting protein. Still, I was thinking that it was really no one's business whether or not I eat those, or whatever I eat for that matter. I was thinking that since we weren't going to be having the class reunion in San Francisco anymore and I was at a reasonably priced or inexpensive hotel, like an EconoLodge, I decided to check with them and see if my room was available for me to extend my stay. Then I could spend some time on the beach and such after conference. I had gone to the checkout desk and when I went in it was almost like you were outdoors. The desk was behind a glass partition with a cutout where you reached in with the paperwork and your payment. It was intended to be very secure. They must have been changing shifts because there were three or four employees there but one was coming out, one or two were counting money in a cash drawer. There was another guest standing there waiting as well that was ahead of me. I decided to come back a little bit later. When I went back the check-in and checkout was in a different area. They were two separate counters each facing opposite directions. One was for checkout and one for check-in. They each had a separate door on one end to get into them and a separate door to each on the other end to get out of them. I was standing inside the door by the checkout counter because I was already checked-in. I was standing there waiting because the employee was helping someone else. There seemed to be maybe 10-20 feet between the two counters. There was also an employee at the check-in counter but they were helping another guest as well. I finally did get a chance to ask if they had any rooms. As I was waiting I was trying to recall what the actual dates were that I wanted to extend my stay. I decided it was the 28th and that I would be checking out on the 1st. Finally, when I had a chance, I asked and found out that they were booked and I wouldn't be able to extend my stay there. I left. I walked to another hotel that was close by to see if they would have a room those nights. They didn't either. I asked them if they could recommend someplace else close by and she just shook her head no. I think I walked back to my own hotel. I was still outside. I heard a group of women out there talking. One of them was standing a distance from the others and was holding up a little garment that was a very small dress that looked more like it was just a top. Her friends were laughing because it was so small and short. They were saying, No. No. Absolutely not. There's no way that's a dress. There's no way I would wear that. Then someone else held another dress up and it was closer to knee length. They said, Yes. Maybe that. That might be more appropriate. I thought it might be fun to go do a little shopping but then I realized that I hadn't been to the beach yet and that I should do that now before conference starts. I should go spend the afternoon at the beach.