I feel like I'm at the CAS office though it doesn't look like it. There are other people there. In the dream I know them but I don't know them in waking life. We're in one specific room. The large room doesn't have much furniture in it. Along the one wall there's a pipe running along the wall close to the floor. It's very small, maybe an inch in diameter. I see some man crouched down by this pipe. I walk up to him and ask him what's going on. He points out a leak and that there's water all over the floor. He's trying to figure out where it's coming from and stop the leak. I come back a little bit later and he is still there and the water is still leaking out. I ask him how he's progressing. He points further up the wall toward the ceiling. I notice that there is water sheeting down this wall. He points out that the water is coming from someplace higher and it's really a large leak now. The water is just flowing out, sheeting down the wall and onto the floor. As much as it is flowing out you would expect it to be flooding the floor. But it is running onto the floor, running across the room but it is not spreading out to any of the walls. It's almost as though it is self-contained in a center portion of the floor. We finally figure out that we have to stop the leak someplace other than where we are right now. We realize that we first have to identify this certain spot and then we can stop the leak. I think it is related to a refrigerator but I don't know why I think that. In the meantime I'm wondering if there is a way that we can catch this water so it's not just accumulating in this puddle on the floor. If it was the other pipe we might be able to leverage the pipe up far enough to get some kind of a container under it that we could empty frequently. At least that way the water wouldn't be going all over the floor and causing a hazardous situation. It's dangerous for people walking through this room. But since the water is coming out someplace else and sheeting down the wall I can't figure out a way that we can capture it. Bill C shows up. He had been out all day and shows up unexpectedly. I'm sitting in a chair and he walks up behind me. I'm wearing some kind of a sleeveless top. He puts his hands on my shoulders and kind of rests his left arm so it is against my left cheek, not just brushing it but solidly against my cheek. I think I actually rest my head against it. We're both fine with that. It's not like either of us is conscious of it or thinking that it's okay, but rather that it's just a very natural thing and expected or accepted. We're talking to this other man in the room and what's been going on while Bill C has been gone and about the water and such. While we're talking Bill C is using his thumbs to massage the back of my shoulders. As he does that his thumbs seem to naturally go under my top a bit and I feel them touching my bra straps. I feel a little embarrassed but then realize that he doesn't think anything of it. He goes on to say that we might as well go ahead and move. We start moving into another office. I guess we're changing our office location. We're going to start moving everything out. I'm thinking that we need to be very careful because of the water on the floor. It's dangerous in any situation, even when people are just walking through. But, if we're busy moving things and we have things in our hands it's going to be harder to watch where we're stepping and keep our balance if we slip and such. I'm just thinking this is very dangerous and we're going to have to be very careful. Though, I understand this water leak is a reason to go ahead and move. I decide to change clothes into some older, more comfortable clothes if I'm going to be carrying boxes and stuff. Everyone else I think is already in their casual clothes. I thought I was going home to change. Maybe I went home and got some other clothes and came back. But I'm changing clothes and Bill C walks up again. I'm in my underwear. I'm wearing a black bra and black panties. Bill C walks up and starts talking to me. It doesn't even seem to phase him that I'm in my underwear and getting dressed. I feel embarrassed and I'm trying to hurry and get my clothes on. In the meantime I'm bending forward as I'm trying to pull my top on in an effort to partially cover myself. I don't know how. I couldn't. He just keeps talking and doesn't even seem to care or doesn't even notice that I'm in my underwear. just no big deal to him, acting like it's perfectly normal.