Deven D decided he was no longer going to chair my committee. I don't remember how I found this out but it wasn't from him. I was told a reason, maybe more than one, why he made this decision but none of them made sense to me. I was concerned that he made the decision because he was disappointed in me and he didn't feel that I was focusing enough of my efforts or thinking process on spiritual intelligence and because I'm not being diligent enough. not spending enough time on it each week. I was extremely upset about this whole situation. The school randomly appointed someone to replace him. It was a woman. I think her name was Rachel [unknown in waking life] and she lived in Washington D.C. She just showed up at my house one day. I had some friends at my home when she arrived. I was very cold and curt to her because I was so upset about the whole thing. Deven D not being my chair anymore and the school not giving me any say in his replacement. I could tell she was trying to be very understanding and kind. She kept trying to help me mentally and emotionally with the transition. She was sitting in the chair in my office. I glanced out the window as I was talking to her and noticed that Barry C was milling around outside. Then I got even more upset. How did she know him? And why did he come along? I found out they were friends and when he found out she was coming here he talked her into letting him come along for the ride without telling her why he wanted to come along. This made me even more angry, though I said nothing to her about the fact that I even know him. I think my friends were in and out of the room trying to comfort me. She asked if her and I could go into another room and talk privately. I took her into my bedroom. As I entered the bedroom I remembered that I had been in the process of putting some laundry away when she showed up so I quickly scooped everything into a ball and covered it with a bath towel. She sat in one of my antique, cane-bottom chairs. I never allow anyone to sit in those chairs because they belonged to my grandmother. They are in pristine condition and I am so protective of them. not wanting anything to damage them in anyway. knowing that even too much body weight could cause the cane to start sagging. But I didn't say anything to her. I just let her sit down there and I went and sat very gingerly on the edge of the other one. We are now sitting at a restaurant having lunch, just the two of us. We have a table near a wall. But Barry C is sitting in a chair outside the window behind Rachel S. I think that I hate being put in the position. that I'm being rude to not invite him to have lunch with us yet I want nothing to do with him. He stands up and facing a wall leans his head forward, resting his forehead against the wall. like a small child would do to demonstrate feelings of discontent. sadness, being hurt,. I say something to Rachel S about inviting him to join us, so she motions him over and in seconds he is sitting in the chair to my left. Rachel S and I had already received our lunch and were eating so he ordered. I glanced at him once or twice, I'm sure with a look that he knew I was not happy about him being there, but never said a word to him.