I am in a mall. I have a shoulder bag that seems like a cross behind a handbag and my library bag. I have it pretty full but it doesn't close like a handbag would. It's open like my library bag is. One of the things that I have in there is a scale, that a person would use to weigh themselves. But it was incredibly light. It was maybe only a pound or two in weight. I work at the mall. It seems to be before hours. There aren't a lot of people there yet, maybe just employees arriving for work. I don't think I work in one of the stores though but I have no idea where I do work. I'm standing someplace, I'm rubbing my progesterone cream into the inside of my arm like I always do and maybe some man sees me and comments how a quarter teaspoon does the trick. I say, Yes, it does. A woman about my age walks up to me and we engage in conversation. Whatever it is that we're talking about, I mention my progesterone cream and how I was so glad that my doctor had recommended it to me. I was really surprised at what a difference it had made. I was telling her a little bit about it. Her and I are talking about a number of different things though. We're also talking about working with men. I said, I remember when I worked in a management position at a regional office. There were 20 men and I was the only woman on the management team. I made some other comment about that. There's a group of workers, some men and women discussing timeclocks. There seems to be a problem with the wall timeclock. I walk away and pass the timeclock. I stop because I'm not sure if I should go ahead and clock in, knowing that there is a problem, because I don't know if they are automatically going to make the adjustments now that they know there is a problem. Or, should I clock in but then hand-write a note on it, or should I just come back later. I don't know what to do. I just go ahead and leave and don't do anything. I walk into this small room that reminds me of an office building break room. I'm standing there. I think I'm looking for something in my bag. Another, much younger woman walks in. I think she was going to prepare something to eat, for herself. She must be fairly new there because she's talking about how they have this room set up. They have some little tables to sit at but there is also a little kitchenette area. As she's talking she says something about there being no way to make toast or she's asking me if this thing will make toast. Then she just says, Oh well. I said, Well, here's the toaster as I point to it sitting to her left. She said, Oh. Great. She just hadn't noticed it.