I was walking through a suburban neighborhood on my way home. to my birth home. In a driveway I noticed this thing that looked like four crutches all attached by the end that goes against the ground. This caused them to form a windmill-like shape. Maybe they were attached by the other end to begin with because I think I changed it so they were attached by the other end. Then I could stand them on two of the arm ends so it would stand somewhat upright. There must have been one of these things in several driveways because I remember thinking there is another one. I watched how gravity pulled two of the pieces that were not braced against the ground. It also seems that I walked past at least one of them on more than one occasion. We had a female guest staying with us. We all had some concern about her finding her way around and us being able to successfully go find her if we thought she might be lost. I was in this field of sorts. It was all small trees with empty branches, no leaves, about the size of dogwood trees. I was supported midway in the air by the branches and I could see just above the tops of them to two of the outer edges of the field. I was going to let myself down to the ground but the field was so thick with these trees that I couldn't even see a place that I could put my feet on the ground. But as I lowered myself just a few inches I also realized that I would not be seen then and no one could ever find me if I did that. I raised myself back up. The field was L-shaped and I could only see two of the edges of the field. The two arms of the L extended further than I could see. I had a small audio-recorder in my hand that was the size and shape of a stopwatch. I began recording my location. I wanted to test and see if I recorded my location and took it to my family if they would be able to identify my location. If they could then we would know this would be a good tool for our guest to make sure she didn't get lost and we would be able to find her. However, I don't know how she could carry this with her to record her location and us have it also to be able to find her. As I was recording my location I said something about where the two arms of the L meet. Then I said I was going west along a certain street toward a store. When I came to a certain point I described it and said to now turn right, putting me on Keystone north/south. However, it looks like I am inside a building at this point. As I turned right, around a corner of two walls, I was faced with two doors. One was directly in front of me and one to my right. At first I thought I was in the wrong place but then I saw a sign on the door in front of me that said something about where it leads and it included my name in that description. Something like, Anna's____. But I can't remember what it said. I felt confident and good that I was in the right place and that this was going to work out well. I got home and was talking about what I did and the test message I recorded. My dad, different than in waking life, took the recorder from my hand. It was almost more like he snatched it from me because the way he did it startled me. He was holding it to his ear and listening to it. There were others standing there as well. We were on the breezeway. Daddy and some others were sitting and I some of the others were standing. While he continued to listen I stepped into the garage. There were rows of long tables, each spanning the length between the back and the front of the garage. All but one was piled with bright, deep-red, shiny strawberries. When I arrived home they had just taken a break from processing the berries that they had just picked. On the table nearest the side door that I entered, near the end of the table nearest the large, front garage door, was a chocolate cake. It was for someone's birthday and they had not seen it yet. It was shaped like a watermelon. Whoever had put the icing on it had not done a very good job. It looked very messy and sloppy. It didn't even appear to be on a cake platter. I was talking with someone, Mother I think, about the cake and how the person it was for should be please as chocolate is their favorite kind of cake.