I'm in my home office with my husband. He's sitting in the desk chair. I'm sitting in his lap. We're talking about something. Whatever it is that we're talking about, I notice that it kind of reminds me of something I notice in his hair. It looks like dried leaves and stems from leaves. I start picking it out of his hair. After I get almost all but one or two little pieces that look like stems, them seem to be attached to his scalp. I got a pair of scissors to cut them off but then they aren't there anymore. After I do all of this I realize that he has no hair. I feel really bad and I'm apologizing to him and saying that I didn't realize. He is explaining to me but he doesn't seem upset about it all. As I look at him, I tell him that I really like this look, that he looks really good. Somehow there was a connection between what I found in his hair and to something totally different that we had been talking about. We continued talking about something. Now he has hair again, but it's really short, but it is balding on the crown of his head. It's very black. I really like it. I think it looks really good and I keep telling him this. We're kissing and hugging and just being very affectionate. He tells me how much he loves me. Now I'm standing behind the desk chair, facing him and leaning over and hugging him from behind. I asked him if he knows how much I love him. He said, Yeah. I think I have an idea. We're just having a really, really nice time together. I'm recognizing how wonderful it feels, to have him in my life, to be married to him, to have such a good and loving marriage. Now there is someone else there. Well, maybe we go do something else where there's other members of the family because Bill F is there now. It seems that we went and did some things outside, maybe more than once. Because he changed coats at one point. Now my husband and I and a female friend of ours is there and we're back in my home office. We're cleaning up. There is stuff everywhere. The office is larger in the dream than in waking life. There is stuff everywhere. It seems that maybe there is even a Futon or a small sofa in the office. There is stuff on it and there is stuff on the floor. Part of it is from Matthew. Matthew is just a child and had been in there playing a video game. All of this stuff is still sitting in there. I get a very large box. probably two and a half to three feet deep. I begin picking all of this stuff up and putting it in the box. We were going to go outside for a walk but I wanted to we were either just going to pick up a couple of things or we were looking for something before we went out. This female friend of ours said something about how much I said, Yes. I know. But while we're doing this I decided I might as well at least just pick everything up and put it into this box and take it into the other room. Part of what I'm picking up looks like stuff for the video game. Part of it is still plugged into the wall. As I'm doing this I find one of Bill F's coats. I said, Look. Bill F forgot his coat. It's probably his oldest, nastiest coat, like one he would wear to work around the house. She picks it up with two fingers and holds it away from her. I suggest we just hang it in Matthew's closet until he comes back or until I see him again. Before that it seems like I also found another one of his coat. When I found the second one I said something to the effect that he did switch coats once while he was here. This whole thing started that we were going out for a walk because my husband said something to me about wanting to make love in or on some sticks. That had something to do with his hair, because I was picking out these little things that were the size of stems of leaves. I had put a pile of them on the desk and I had said, Like these? We can use these. They'll be a little crunchy and stuff. He said that wasn't what he had in mind. That's when I pulled the rest of this stuff out of his hair. Then we decided to go outside for a walk and look for the kind of sticks that he was interested in or looking for. Also, while we were cleaning up the room he had something in his hands and was getting ready to go downstairs. I said, Honey. Before you go down He stopped and backed up a step. There was something downstairs that needed fresh batteries but I didn't know what size. I said, Would you take these batteries down with you? I told him why. I said, I don't know what size it needs but I have these here, so why don't you go ahead and take a couple of these down with you. They are in the drawer underneath the telephone. It was a huge pack of batteries that were probably 16 of them and stack in a cube shape and wrapped in the kind of plastic that many things are wrapped in when you purchase them. I broke the plastic enough to take the batteries out. They were C or D cell batteries. I didn't think that's what it needed but at first I thought that was all I had. After I gave them to him and he headed downstairs I saw a similar package of AAA batteries. I knew that's what I really needed for whatever it was downstairs. But I didn't do anything about it. I just kept cleaning up and let it go. 