I arrive at a facility. I don't know what it is. I wouldn't call it a hotel. There's a number of buildings. I'm not sure where I'm supposed to go. It's snowing pretty heavily and it's accumulating pretty fast. It's becoming more difficult to pull my luggage on wheels through the snow. I decide to go into this one building to see if that's where I'm supposed to be. I can only open the door a few inches because it is blocked by women standing on the other side of it. The room is packed with women. I close the door and walk away. I decide again that probably is where I need to go in so I head that way again. I see another woman arrive and her husband is with her. They head towards another building until they see me. Then they decide to follow me. I notice this but they are quite a distance away in the parking lot, at least several hundred feet. I say loudly to them, If you're following me, I just want you to know that I'm not sure where I'm going. They follow me anyway. We go in. No one says anything to us. Some acknowledge that we've come in by looking at us or nodding their heads. There is a meeting going on. That's why they don't greet us verbally at that time. It's all women. It seems that it has something to do with weight loss. They're either trying to lose weight or maintain their current weight. Some of them have already reached their weight loss goals. It's not just one way to lose weight. They various women have used various methods to lose weight. I don't know if I'm thinking about the different ways or if I'm just thinking about the fact that they have lost the weight so many different ways. I'm not sure what I'm thinking or feeling at that point. It seems that there are now just a few women in the room. There is one woman that has an elastic band. It looks like white fabric, maybe 6-8 inches wide. It's large enough in diameter that she can cross her arms and have it wrapped around her crossed arms, just above the elbows. There is a man who has one two. He has it wrapped around his crossed arms in a particular way. He is an expert at how to use this thing. I don't know what its purpose is. He is trying to show her I'm looking at it and trying to figure out how he wrapped it around his crossed arms to get it on the way he has it. This other woman is looking at it trying to figure it out also. He's trying to explain it to her. He's trying to just tell her and she's not able to do it. He finally comes over and I guess he has taken his off at this point and is trying to show her how to wrap this thing and get it around her arms the right way. It seems that it has something to do with relaxation as opposed to losing weight, or that the relaxation will is an important part of losing weight. 