Matthew as about 10 or 11 years old. Some neighborhood children had come to the door and asked him or me to come they were talking about where they lived or where they were . They called it _____ Manor. Our neighbor was outside at her front door. She asked me if I knew where that was. I turned around and pointed behind us. I said, Yes. I'm pretty sure it's back there about a block. She doubted me, but I was pretty sure that I knew what they were talking about. Matthew and I went back there and it turned out they were trying to put together. there were a bunch of people from the neighborhood there. adults and children. They were trying to put together a volleyball game. It was an indoor game. Matthew and I both went in and were going to play. There were quite a few people there. People just started going to one side or the other of the net. Matthew went to the side furthest from the door and I went to the other side. I was counting to see if we were evenly divided up and also looking to see if it would be evenly divided between children and adults. There seemed to be a lot more adults than children and it was kind of hard to see the children for all the adults. We started playing. It was very cramped quarters. I don't know what this building was. It almost looked like a storage building. There was stuff piled everywhere and very close to the edge of the court. When we were serving, or any time, I was feeling a little uneasy about running into things when I served or went after a play or anything. There is apparently one man in the neighborhood who is really good. He is the one who wanted to do this. He wanted to have more people to play with to help him hone his skills. We weren't doing very well. none of us were. We stopped and were waiting for something. I don't know what. I was looking at my watch and realized it was 9:20 in the evening. I thought I really needed to get home. We start playing again. This man shows up and is giving pointers. But now it almost looks more like a Ping-Pong table. He's leaning over on it and giving pointers. He's giving pointers to me and I hit one. It kind of goes straight down and lands on my side of the net instead of the other. He tells me what I did wrong. I'm slightly irritated because I knew what I did wrong. It wasn't a matter of not knowing what I was doing. It was more a matter of not having honed that skill. I didn't say anything. I sensed that the other people felt the same way but they didn't say anything either. Now we got stopped again for some reason. We're standing there waiting around. I look at my watch again and realize it's 10:15. I tell some of the others that I needed to go. that I hadn't realized how late it had gotten. I went outside to go home and it was just starting to rain. I was facing a building. I turned to my left and was going to go home that way. Then I realized that if I went to my right I could go down the alley and across my front yard and it would be a tad-bit shorter. Plus, when I got to the front of my building there would be trees and stuff so I would be more protected by the rain. But it looked more like a block of houses then. It didn't look like my own neighborhood. It was a mixture of both Caucasian and African-American people. 