I was with a man for business purposes. I didn't know him well. He said he needed to go by his apartment for something and wanted me to go with him and we could continue talking while we drive and while we were there. We got there. It was an apartment on the 3rd or 4th floor. The apartment was a mess. There was stuff piled everywhere. I was trying to decide if they were packing and getting ready to move or maybe they had just recently moved in and they hadn't had a chance to unpack yet. Or, maybe he was just a major slob. You could hardly find a place to step without stepping on something. Some of it was boxes but there also seemed to be clothes strewn about everywhere. He changed his clothes and then sat down on his bed because that was the only place to sit down. It almost looks like a studio apartment, that there was just the one room besides the kitchen and bathroom. He was semi-reclining on the bed, leaning his back against the headboard. In trying to find places to step to get to the bed to sit down and talk with him I tripped over something and fell onto the bed. I actually landed on partially on top of him, face down. We connected maybe waist down. I stopped for a minute because I was embarrassed. I don't know why I didn't quickly move off of him. He made a very slightly suggestive comment to me. I looked at him briefly, trying to decide how to respond to his comment, or even how I felt about him making the comment. Then he said something about my breasts. He thought they were beautiful. He said it would be very nice to see them without my blouse on. He had not touched me inappropriately. I sat up on the bed and we continued talking about business. I'm in that same position again, half lying on top of him, but I don't know how I got in that position again. He said something again, about my breasts. This time I decided to take my top off. He gently helped me pull it off over my head. I wasn't wearing a bra. He still didn't touch me my breast. He put his hand on the back of my neck and started to pull me into him to kiss him but a noise distracted him. He jerked his head and turned to the side, trying to hear better and figure out what the noise was. After a couple of seconds he turned back and once again started to pull me close to him. Then the same thing happened. A noise startled him. He suddenly jumped out of bed, rolling me to the side. He said, grab your blouse and your shoes. We have to go now. I wondered what was going on. I told him I couldn't find them. He said, Come on. We have to go. We have to go. He's almost in a panic. He has one of my shoes in his hand. I pick up the other one while I'm pulling on my blouse and heading out the door. He's at least 10-15 feet, probably more than that, ahead of me. He's bolting down all of these steps. We had to take the steps going up to his apartment. The steps are steep and not built like normal flights of steps. There would be one flight and then a few feet to the right the next flight would start but going down in the same direction, and so on. I noticed the lighting around the steps is unusual. It's kind of an orange-gold light. Not really bright but enough that I really noticed it. as opposed to it just being light outside. I'm going down the steps as fast as I can trying to catch up with him. As we're headed down the steps I pass three women coming up. I don't know who they are. They're talking. One or two of them look at me briefly but don't say anything. They just looked at me the way anyone would look at a stranger as they pass them. just noticing that I'm there. As I get to the ground I realize that this man is married and one of those women was his wife. I don't know how I know this, he's separated but he's still living with his wife. When I was in his apartment I still thought he was single. It wasn't until we were headed down the steps and I passed these women that I realized that one of them was his wife. They were sleeping in separate beds. I remember seeing two twin beds in the apartment. We had been on one of the twin beds. 