I was working for a charity. I was helping them with an event. There were selling things to raise money. One of the things that we were selling was a very large heart-shaped get well card. It had been made by a little boy by the name of Steven Brian. Brian was his middle name. It was about 2 feet by 3 feet. He had used different colors of construction paper that he had cut up and pasted on it. It was very childlike writing. He had written with colored crayons. various colors. He had it signed by everyone on the city NBA team. We were selling it for five dollars. As we were preparing for this event I said to someone that it would be very cool for someone who had a child named Steven Brian. that they may be especially interested in this. As I'm working at this event, I see a man there with his little boy and I hear him call him Steven Brian. I went up to him and at first was chatting with him, being friendly. Then I mention that I mention that I have this thing with the name Steven Brian on it. He doesn't seem particularly interested. I went and got it anyway and brought it back and showed it to him and explained to him what it was. He still doesn't seem sold. I said, If you're a fan, it's a fun and interesting way to have all of the signatures. Then he said that maybe he would buy this and something else that he had been looking at as well. Then I was talking to someone else I was working with about this man. that I had overheard him talking to his son and call him Steven Brian. Same group. More dimensions. Don't know what they are or what they're for. There was something later about the Steven Brian card being. something about white satin. Also, something about going to the computer and going to the properties section of a document and editing the properties of this document related to this event. The facility where it was being held seemed to be some kind of commercial facility. Yet, it looked, at least at one point, more like a home. There was one man in particular who was responsible for this event, or in charge of it. His wife was there helping as well. This same woman is on the computer editing properties of other items that we're selling. Now there is some kind of a dance event. maybe that evening. We are discussing it. We want to make sure there are enough steps in each dance or enough time in each dance to allow all of the volunteers to fully engage with a prospect to the point where they feel honest, feel safe opening up to us, being honest with us, and thus resulting in a contribution. I'm having a conversation with a number of other volunteers or people working there about the properties of these items and the dance and various other things.