I was working in an office, but I don't think it was CAS. The boss definitely was not Bill C. There were a lot of people there, maybe 20-30. Maybe 10 or more were employees and the others were clients that were there for a meeting. I think the WI Company was there for a meeting. I passed Steve W and we both nodded and mouthed the word hello. As we did I realized that it was him but didn't say anymore, even though I hadn't met him before. There was a lot of activity. just like you would see right before any kind of event, when people are getting ready to take their seats and chatting with each other and such. Susan J worked there. Something had happened with her boyfriend that she was upset about. It seems that maybe he was serving in the armed forces and was detained from coming home when he was supposed to. There was some connection between this and red and purple roses. Susan J had made a bunch of red and purple roses out of tissue paper. They were about 6 inches in diameter. She came out of her room once and she was wearing some kind of outfit, or costume, that she had made. She had covered it with these roses. Then she went back into her room. Some of us were talking about what we could do to help her, as she was clearly very upset about her boyfriend. We had tried something, as a group, to cheer her up or provide some comfort but it didn't work. The boss hadn't wanted anything to do with it. I don't think he wanted to be bothered and I think that he also did not want any of the rest of us spending our time this way. So then someone made a bunch more of these tissue-paper roses and planned something else to try to comfort or cheer her. Myself and another woman went to her room. We knocked on the door but without waiting for an answer opened the door just a bit. I stuck my head in to look for her as I called her name. As I was doing this, though, I realized that it was inappropriate for me to open the door without waiting for her to answer. As I put my head in the door it was pretty dark in there. It was a bedroom and I saw her lying in bed. She had been lying on her right side, with her back to the door. As I called her name again, she heard me and leaned up on her right elbow and turned her head over her right shoulder towards the door. I asked her to come out for a minute. that we needed her for something. When she came out six people were wearing the rose outfits/ costumes. They were standing in a row. Everyone else had formed rows behind them. Even the boss was involved this time, and he didn't seem to mind. It seemed that he had realized just how much Susan J was hurting and he now wanted to be part of trying to help her feel better. I don't know if what we did worked or not. Everyone started leaving. I don't know where Susan J is now. I spoke a little bit with the boss.