I was driving through St. Joe. Matthew was in the car with me. As we were driving I saw some small children along the road in a few places. It was Halloween. They were wearing costumes and were out Trick or Treating. I was shocked to see a baby. As I continued to drive I saw something lying in the road in front of me. I tried to slow down but was afraid I was not going to be able to miss it. I swerved enough so my car went over the top of it but none of the tires or anything hit. As I passed over it I realized it was that baby. I slammed on the brakes and pulled to the side of the road and went back and picked up the baby. There was a toddler standing alone along the side of the road where the baby was. No one else was anywhere in site. We put the baby and the toddler in the car with us and went to the mother's. The baby was wrapped in a light blue blanket and her name was Kylie. As I unwrapped the blanket I found a brown wallet. It looked like a man's wallet and it was stuffed full of papers and pictures. I didn't even look to see if there was any money in it. I started going through it quickly hoping to figure out who the baby was and who her parents were. I found a picture of several teenage girls. Bev was in the picture. She was at mother's too so I asked her to look at the picture and see if she could remember who the other girls were in the picture. She pointed to one and said that was Kylie. We got out the phone book and looked up her parents phone number. I called and got an answering machine and left a message for the mother. After a while she had not called me back so I called again and left another message. After a short time the father called back. When I spoke to him he said they had intentionally left the children there. That were going through a very difficult time financially and they just couldn't afford to keep the children. My initial reaction was that I was furious but I knew it would do no good to say anything to him so I just said okay and hung up. I started thinking about what I should do next. The thought of keeping the children occurred to me. Then I was thinking about the fact that they can pay a phone bill but they can't keep their children. Why don't they cut expenses some other ways like cutting off their phone rather than just dumping their children on the road? I have a sense that they have more children and they kept them. I thought the appropriate thing to do would be to call child social services. Then I thought about Chrisy R and Mark R and how many times they have fostered children and wondered about just asking them to take the children and handle everything since they know who to talk to and the process and everything.