I was with a group of people in the SAID office. It was an older house. We were all sitting in the living room. Along one wall was a door and, facing the door from the inside, immediately to the left of the door was a window. The bottom of the window was about 3 feet from the floor. In front of that window along the adjacent wall was a sofa and there were several people sitting on it. I was sitting diagonally from the window. There was a whiteboard hanging in front of the window. It was made of 8 _ by 11 sections that were somehow connected on the vertical ends. Someone had written things on it in red. I went over and took it down, talking to someone about it while I did so. I don't know why I took it down. Then, for some reason related, I stepped outside the door. High up on the wall was another 8 _ x 11 panel that looked like another piece of the whiteboard. I was going to clean it off. Some others were standing there and chuckling, saying I would never be able to reach it. I jumped a little as I reached for it and I was able to reach it and clean it. At first I thought I didn't really need to jump to reach it but then it almost feels as though I was suspended in air as I cleaned it. Then I began cleaning the glass on the outside of the window. I was thinking that the whole building could really use some minor cleanup and repair and that we should do that as a group. I sprayed a lot of window cleaner on the glass and cleaned it with a paper towel. The towel that I had was very small and quickly became saturated and wrapped into a small ball. I threw it away. The whiteboard(s) that I had previously taken down were now documents hand-written in black ink on parchment. They weren't very legible and the paper was becoming worn and tattered. The information was very important to SAID. I asked if I could take them home, make them into typed formal-looking documents and frame them to hang in the room. I was looking primarily at Raina D when I asked this. She tilted her head down and looked at me over the top of her glasses. The way she looked at me told me she did not approve of the suggestion.