Doctor Pf had ordered some kind of test for me. I went to have it done. It was in a building that reminded me of a very old house, early 20th century. There were rows of chairs set up for the people waiting and there many people there. As I sat there and waited I chatted a bit with the people sitting on either side of me. As we talked we realized that from behind us someone working there was beginning to rearrange the seating and moving all the chairs around. They asked us all to stand and to pick up any of our belongings from under or around the chair. They came to us just as we heard it. I had put a satchel under my chair and as I stood up reached for it. As I did the person working there began to move my chair. He seemed to get upset with me that I didn't move and said something to me about having been told to gather our belongings. I told him that is what I was trying to do but my bag seemed to be stuck under the chair. In one part of the room there is a large square area that is bordered with a counter/desk a little more than waist-high. This was the nurse workstation. One of them called for anyone from St. Joe. I was surprised that there were about six of us there who went up to the desk. I looked at two of them kind of closely to see if I knew them. Neither of them seemed to care if they knew anyone else there or not so I turned my attention back to the nurses. Two of the nurses were standing on the same side of the desk as we were and talking about scheduling us for our tests. We were told that there were three or so doctors available and doing the tests and we could choose which one we wanted to do the test. One of them was Doctor C. I was pleased to hear he was one of them yet surprised and didn't understand why he was doing this type of testing. Two people had gotten in line in front of me even though I had arrived at the desk first. The nurse had a desktop one-day calendar and was having us sign our names on the left page for the time slot we wanted. She said we could actually go as soon as the one before us was finished but signing by a time would give them and us a rough idea of the schedule. The two people before me both signed up for Doctor C. I debated whether or not I wanted to sign up for him. I really wanted to see him and visit with him, but I wasn't sure I wanted him doing this test on me. I wondered if I would have to remove any of my clothes. I finally went ahead and signed up to see him. One of the nurses said something about where we leave the building but I either didn't hear or didn't understand what she said. I went to the double-doors where I thought I came in and they were locked. I tried another set and they were also locked. I was a bit frustrated and then I saw through a window someone entering from a side door and immediately went to that door to exit.