I was working for a company other than CAS and with probably six or more other people. One of the people was actor, Dennis Quaid. Dennis Q and I got along particularly well and became fairly close. For quite a while we were just close friends but it did eventually develop into a romance. like when people become best friends first and then fall in love. Sometimes a group of us would go places together and he would put his arm around me as we walked and I would reciprocate. Still, initially, it was just a friendly gesture. One evening we were going to an opening event of a new business, owned by someone we knew. As we were walking with our arms around each other we were talking and laughing. He was to my left. I reached my right arm around and lightly caressed his stomach. It was at that point that I realized this was becoming more and just knew that he felt the same way. that he realized it too. We were off to ourselves at one point in the evening when we finally acknowledged these new feelings to each other. We shared a light, brief, yet very sensual kiss. Oddly, it's as though I'm watching this happen though too. maybe it's because I realize that others can see us, or did see this. The opening event was outdoors. The main gathering was taking place on something like a deck. But it was about the size of a couple of homes. very large. And it was bordered on at least one side by a body of water. Something happened and water began rushing up and flooding the deck with a powerful force, almost like a mild Tsunami. A few of the people I was with noticed it first and began yelling, Run. Run. So I immediately began to run, following them. I turned around to look for Dennis. I saw him behind me and hoped desperately he would catch up with me. I turned around again and looked to see where he was and saw he had closed the distance between us and was sure he would now catch up with me. Just as I finished this thought, and as the waves of water were enveloping people and furniture, I saw Dennis get caught between a bunch of furniture and go under. I stopped in my tracks and went back to try to find him and try to help get him out if he was stuck. So did a couple of the other men we were with. We couldn't find him. We went back to someone's apartment. Some of the men were going to put on diving suits and go back and try again. They were exhausted from the search effort they already made. I am in a panic and just praying that Dennis Q is okay. The one man falls down on a bed and is tangled up in all kinds of clothes. I am helping him out of the tangled mess and we realize that as he was in the water searching for Dennis other people's clothing had come off and had become tangled around his legs. It was all underwear. As I pulled each one off, we all looked at it to determine if it might belong to Dennis Q and each time we decided it wasn't. We are now going to this opening event again. before the flood or anything happened. This time, we knew what was going to happen so we could not only be prepared and protect ourselves but could help to protect more other people as well. As the time of the flood drew near Dennis Q and some others from an upper part of the deck began handing out floatation devices. I think they are called water worms. They were tossing some down to people on lower levels of the deck. They were all navy blue in color. I had two. This time I stayed close to Dennis Q and we managed to be close enough to the exit that we were able to get out in time with no problem.