I was with Bill C in a hotel room. Kara C and a friend of hers was there as well. It was a very large room and on either end of the room there was an enclosed staircase leading up to a second room. Kara C and her friend were upstairs playing. Bill C and I were downstairs having a very serious conversation. It was either about our relationship or about something that impacted or was impacted by our relationship. We simultaneously and impulsively both reach out for a physical connection or expression of this underlying intensity. Initially it is a very light connection, each of us touching the others arms and a light kiss on the lips. I'm wondering about the sleeping arrangements for the night, as there is only one bed and it does not seem that large. I know that Kara C and her friend are upstairs but don't realize that there is a bed up there. I see that the hotel has brought in a second bed, one that is on wheels, has a thin mattress and folds up in half to allow for easy transport from one room to another. I decide that I will sleep there and Kara C and her friend can share the bed with Bill C. The physical connection becomes more intimate as Bill C removes his shirt and opens his trousers. My thoughts and emotions become even more intense and confusing. I'm not sure what to do, if anything. I'm not sure what to say, if anything. We are both standing. We lie down on the bed, he on his back and me on my side. I am still fully clothed. Kara C and her friend enter the room. There is a bed sitting perpendicular to and at the foot of the one we are in. They both jump up on that bed and begin talking to us. I have a feeling that Kara C knows what has been going on but doesn't seem to mind. Eventually they go back upstairs. Bill C is now out of bed and has removed all of his clothing. I am still lying in bed fully clothed. I am noticing his body. his thin, tall frame. I notice something about his skin around his waist. It seems pleated for lack of a better word, and dark red. Of course I say nothing. The girls come back down and climb into the other bed, ready to go to sleep. We are both fully clothed, lying in the same bed but not next to each other. Jane C comes in and thinks nothing of the fact that we are in the same bed. She assumes that there would be nothing going on between us and that I'll be spending the night in another bed. I decide to sleep in the bed upstairs but can tell Bill C is not happy about that. There is another bed sitting perpendicular and to the side of the one that Bill C and I had been in. Bill C and Jane C leave the room and I curl up in the middle of the third bed, lying in a fetal position, partially covered with a blanket that had been thrown haplessly onto the bed. I am still clothed. Bill C comes back into the room and briefly lies down with me. He very gently and warmly holds me for a few moments and kisses me tenderly, before getting back out of my bed, and before Jane C comes back in. At some point I was talking to Jane C and she told me that Bill C used to be a medical doctor but that he gave up practicing medicine to begin this company. At first I was quite surprised by this. and that I didn't know that before now. As I thought about it I wondered if this is why he is always so interested in figuring people out or why he seems to read more into things than what is there. that he is always looking for more than what is presented.