I am in a restaurant, sitting at the bar with a man that I know, though I don't know him in waking life. We're sitting there talking when another man that we both know enters. I'm surprised that he chooses to sit on the empty stool to my right rather than on the empty stool to the left of the man I am there with. The three of us just happened to see each there by coincidence. None of us had planned to meet any of the other two there. I've known both of these men for some years. I notice the way the second way is behaving and wonder if there is some undisclosed romantic interest. His name is Jon. I think about this and wonder why I've never even considered him in this way before. He has shown up here today in a pursuit of information somehow related to the New York Mets. I see a group of 10-12 men that I know, some are relatives (one is John S). They are leaving a sports bar. They are on a trek to visit New York Mets bars in various cities. They go to each city long enough for a brief visit to their local New York Mets bar and then they move on to the next city. I don't know if Jon is following them or if he just happens to show up at a lot of the same places. I am now in another city, standing on a sidewalk trying to find the New York Mets bar so I can locate Jon. I am looking across the street at a couple of small businesses and their colorful signs atop their doors. I think I entered a building thinking I could go through to get to where I wanted but once I got inside I realized I was inside the parking garage for a hotel and I had no way out. A one-way door or gate had closed behind me. It's very dark. The parking garage is full, with the cars all be parked side-by-side and bumper to bumper. I hear a loud noise and notice a few hundred feet away that a pick-up truck is leaving the garage. I wish I was closer so I could sneak out right behind the truck. His truck triggered something in the cement that caused the exit door or gate to open and let him out. I notice a narrow walkway along the far wall of the building where he exited and decided to make my way over there and see if I could trigger the door myself. As I approached the walkway I noticed numerous metal plates in the cement. I heard a lot of noise as the various plates began moving up and down at different intervals and not all together. Some of these were part of the walkway that I had intended to get on. I debated whether or not to proceed but decided I could maneuver over the moving plates without getting hurt. As I did so the gate opened. I was close enough that I thought I would be able to get out. I neared the gate and part of it swung freely, and towards me, and I had to jump back to avoid being hit. I noticed how dirty it was and I seemed just as concerned about getting dirty as I was about being hit. I finally ducked down and was able to make my way out of the building. I was standing right outside and to the right of the exit, in front of a wall. A female employee was now standing right inside the exit and talking to someone across the street. She was saying something about that door malfunctioning and she was doing something to try to fix it. I was hoping she wouldn't see me there as I didn't want to get into trouble for being in there. She saw me and asked if she could help me with anything, not suspecting that I had been inside. I told her what I was looking for. She pointed across the street to one of the businesses I had been looking at earlier. I wondered why I hadn't realized earlier that it was the place I was looking for. As I approached the door I noticed that the front windows were full of sports related objects, all in green and yellow. I entered the sports bar. As I entered there was as display case in the middle of the aisle directly in front of me. I noticed Jon sitting alone, back and to my right. I started to make my way around the left of the showcase and this group of men that I knew, making their NY Mets trek passed me on their way out. I said something to one of them that I knew to get his attention. to let him know I was there. He briefly acknowledged me with a nod but kept walking. Then I saw John S and reached out and tapped him on the shoulder. He kept walking but turned to me and said, Can't stop. Gotta keep going. He said something else about their trek but I don't remember what. I now turned back to my right and saw that Jon was now sitting at the back of the bar on a bench, like you would see in a locker room. He is watching a TV and seems very sad. There is a man sitting along a wall to my left. He sitting on a raised platform that is constructed kind of like a niche in a wall. It is not much larger than he is. I approach him to kind of reprimand him for not participating in this important task that Jon has embarked on. I realize that he is a past manager of the NY Mets. As I near him I realize that he face is seriously disfigured. He has only one eye, in the middle of his face and it doesn't even look like a normal eye. I just realize that it is an eye. There are other markings and deformities on his face. I try not to let my thoughts or feelings about his appearance show on my own face or in my voice. I ask him why he is not participating in this task. He asks me if I would do it if I were him. I say that I would like to think that I would. I go back and sit down next to Jon. He doesn't even acknowledge that I am there. He seems very, very sad. There is another man sitting in a chair facing both of us. He has been watching TV with Jon. He knows both of us. I begin to talk to Jon. He is leaned over with his right elbow resting on his right knee, with his chin resting in the palm of his hand. I lean over where my face is almost directly in front of his. I am talking to him to try to offer a different, more positive perspective, of his effort. I want to help him feel better. As I'm talking to him he continues a focused gaze at the TV. I now reach with my left hand and take his chin in my hand and turn his face slightly more towards me. He continues his focused gaze on the TV. I bring my face very close to his so that our cheeks touch very lightly. I'm debating whether to kiss him, or wondering if he will kiss me. I realize that the thought does not even occur to him and I back away, continuing to talk to him.