I was helping to prepare for a family wedding. it may have been Kim H's. We were at my birth home. On Friday before the wedding there were a bunch of us that were going to help decorate for the reception. There were a lot of clear plastic shoe boxes that had the various items for decorating in them. KIM was lying on the living room floor. I said something to her about decorating and she got up. On Saturday, we had cookies piled everywhere in the kitchen. Some were in various kinds of containers, on cookie sheets, serving trays, and plates. Because there were so many, most of us were eating one now and then as we went about preparing for the wedding. There was one cookie that was probably 16 inches in diameter and another that was maybe 10 inches in diameter. There were several women in the kitchen and we were trying to organize these cookies so they would be easier to take to the reception and easier for people to select from. It seemed that I was sneaking the ones I was eating so no one would notice. We had the kitchen table covered with empty cookie sheets. Chris H was out there and helping me to arrange them so they weren't piled on top of each other and would be easier to use. However, others of us realized very quickly that we would not be needing them at all. We are standing by some kind of a counter that has open shelving beneath it. I see two containers that I pull out and put on top of the counter. BJ comes along and puts them back on the lower shelves. I ask her about it. She said they are some kind of very thin, very heavy pancake type thing and they aren't really a dessert. that when people eat one of those they typically eat nothing else. I wasn't sure why she brought them. The weather outside is very cold. There are two buildings where the reception is being held. We are setting up the food in one of the buildings. It's fairly cold in the buildings and the weather isn't that great. We're worried that people won't show up because of the weather. Someone is setting up play activities for the children around the perimeter of the property. I thought this was odd. They were going to have a young person at each activity to watch the children but I still wondered if the parents would allow that if they weren't with them. So it might keep the parents from enjoying the reception. I was looking out a window at one of the activities and concerned about it for some reason. It was something that the children would slide through. kind of like a water slide but with no water. Later I looked out and saw snow on the ground and thought about the children sliding through it and landing in the snow. They would be dressed for a wedding not for this type of activity. We were talking about the fact that not many people were showing up. The bridal party had still not arrived from the church so I knew we didn't need to be concerned yet about getting to the reception building for dinner. I sat down and was looking at a pile of shoes wondering if I could find a comfortable pair of shoes that would look okay. One was a pair of flat, ankle-high, suede, black boots with a ribbon tie. There was also pair of regular, black, flats. I said I wanted something that my new insoles would fit into. I showed one of the insoles to BJ and asked her if she knew how much they cost. She shook her head no and I said $90. I was upset about the cost because I hadn't asked the doctor about the cost when he gave them to me and then my insurance wouldn't pay for them. BJ and I were changing clothes. She took off the jewelry she had been wearing and dropped it in my jewelry box. I was trying to decide what jewelry I wanted to wear. I picked up two different necklaces and asked BJ if they were mine or hers. Both times she said they were hers. The second time I said, really? She said yes. I apologized for doubting her, but that I thought I had purchased something very similar not very long ago. I put a necklace on and had four other things in my hand, two of which were earrings. I was trying to hold all of these things while I put the earrings on. Then I picked up a brooch and held it against my label. It matched the necklace and earrings but I was trying to decide if it was too much. Someone said that a lot of people were showing up now so we decided we better hurry and get to the reception, even though they said the wedding party had not yet arrived. There were children playing at the different activities that had been set up. I was sitting with some of my siblings at a table and we were just chatting. I asked Brian F if he had his hair colored again. He said no. I knew he was lying because part of it was very dark black and one section was very blonde. It looked like a punk-rocker style. This would not surprise any of us with Brian F but I didn't know why he was denying it. I challenged him a little so he told me what he had really done. He had apparently become very intrigued with some alternative religion. The change in his hair had something to do with that. He was telling us some of the philosophies that he liked about this religious leader. I asked him if he was still Catholic and he said, yes, absolutely. I wondered what that meant if he was now so involved with this other group. It felt kind of cultish to me and I was concerned. He said something about the people in this group being the most spiritual people he knows. I got angry. I stood up and started to walk away and with what I'm sure was a glare in my eyes looked back over my shoulder at Brian F and said, I take serious offense to that. I said something else as I turned back around and continued to walk away. I felt the tension that I had created for everyone involved in the discussion and felt bad about that. I wished I could not have been offended by Brian F's comment and wished I would have known how to handle it better.