BJ had gone to Bob W's house and picked up his telephone answering machine and some audio tapes. We were in the kitchen of my birth home listening to them. She didn't seem to think he would mind her borrowing them. I don't remember why she borrowed them. I was standing just inside the screen door. Outside seemed like someplace else. Bob W was outside. He walked by close enough to have heard part of a recorded message that BJ had played from his answering machine. I saw his head perk up. as the message got his attention. A few seconds later he walked by again. This time it was intentional as he was trying to figure out what was going on inside. He finally walked up to the screen door. As he approached I opened the door. He extended his hand and introduced himself. He didn't realize that I already knew who he was. There was something else following that about the tapes. Then I am in a very messy, cluttered, bedroom. There is stuff everywhere. There were two beds in the room. One of the beds is where BJ had been sleeping with Bob W. I was going to have to sleep in the other bed for a night. I was upset about this and didn't want to. Nonetheless, I was trying to clean it up a little bit. There was now another woman. She was somehow involved with Bob W also. I don't know that BJ even suspected it. I am now walking through the house, though I don't know which house, and I tell John Bruce, a decorator on TV, that I wanted to show him this room that I think would be really great to makeover. It is kind of a sun porch. very rustic looking. But it is full of boxes and clutter. It's very messy. As we were walking to the room he was behind me and he put his arm forward and around the front of my waist and pulled me backwards against him. I think he made some kind of flirtatious comment to me. The woman that I was with earlier was in the house also and she had been continuing to make advances toward me though I was trying to put her off and not encourage it at all as I was not interested. She is now John's partner. though I don't know if they are married. She asks me if I would enjoy being part of a threesome with her and John and I tell her no. But perhaps I wasn't emphatic enough or clear enough because she then mentions it to John and he tries to convince me as the three of us step into a room and he closes the door behind me. We are the only ones in the room.