I walked into a room and there was a group of very-large, monstrous looking men. Each were lying on a table. as if to be examined by a doctor. None of them had genitals. The men all had appearances that were unkempt, unusually large, and disfigured to different degrees. Some of them looked more like characters out of a cartoon. At first I was afraid, but one of them approached me and began to talk to me and I realized how gentle he was. He explained that society had made them outcasts out of fear and because they are different. They had been forced to live under the city. I began to spend some time with them and realized that the only time they even hinted to anyone at being violent is if they felt that someone they cared about was threatened or in danger. At times I felt like I was watching a movie in which Sandra Bullock was the female lead, playing a character named Rose. At other times it felt as though I was Rose. One of the men asked Rose to perform fellatio on him. She didn't want to but reluctantly agreed out of pity for him and recognizing the human need for love and affection. Then others asked her the same thing. One man kept trying to rest his ahead against me as she did this and I kept trying to push him off. Someone was after me and I was trying to run away before they saw me or could catch me. My feet felt like lead. I could hardly move. I wanted to lift my arms so I could use my hands to grab things and help propel me forward but I couldn't. Some of these men blocked the path of whoever was chasing me and allowed me to get away. This happened several times. Sometimes I seemed to be in a dark parking garage and I was descending wooden ladders. The wood planks began falling off and I would sometimes slide down to the next level and other times fall. There was always someone below telling me to come ahead and I would be okay. At one point there were two other women that I knew. We were all three dressed in costume. I was trying to come up with something last minute. I had nothing on from the waist up except that I had put on a belt and placed a bunch of long stemmed flowers in the belt so they would cover my breasts. There was some kind of contest going on and each of us had to walk in front of the crowd as a model would. I was still trying to get all of my flowers in place when they called me. One of the girls had on a costume that made her look like some kind of a brown animal, but I remember having a very negative feeling about it when I looked at it.