I was living in my condo. There was a group of about six other women that I knew from the neighborhood. Susan J was one of them. The rest of them I can't identify as women I know in waking life. They had spread out a big blanket very near my front door. It almost seems as though it was directly in front of my front door. They were having a pitch-in picnic. I went out the front door and saw them all sitting there. One of them said something about not being able to get in touch with me. I think they said they sent me an email and I hadn't responded. I told them I had been on vacation for the last ten days and had not been checking my email. So I didn't know about it. But that was okay. Then we were all inside and talking about various things. It seems like my house is just it seems like they had been in my house. The living room in particular was in complete disarray. All of the cushions were off of the sofa. One of the women's daughters had a birthday I think. So there were a lot of gift bags. small, little, girly gift bags. They had things like princesses and Disney characters. female Disney characters like Belle from Beauty and the Beast. I was trying to get my house back in order. Put the cushions back on the sofa. I kept moving these bags around from one spot to another to get them out of the way. While I was doing it, I was looking at Susan J and noticing how much weight she had lost. She was really thin. maybe a size 8. I've never seen Susan J thin. I said something to her about her weight loss and how good she looked. She said something about it being mostly because she had been sick. I thought to myself that as much as I want to lose weight and be thin again I don't want to do it by being sick. I looked at her again once or twice and realized that from the waist down she was still the same size that she had been. We were talking and she gave me a hug. She said the two of us need to spend a girl's weekend together. I said that would be really great, that I would really enjoy that. We continued doing something. I thought what would be really great would be to spend a weekend at a spa and just be pampered all weekend with massages, manicures, pedicures, facials, etc. I told her that I had the perfect idea for our girls weekend. There were other people around so I didn't want to say anything else right then. Plus, I hadn't thought enough about it to be able to suggest a specific place that would be affordable. I knew there was a place in town and it could still be a weekend getaway if we stayed there. As soon as I had a chance and was getting ready to tell her and she pulled out a brochure that was about day spas. One of them was in town. She said, here's what we should do for the weekend. I was so excited that she had the same idea. I said, yeah. And we could get a hotel room so it would still feel like a weekend getaway. get away from phones and TV's and computers and everything.