I was at SVSDC with someone that worked there. Out of the corner of my eye I saw someone walk behind me to my left to go into the sleep center. I took a couple of steps backwards and looked to my left to see who it was. As I did, the person stopped and turned around. It turned out to be Doctor C. He came back towards me. We were standing there chatting for a little bit. I raised my right hand and placed it on his right cheek and brushed it lightly with my thumb. I told him how good it was to see him, that I missed him. While I was doing this, I realized that it might seem odd to the person I was with. I wondered what they would think but quickly decided that I didn't care what they thought. As we continued to talk I noticed that he had let his hair grow very long. He had a beard and mustache. He looked kind of scraggly. As we continued to talk I realized that his facial hair was just on half of his face. I thought that was very odd and wondered why he was doing that. Was it just some kind of rebellion against the hospital? Later I see him again. Now he is clean- and has his hair cut short again. He looked very good. Again, we're standing and talking. I put my hand on his cheek again and tell him how good he looks and make a comment about how soft his skin is. I told him I liked the look so much better than the last time I saw him, that I think he looks better without facial hair. Still later he is divorced. It's just the two of us. No one else is around. He leans in to kiss me and I turn my head for him to kiss me on the cheek. He tries again to kiss me on the lips. I take a step back because it feels inappropriate to me. I find out later that he is divorced. When I see him the next time he tries again to kiss me and I let him, but still feel surprised that I'm kissing him. We go to a number of events together. We attend an event at the sleep center together. Brandy C is there and being very flirtatious with him. She really doesn't like it that he and I are engaged to be married. I get the feeling that she is trying to break up our engagement. I feel good that he is not interacting with her at all. He doesn't want anything to do with her. He's being polite, but nothing more. Then we go to a party. I think it's an engagement party. It's in an outdoor pavilion. It has numerous square cement columns about six feet apart from each other. They are connected at the top with a cement beam. They form a grid-like pattern with openings in-between. There are a lot of openings in the overhead. It's evening. I notice a man by himself over to one side. I ask Doctor C if that's his dad. He said it was. I hadn't met him yet. I go over to introduce myself and chat with him. Doctor C followed me. He was very nice, very warm and welcoming. He welcomed me to the family. There are a number of employees there from the sleep center. There was something about a patient showing up at the sleep center and someone having to go to work. The employee needed something that wasn't there. I don't know if it was equipment, information, another person, or what. Now we are at the outdoor pavilion again. Doctor C's sons seem to be in their early twenties, old enough to be on their own. They may or may not have finished college but they no longer live with him. Ben C shows up and is very angry about his parent's divorce and Doctor C's relationship with me. He pulls out a gun and shoots Doctor C and he also accidentally shoots his own brother. An ambulance arrives and puts them both on gurneys and takes them to the hospital. I see that Doctor C is in a lot of pain as they lift him onto the gurney. They both had a full recovery. Ben C was very remorseful and went to therapy. Both boys ended up being very good, well-adjusted young men. They were involved in some kind of sport. It was an oval track with mild hills. They jump on it and speed around, but I don't see them actually jump on anything to propel themselves around the track. Ben C is excellent at this sport and has won many competitions. Jeff C, his brother, is very good but not quite as good as Ben C. He was determined to beat his brother and eventually does. at least once. That's all very exciting. We enjoy watching their competitions. We are back at the pavilion. One of the times we're there the employees are there with their children. Doctor C and I are talking to the children. We're just having a really nice time and establishing some very good relationships with these people and their children. At one point it seems that I am one of the employees, an African-American woman. who has a couple of children. There is another African-American woman who is a friend a co-worker. I'm flying. One time it seems that I just decide to fly to get someplace that I'm going. I decide to fly because I don't want anyone to try to stop me. I'm dragging something behind me like a tail trailing behind me. I'm trying to make sure I'm high enough in the air that no one on the ground can grab it. There is a child running along the ground trying to grab it but he isn't successful. One time when I'm flying I'm the black woman. It seems that I've created something like a slingshot where a rubberband is attached at two points at the top of these columns. I stand inside the rubberband and put myself as close to the ground as I can. I keep my feet braced against the wall or the columns. When I release my feet I propel forward. It seems like this is some kind of competition. My rubberband either keeps coming loose or breaking. One of my coworkers is going to watch my children while I do this. 