Bill C had asked me to come into the office to help him with something as part of our agreement to make myself available to him through August 5th. When I arrived there seemed to be quite a few people around, a lot going on. Bill C was in his office with someone with the door closed. I noticed through the glass by his door that he seemed to be having a good time. This was upsetting to me because he would never allow himself to have a good time working with me. I had the feeling that he was interviewing someone to replace me even though he had said he was eliminating my job. Later he was in his office with the door closed again with someone else and again it seemed that he was really enjoying himself. It's odd that so often I told him I wanted to do what I could to help him enjoy the business and yet he seemed determined to make me miserable. The landlord had started a new program to spotlight one of it's tenants each month by planting a tree outside the building and putting up some type of weather proof sign, 8 _ x 11, talking about the business. CAS was being highlighted that month and, surprise, surprise, Bill C was not happy with his sign. He asked me to make some changes to it and then put the new one in its place. After I placed the new sign I was walking to my car to leave the office. Jane C came up behind and began to walk with me and talk to me. I got the impression that she shared my perspective more than Bill C's but we both knew she needed to be careful of what she actually said to me. On the property there was some kind of outdoor vendor that sold some very unusual food item that was apparently the hot item. Everyone was talking about how fabulous it was. Jane C suggested we go get one and talk further. It involved ice cream and something people would not normally put ice cream on and it was something you could carry with you to eat. It was almost like an ice cream cone with some normal food but nothing you would ever see in an ice cream cone and then a scoop of ice cream on top. As we were walking, Bill C joined us and began talking to me about something else he wanted me to do. I was very frustrated and upset with him and I didn't want to do anything else, especially just now. It seems that later, out of the corner of my eye, I saw him approaching me again. I pretended not to have seen him and tried to hurry to my car to get away before he reached me but I wasn't successful. Jane C and I went into the city together. At times we were walking but at times both of our cars were there. She saw a friend of hers and waved her down saying that we needed her help. We walked with her friend to what I thought was her home but later realized was a hotel with apartment-like rentals. She was on the second floor and there was no elevator. The flight of steps was divided into three sections, each one 90 degrees different than the one before. The first step on the first flight wasn't at floor level as steps would normally be. We had to grab on to the handrail and lift one leg very high to get on the first step. Even then the first two flights of steps were more like thin slats turned on their side. Jane C's friend said this was supposed to be safer than normal steps. The slats appeared to be a clear acrylic or heavy glass with a neon green effect to them. As you looked down through the slats you could see grey concrete with lots of litter and dirt on it. The third flight was more like normal steps and a brown covering on them. After we had gotten to the woman's apartment we decided to go out for a cocktail. A couple of times Jane C said something about Bill C not knowing where she was but she didn't seem to have any intention of letting him know. It was dark outside and the city streets were lined with cars, though there weren't many people around. We felt uncomfortable with a particular group of young men we saw headed toward us. We went in somewhere and had a drink. We are now running through establishment after establishment to get away from these men as they are chasing us. It's as though all of these businesses are connected with one long hallway but a door to pass from one to the other. Sometimes the door was a swinging door and easy for us to pass through. Other times there were people in the way and other times we tried to open the door in one direction only to find out it opened in the other direction. Now we are in a car trying to get away from them and they are following us by foot. Jane C is driving. I say to her, Let's fly. I know we aren't dreaming, but if we are it would work to get away. I thought for a moment about how we could make ourselves fly, or how we would do it in a dream. We would just decide to fly and we would. For a few seconds I thought about this wondering if these two women were actually having this same dream but realizing that in waking life Jane C is not someone I could ask such a question to and I don't even know the other woman. Jane C decided to try flying and wished the car to take off like an airplane and it did. One of the men latched on to the back of the car and was dangling from the rear of the car. I was trying to knock him off. We go back to the woman's apartment. We are upset and tired and each decide to take a shower and then all three of us sleep there. Jane C decides she is not going to let Bill C know where she is until morning. I have at times questioned the type of marriage they have and this seemed to support my questioning. I was thinking about how it felt for me to be spending this time with Jane C. I was surprised that we seemed to connect in a meaningful way. She really seemed not just to get what I was thinking and feeling about the whole work situation but that she seemed to agree with me. She came out of the shower wearing a deep yellow bathrobe and had a lighter yellow towel wrapped around her head. We were standing very near each other, face-to-face, and were talking. I decided to go home. The other woman decided to walk with me to my car. It wasn't close to the hotel. It seems as though we began to be chased again.