I was at the CAS office. I had been in my office talking to some man and had my door closed. After he left Bill C came into my office to talk about something. He was very angry. He suddenly realized that something was bothering me and he said something about it. Then he said something to the effect that he was going to regret asking. We went to the copy machine and continued talking. We started talking about what was bothering me after returning to my office and closing the door. People kept coming in without knocking. Finally, one of us almost slammed the door shut and locked it so we could continue our conversation without further interruption. Finally we did talk through it. Part of the conversation was the acknowledgement of the warmer side of our relationship. I think this was my last day and before this conversation started I was just trying to figure out how to get through the day with no more problems with him or anybody else for that matter. When we finished the conversation, after we both acknowledged the more positive, warmer side of our relationship I asked him if I could have a hug this time rather than our traditional handshake. He immediately reached to give me a hug. He also gave me a quick friendship kind of kiss on the lips. It felt as though he was holding the hug for a long time. Since my door was closed when the other man was in there I wondered if Bill C was suspicious of why he was in there or who he was and maybe felt a bit envious. Maybe that's why he was mad. After completing my talk with Bill C I was in my office with someone else and had the door closed. A couple of IT men came in to work on my computer and they didn't knock first. They could tell that I was only partially dressed and trying to get the rest of my clothes on. They couldn't see any more than that. I was crouched down behind my desk trying to get dressed. They went around me to try to work on my computer. They were joking around and telling me my secret was safe with them and stuff like that. There was a window next to my office door that looked out into the hallway or the reception area. They had vertical blinds on them. One of them kept going over. I kept thinking that I wanted him to stop that so people wouldn't see me, see what I'm doing, see that I'm not fully clothed. One time when he walked away there were big gaps between the slats of the blinds. I finally finished dressing. My office was in terrible disarray. The computer men had moved things all over the place. I was trying to get things put back. There were two silk trees. They had placed them on top of my desk. One of them would stand by itself. I was trying to remember where I had it before where it had something to support it. First I tried it in the corner and I realized that wasn't working. Then I moved it next to my desk and tried to use the trash can to support it. That worked. It was a very strange looking silk tree. It was mostly trunk. At the top were just a few very dark, shiny, green, medium size leaves. The other one I think was a Fichus tree. I put it in the corner and continued putting other things back. A female coworker came in and was talking to me. And a black woman came in who also worked for the same company. She came in with a big smile on her face. She said to the other woman, That's my girl! She also told her that this was my last day there. She said she was sorry to hear that. to see me go. She could tell that I was sad so she started trying to cheer me up. Saying things like this was a good thing for me, I'd be going back closer to my family, and that maybe I'll even decide to get more education. I gave her a look of surprise. She asked why the look and I said because I am so close to completing my Ph.D. and I can't imagine wanting more formal education. At least not for a long time.