I went back to the CAS office for something computer-related. Everyone was there. At first I think didn't really care if he was comfortable or not. Then he said something from the other room about all of us going to lunch together as a better way to get closure on my leaving. I thought, that's fine. Now, he wants to go to lunch. (Bryan N) As opposed to when he first came back to the company I invited him to lunch and he didn't accept my invitation. I just said no and that I didn't think it was necessary. I was doing something a newsletter almost ready to go before I left. It just needed Bill C's final approval. I wasn't happy with a couple of the pictures. I had come in and edited those pictures and was going to replace them. I was having problems with the computer. Then I realized that the replacement pictures didn't look any better than the original. It seems as though in two of the pictures I was either trying to person in each of the pictures up with another person. There is a very thin line around each person. Like the one that I put in was just a fraction smaller than the one I was covering up so you could see the edges of what I was trying to cover up on both of them. I finally gave up and decided to keep the originals in. Bill C came in and I told him why I was there. I asked him if the newsletter had gone out yet. He looked at me like he didn't want to answer. But then he said no. He had something in his hand, stapled together. He was flipping through the pages and looking down at them while he talked to me. It didn't surprise me. He asked me if I would do it before I left. I was thinking that if he thought he didn't need me anymore he should just let Jennifer C do it. Jennifer C was kind of upset because she didn't know why I was there. I agreed to do it, but then as I was, Jennifer C got mad because she didn't know why Bill C didn't just have her do it. I thought it was all just ridiculous. Then he ended up getting mad because I was there. He walked out of the office. He was going to the men's room. I followed him to the lobby. He's really angry. With his back to me in a very angry voice he asked what it was going to take to get rid of me. I was so hurt but thought he needed to be this way to make himself feel okay about letting me go. I grabbed his arm and said, you know, our relationship was so complex and intense. I just can't leave like this. I can't just part and leave things like this. By the look on his face I felt like he knew that and felt the same way but he just either couldn't allow himself to say that or to agree with me or maybe it was even something else. It seems to me that there was a legal issue involved. Jane C was there with both of us at different times or at the same time. I don't know. Now we're all leaving the office at the same time. It's dark outside. It's winter. The parking lot is very slick, though not a solid layer of ice. Jane C said something to Bill C about walking slowly so he wouldn't fall and get hurt. Just as she said that I ran a few steps and then slid. I was turned at an angle with one foot slightly in front of the other and sliding fast and a good while. As I was sliding, I said there was nothing to stop me. I decided to just change my direction and slide off into the grass. Before I could do that a man from our group came up beside me grabbed my arm and stopped me. Bill C and the others started sliding. Bill C did a front flip the way a gymnast might. He landed on the grass sitting up with his arms behind him holding himself up. It looked like he had hurt himself but he didn't want to admit it. He just sat there for a minute then shook it off. 