I went to Cleveland to interview for a job at Fifth Third Bank. I was alone and not sure of the directions. There was road construction along one of the streets or maybe an exit ramp from the highway. Where the construction was going on there was a long line of construction workers all facing the traffic, each just a few feet from each other, to make sure that all the cars went very slowly and that they did not get over to far towards the construction. I was looking down at the road in front of me and at the line of workers. I was watching very carefully. I noticed something about the pavement I was driving on and realized that this is why they were being so cautious and I wanted to make sure I complied. I went to a McDonald's to get something to drink. There was no drive through and only a few parking spaces total for customers use. Luckily one of them was open so I parked there. There were only four to six tables total in the restaurant. There was an order window inside the restaurant. I decided to order some french fries as well. While I was waiting I went to a restaurant next door to use the women room. The lobby area was very dark and the restroom doors were dark wood with dark brown signs and dark gold lettering on them. I didn't notice it at first but both the men's and the women's had two doors each. I was trying to read the signs for the men's room thinking that one said men and one said women but I couldn't make out which was which. I man came up and went in. I could see the walls inside. They were bright red. I realized then that both doors said men and then I spotted the doors for the women's room. Just as I turned to go into the women's room I saw two separate women go into the men's room. They went and ahead and stayed and used it before coming out. I had to pay my bill at the restaurant and then I went back to my car. I had decided to walk to the interview because I thought it was only three or four blocks. It was on 43rd street and I was on 39th at the time. I thought I just needed to walk down 39th street to my right for one or two blocks, turn left and walk to 43rd street and I would pretty much be there. As I walked I remembered that many of Cleveland's main streets go off at weird angles rather than all being right angles. This threw me and I wasn't sure which way to go now to get to the bank for my interview. As I kept walking I was in this narrow corridor with business buildings to either side of me. They were quite varied in appearance. Many of them had very shiny, contemporary exteriors. Several of them had very odd shaped and inset entryways to get to their doors. Some of the buildings were not typical square or rectangles but had odd angular shapes. I finally stopped two women and asked them for directions. They were locals but seemed to have difficulty giving me clear directions. I finally found the building for the bank. When I walked in it looked more like a very large round atrium in the very center of a huge department store. The atrium had displays and such in it as well but the ceiling went much higher than that of the first floor of the rest of the building. I was walking around the atrium looking for some sign of the bank. I finally saw something that looked like it might be a teller's window so I went up and asked someone. They called a woman to come and meet me. She took me into an elevator. I don't know what floor we got off on. When we got off you could see nothing but carpeted divider walls that were about six feet tall. The all seemed to be self-supporting carpet and did not have much structure or seem to have much stability to them. None were set at straight angles but rather curved and waved all around very much like a maze. I was feeling very nervous, claustrophobic, as the areas to walk between these carpet walls was very narrow. With them curving around as much as they did I had trouble keeping sight of the women I was following. She would look into an opening occasionally. I wasn't sure if she was looking for an open space for us to sit and talk or if she wasn't sure herself where she was going. I had the sense it was both. Once I lost her completely and got very panicky until I found an opening and saw some people. Then the woman I had been following showed up. She took me into an area that had two desks with three or four chairs at each desk. She sat me down at a desk where an older gentleman was sitting. He was also there applying for a job. A male employee of the bank then came in and sat down at began to interview both of us while the woman sat in the background. He asked the man about his education and experience then asked me to tell him about mine. I felt very self-conscious, as it seemed to make the other man very uncomfortable. I tried to play down both my education and my experience. Also, I didn't want them to be held against me in getting the job if they weren't going to be viewed as positive reasons for me to get the job. I began to hope that there was more than one position so we could both get a job. The woman and I then got up and walked to another area. It was much larger, more open and there were more people there. 