I had decided to go to the office to talk with Bill C. I went to the Norse Starbucks first to get some coffee. I was trying to remember where it was because it was fairly new and I had only driven by it. I remembered that it sat back off the street a bit and it was around NTNS. When I got there I pulled in and was trying to figure out where I was supposed to park. There was another coffee place right next to it. Their lots were connected with no divider of any kind. Before I parked several long lines of people had gathered outside of Starbucks. I was trying to back out without hitting anyone, though my car was surrounded by people. I was debating whether or not I really wanted to wait through those lines for coffee. Once I parked, the lines in front of Starbucks were gone and now there are long lines at the other coffee place. I thought the timing was very nice for me. I went in to Starbucks and ordered a mint, chocolate-chip, decaf, frappucino with skim milk and no whipped cream on top. When I got to the office Bill C was not there. I went into my old office and I was sorting out a bunch of booklets. the size of the IGTBE booklet, while I waited. Jennifer C came in and we talked briefly. It was cordial and I was warm, but not like before. A little bit later Bryan N came in to do something and acted like he didn't even see me. I said hello to him and he looked up and said hi. It felt awkward, but I was trying my best to make it feel like it was no big deal. The office layout was like the layout of my birth home. My office was where my bedroom was. We had our own bathroom where the bathroom was in the house. Bill C came into the office and went into the bathroom. I know he saw me. I was sitting at my desk. The right side of the desk was sitting against the back wall of the room. I had a full view of everyone that came and went from the bathroom, as they did me. When Bill C came out of the bathroom he headed away from my office. I called his name, twice. The second time he turned around and said something like, Oh, Anna. He came in and sat down in the chair in front of my desk like he always would. He asked me what I was doing. I said I was sorting these booklets while I was waiting for him, that I had always wanted to do it but had never gotten around to it. Then I told him why I had wanted to talk to him. I wanted us to part company on a better note, so it wouldn't be awkward in the future if we ever ran into each other. I don't remember what else either one of us said but he ended up getting aggravated and walking out of the room. I finished sorting the booklets and took them out to the reception area. They had created a circular display of workbooks. It was about three feet in diameter and about four feet tall. They had created four rows of booklets at the bottom, each coming out from the center of the circle. They had made numerous layers because there were so many of them. They alternated where the rows started on each layer so the display would be stable. I didn't think it was very stable though. I was very carefully placing the booklets on it and asking Jennifer C if I was doing it the way they wanted. She let me know that she had just done what Bill C had asked and the way he had asked. The display was right in front of her desk, which I also thought was an awkward place for it. not leaving much room to walk through from the door to the training room or other offices. The display was also on a turntable. 