I was going to a baseball game. Ended up going in a limo with a bunch of black men that I didn't know. I got along well with one of them. Didn't know where my seat was and not sure I could find it. Wanted to sit with him. We got split up. It was an evening game and was about to end in a tie. They said if it ended in a tie they would play another nine innings. I was ready to go home and didn't want this to happen. I had brought a lot of stuff with me and was aggravated that I had. I had a briefcase, a purse, another similar kind of bag, and a jacket. It was annoying, cumbersome, and took too much space. I realized I didn't have my ticket with me and was very upset. An older gentleman walked by me and offered me a free ticket they weren't going to be using. He actually had four or five of them in his hand. They were a pinkish purple in color. I thought if I could have gotten two of these tickets and known in advance I could have brought Matthew along. He was a young boy in the dream. The ticket was for a seat in the section I was standing outside of so I didn't have trouble finding the section. I asked a few people who were seated where my seat was. They didn't seem sure either. A woman said that there were going to be lots of empty seats so I should just sit where I want. Ended up talking to people around me. Later a man sat behind and to my left and I began a conversation with him. Later a woman came and sat down next to him and then she leaned over and kissed him. I realized it must be his wife but I was surprised because she looked more like she would be his mother. I wondered how an attractive man like him would be married to someone that looked like his mother and yet I can't seem to meet anyone. A female friend of mine was now sitting there and talking primarily to me but the people around her were listening as well. She was telling me that she had gotten married. I was excited for her and said, Really? Is it the black man from the limo? She smiled sheepishly and said yes. That he had tracked her down later that evening and told her that he just knew they were meant to be together. and they've been together since. They had gotten engaged immediately and had a very short engagement. They've been very happy. I was wondering to myself why I had asked her if it was the black man. Why didn't I just say the man from the limo. I thought of Brian F and Latonya M and the fact that here is another example of a very happy interracial couple.