I was walking around the city of the city where I live. I went into 8 or 10 different buildings. To enter each one I had to climb a steep, high flight of stairs. Each flight of steps was very unusual. Some of the flights either seemed to be or actually were built higher than the typical twelve inches. At first glance, at the first two or three flights, I was a bit hesitant, wondering about the safety and if I would be able to climb them without falling or getting hurt. At some of the buildings there was someone at the top watching and saying something to me about the steps, in some cases telling me to be careful or saying that they really aren't that bad if you're just careful. In most cases each of the steps was partially rounded and open. The best description I can think of is the shape of the end of a medicine capsule, only partial. The rounded end was there and the bottom extended a bit further than the top part. In some cases the rounded end faced out and I had to step over the rounded end and into each step. In other cases they faced the other way and I had to step into each one. In most cases each step seemed to protrude a bit over the step below making me feel that I needed to be extra cautious. At least some of them also seemed that each step was slanted. down towards the back of the step. It's as though I had to step into each step, sometimes over and into. The steps were also very colors, some with a marble appearance in dark colors, other were white. None of them looked like typical steps in materials or colors that you would typically see. The last building I entered the steps led down into the building, though they were equally unusual. This flight had more of a feel of climbing down a rung ladder, though it seemed more sturdy than that. I would typically feel a little nervous about climbing down a tall, steep, rung ladder but I felt pretty confident about this one. The steps were white and the entryway seemed very well lit, bright and welcoming. An employee of the store was standing at the bottom cautioning me. This was a business that people bought memberships to frequent. They offered all types of audios that people could come in and listen to, but the audios could not be taken from the premises. Each room had comfortable seating for patrons to sit and listen to the audios. It was made up of numerous average-size rooms. Each room had a different topic of audios. There was something unusual about these audios, though I'm having trouble putting my finger on exactly what it is. One thing is that weren't made in any kind of format that we're used to seeing, CD, cassette, LP album. As I looked at the displays I noticed there seemed to be two or three different formats. Some did look similar to an LP album. Others were smaller, thicker square packages, but not like a CD or cassette. The topics were primarily not ones that you would find on audio. I think some of them, maybe most of them, were educational in nature. maybe audio books. When I entered some of the rooms I knew immediately I didn't want to listen to anything from that category and quickly left the room, sometimes not going further than to peer in or step into the room to see what the topic was. A woman that I know was there, though I don't know her in waking life, with her child. I thinking a daughter. We talked a bit about this business. I told her I had not known about it before now and I just happened upon it. I came into the building just to see what was here. I was very interested and happy to have found it, but disappointed that I had not found it before. I thought that there were probably few people who knew it existed. It seems that there is also a man there that I know, again I don't know him in waking life. On and off, I'm talking to each of them at separate times. One of them tells me about the membership. There is a small, rectangular, window-like opening along one wall. The opening has glass, or plexiglas part way down from the top, leaving an opening between the bottom of the glass and the lower sill of the window opening. The lower sill has a dark brown, wood shelf, about 12 inches deep and maybe 1 inch thick. There is a male employee behind the window and uses the opening to talk to members and potential members, or to pass documents back and forth. I go to talk to him, to get more information about membership. He tells me what paperwork he needs from me to be able to complete the application and I as I go through my purse I realize I don't have the information with me that he needs. He suggests a temporary membership and that I can bring the other information with me the next time. I'm still not sure what the cost of the membership is or if I should be spending my money on it right now. I'm trying to decide if this is something that I just want or if it will really be helpful to me right now. Now I'm talking to Jane C. We're talking a bit about my whole CAS experience. It seems that she sees things more from my perspective than Bill C's. I feel that she is definitely sympathetic and supportive of me. She is getting ready to leave and I ask her to wait just a second and I will walk out with her. I want to continue talking with her. At first she hesitates because she is meeting someone outside. I tell her it will really only be a second so she decides to wait. We have to climb back up to leave the building. This time the entry/exit seems darker than when I came in, though I don't think I noticed this in the dream itself. As we got outside Jane C began looking for her friend. At first she started to walk away thinking she would track her down but then she decided to stay for a bit. I'm facing many different streets, some running parallel to each other and others going off at angles in different directions. I can see down each street from where I am standing. I'm trying to remember where I parked my car, as I had been walking most of the day. I'm not sure I remember, and where I'm thinking it may be is quite far away and I'm feeling dismayed about having to walk that much further yet, to get to my car. The street running perpendicular to me is now somewhat rounded and has three or more lanes of traffic all heading in the same direction. heading to my right. The traffic becomes bumper to bumper just as the cars get in front of me. There are a couple of times that someone nearly gets rear-ended because someone is driving too fast and not paying attention. I realize that I need to cross this street to head towards my car and there is no crosswalk in sight. I'm standing there debating what to do. whether or not to try to cross this street in the midst of all this traffic. I see my brother Bob F drive up in a very funny, little, white vehicle. It's not a car really. It's something that he uses with his job at the park. At first I thought I could ask him to drive me to my car. Then I'm not sure I can get to him as he is in one of the middle lanes of traffic. I finally decide to at least get his attention. I call out to him two or three times before he hears me. He finally looks my way and I make a dash to his vehicle. As soon as I reach him I realize there isn't room for a second person, but he immediately pushes something behind him over and tells me to get on. It's a very small space. I would have to sit facing from the side of the vehicle with my legs dangling. I wasn't even sure I could fit in there. It was covered with some kind of delicate, pink fabric. There are some pearls similar lying on it or near it or under the fabric. I hesitate to sit. He needs to take off so I tell him I will just stand on the sideboard and hang on. The traffic is slow enough that I won't be in danger. So he takes off. There is now bumper-to-bumper traffic as far as I can see in every direction. There are also tons of people milling around. I realize that there is going to be a parade starting soon. I think I would enjoy watching it but contemplate trying to get to my car before it starts and watching it from there, rather than waiting until afterwards to walk all the way to my car. There are groups of young musicians standing around waiting to match in the parade. all dressed in bright, colorful uniforms. There are also a lot of buses parked everywhere. I suppose they transported the young musicians to the parade location. The buses have an almost graffiti like appearance to them. Most of them being a dark blue base paint with white graffiti. I'm trying to decide if it would be safe to walk between these parked buses, as the view from any one point would be so limited.