I went to the CAS office. I was sitting in the building lobby talking with Jennifer C when Bill C came out of the office. He had a pencil behind his ear and was headed to the restroom. He looked at me, noticed me, but did not respond in facial expression or word as he walked past us. When he returned from the restroom he looked at me again and I told him that I had stopped by hoping to talk with him for a few minutes. I'm not fully sure how he responded but his response included a snide remark and indicated that he would talk with me, reluctantly, and that he was very busy. He may have just been saying he was very busy because he didn't want to talk with me. I was thinking that there really was no need for him to be so rude or to be so rude in what he says or how he says it. I followed him into the office. There was a lot of construction going on both in my old office and in his office. At first I thought he might be moving in to my old office but when I looked in it looked like he was having it set up for more than one person to work in there. The room was about twice the size as it is in waking life. I had no idea what they were doing in his office. I followed him into a room that was also in the midst of construction and a total mess. I'm not sure if it is one of the offices or another room. I can tell that he intends to continue doing what he was doing and listen while I talk. Another sign that he really didn't want to talk to me. I had decided to just drop in on him like this because he wouldn't answer my email request for a conversation. Just as I began to talk I noticed a hinged picture frame sitting on a piece of furniture behind Bill C and to his right. Both pictures are of multiple people, but I am in both. The back of the frame is red velvet and the front sleek, shiny gold, else nothing decorative. I went and picked up the frame and began to remove the pictures. As I did so I looked at Bill C and said, I'm guessing you no longer want pictures of me sitting around here. I wasn't sure how to interpret his response. that he did or did not want me to take them. At that time Bryan N came into the room to get something. He didn't say anything to either of us in an effort not to interrupt us. I noticed some other things sitting where the picture frame was and realized that they belonged to Bryan N. I have a visual from the dream that I have no idea what it is or where it belongs in the scene. The visual has three large brown things about the size and shape of elevator cars. They are stacked on top of each other. I'm standing at a distance and it seems that they may be sitting in the building lobby. Bill C is walking past them toward me.