I moved back into my condo, but it looked different than in waking life. The front of the building looked more like a city apartment building, with red brick facade and many small windows. The section of wall around my entrance was almost all windows, but they were small square windows, side-by-side, rather than larger ones that you would typically see. I was standing inside peering out through a window and I could see this wall full of windows. It was several stories high and I noticed how the window panes glistened. There were people I know helping me to move. We were talking about the condo and having lived there before, about some of the old neighbors, and about the differences in the condos or building facades. I remembered that there was an attic. There was a flight of steps. At the top of the steps was a closed door that led into the attic. I remember that Tom G and Shirley J used to live hear and wondered if all there was stuff was still up there. Darren was there. He and I had gotten into a disagreement about something and he decided to go up with me and see what was up there. I wondered if they were ever going to move back in here. Darren said they weren't and since it was his relative he owned it now. I told him I would call Tom G and talk to him. He didn't think I would but I did. Tom G told me he had already signed the deed over to me and Darren. He didn't know that we were divorced. I told him that I hadn't seen the paperwork so he said he would take care of it and make sure I got the paperwork. Darren was going to have to buy me out or turn his ownership over to me. I knew he couldn't afford to buy me out so he just turned ownership over to me. As I was going through the stuff in the attic I realized that Tom G had removed all of his stuff. Everything that was left either belonged to Shirley J or her parents. Darren was still up there going through things with me. I started organizing things up there. There were quite a few rooms to the attic and each one had things in it. I was gathering things from the various rooms and moving them all to one place. I intended to talk to Shirley J about it. A member of my family was up there with me and we were talking about the various things that were up there. particularly the old pieces of furniture. There were quite a few pieces up there that I really liked and would love to have. They belonged to Darren's parents. I wasn't sure that I wanted to offer to buy them or not. One room had some old sports memorabilia. There were two miniature bats laying on an open beam. the kind they used to give out at the ball games on Bat Day. I thought that Matthew would love to see those. or to have them. I pulled them down to take and show him. Tom G and Shirley J used to have a bedroom and bathroom on this floor. Their bathroom had a wonderful shower in it. I wondered about having it moved down one floor to my bathroom. I thought it would be worth it. Darren starts hassling me about it. I reached to turn on some of the knobs to see if it was working and kept getting sprayed. There were massaging water jets in several different places on the shower wall. The water sprayed out of one at a time randomly. I turned my head at one point and Shirley J was standing there with a smile on her face. At this point I was very wet. We talked a bit about the shower. It seemed that I would be able to have it moved downstairs and have it repaired. Tom G is there now and he is going through some small items that are collected together in one spot. There are quite a few small kitchen appliances such as coffeemakers. Actually, quite a few of them are various types of coffeemakers, espresso machines, and such. He is going through them because there are just a couple that he decides he still wants. They are sitting on something that resembles a stage platform. I've climbed up on it to try to reach the various things to let him know what is there and to hand him the things that he still wants. I am downstairs with some of the people who have helped me move. Someone suggested that moving back here could be very good for me socially. I remembered that there was a community pool just a block or two away from me. I decided to walk to the pool just to see it again. I had to walk down a steep hill to get to it. I didn't have to walk far before I could see lots of people there. It looked more like a beach than a swimming pool. There were people at the beach. There was a strip of grass or pavement, or both, and then a strip of water that looked like a little gully that had been created by water overflow or a heavy rain. There were no children around. Most of the people there had dark grey air mattresses. A lot of them were lying on their stomachs on their air mattresses, head-first toward the water. A wave of water would come in and they would be washed backwards into the gully of water, or out of the gully of water onto the grass. I thought it curious that everyone had exactly the same kind and color of air mattress. I wondered if they all got them there, if you received one for being a member of the community or if they all just happened to buy exactly the same. There was a small building where someone was working. a pool attendant or some such. She was a young woman, with thick, wavy, black hair that came just above her shoulders. I went to talk to her about using the pool. She needed some paperwork from me that I didn't have with me. She apologized that she couldn't help me without it. I said it wasn't a problem. I would just bring it with me the next time. I walked back up to the condo. Now they look closer to what they actually looked like in waking life. I realized that Fern and Fred still lived next door. I remembered them from when Tom G and Shirley J lived there. I spoke briefly with Fern. She said something to me about having new neighbors on the other side of her also. I found out it was Darren and Angie Ho. I was a little irritated but decided I was not going to let it be a big deal. I listen as she tells Fern that the condo belongs to a friend of theirs that is letting them live there temporarily. She said they may try to buy it at some point but they aren't really worrying about that right now.