I was giving a dream workshop at, well actually it was going to be a class. a series of classes at a local high school. It was one of their adult ed programs so they had a whole host of different classes going on in the evenings. When I arrived there were a row of tables with people working behind them to get people registered for their classes. It seems as though I was lying down and covered with a blanket because I didn't have any clothes on except my underwear. I was covered with the throw that I have on my chair at home. I wanted to get up so I did it very carefully and wrapped myself in the throw while I walked over to find my robe. I found it but then I was trying to figure out how to get my robe on without dropping the throw or seeing me while I was switching from the throw to the robe. I was searching for a bathroom but didn't find one. This was all happening because I had forgotten to bring a change of clothes. I don't know what that means. I don't know where I was coming from and why I didn't change before I came here. I'm ready to go to my class and I can't find my room. I keep asking different people for directions. The first person I asked didn't know. The next person I asked told me but then I got lost. I ask again. This woman takes me part of the way. I find it. We get started but there are only about six or seven people there. We're waiting for someone. I decide to have them introduce themselves and say where they are from and why they are there or what they want to learn or why they are interested in dreams. While we were waiting I told them I was going up front. I had some dream magazines that I wanted to give them. I had four different issues and enough of each issue to give to each of them. When I headed back to the lobby to get them I got lost again. I asked a man and he said that even though he works there during the day he gets lost. He's wearing a costume that reminds me of a circus performer. I'm walking through the hallways. They are covered with fabric. Even the ceilings are covered with fabric. It's a very circus-like atmosphere. Some of the walls seem to be quilted. The fabric is different from section to section. I meet someone else in the hallway and ask him. He couldn't tell me either but he did take me to someone that could. There was a man and a young boy. The man said will walk you over there because he's going over there anyway. It was one of the high school students. He had shoulder-length dark hair, was wearing a white T-shirt and carrying a backpack. We walked what seemed to be just a few feet. He sat down. I asked him if he was just going to tell how to get to the lobby. He said, no. We're here. He pointed to the front right of him and I saw the lobby. I thanked him and I went over there. When I headed back to my classroom I got lost yet again. When I finally found it there was a very large crowd of people in the room. It was a big room. There was an area kind of like a stage, two steps up from the rest of the floor. The stage area was a semi-circle. The people were all sitting on the floor but they were in groups. My class was in the middle. I asked them what was going on. They said that it was now so late that the other events have started. I apologized. They said it wasn't my fault. I told them we could go ahead and have the class but we would just finish later than we had planned. They said they were fine with that. The high school had a rule that they had to have at least eight people in the class to go ahead with it and I didn't have eight. Oh. That's what it was. One of the students went to try to recruit more people in the class so we could go ahead with it. So while they were doing that I had gone to get the magazines. When I got back they had just gotten back a few minutes earlier. They found two other people to join the class. I asked the two new people to introduce themselves, tell me where they were from and why they were there.