This organization is responsible for having specially trained pilots use unique airplanes to complete a task. The pilots are specially trained for this unique task. The planes look like small, very streamlined jets but they fly more like a helicopter in terms of speed and being able to hover. They are doing testing to see if they can improve the way they do it and the time it takes to complete it each time. The planes have a mechanical device that lowers from the bottom of the plane. At the bottom of the device is a claw of sorts. The pilot lowers the claw, opens it, and picks up two items at once. He then moves them to a different location and places them, not dropping them, in this new location. I was in some kind of relationship with one of the pilots, a man. We had an idea on how to significantly improve the process and the time but the other pilots nor the people in charge would listen to us. We decided that he would try it anyway one time, without telling anyone, when he was practicing with another pilot in another plane at the same time. One of the goals was to reduce the time it took to complete the task. The other goal was to reduce the amount of landing strip needed. The two planes took off at the same time and the man I was with returned in about one tenth the time it took the other pilot. He also landed nearly like a helicopter, needing very little landing strip at all. The other pilot and the people who were observing couldn't believe it. They wanted to know how he did it and he explained that he had done what we had suggested earlier. It is now dark outside. He and I are standing near the plane and we become the cosmic spirits we once were. We look like wisps of white smoke. teardrops with tails turned on their sides. As we begin to float into the night air we embrace and kiss. We have always been a couple as spirits. We have the most complete, full, deep love for each other that I have ever experienced. Now there is some kind of discord between us. I see other spirits. I think I feel threatened that another spirit will get into a relationship with my partner and I will be left alone. Then I realize that we both recognize that we will always be together, always be a spiritual couple. However now it feels more like he sees it as something he must simply tolerate and make the best of.