I am at a wedding. All of the girls in the bridal are hairdressers and work at the same salon with the bride. I am with them as a guest at the wedding. After the wedding the bridesmaids go to the salon to change clothes and I go with them. The salon is very unique inside and out. There is a lawn surrounding the salon. In the lawn there are large letters laying in the grass spelling various words. Some were single words and others were placed together to form sentences. They were each very positive, affirming, or inspiring in nature. One of the bridesmaids was the actress Sandra Bullock. A man had come into the salon for a haircut and became interested in Sandra. She was polite and kind but did not give him any romantic encouragement at all, perhaps even gently discouraged such a notion. The rest of us thought it would be good for her so we were trying to convince her to give him a chance. He left. Sandra was sitting at a table making something. She has a shiny white substance that she is shaping into small white ovals with a concave in the top of them. They are a little smaller than an egg and about an inch high. She had finished one and was working on a second. They are sitting side-by-side. They are sitting in something that is sky blue in color. I believe others are doing something similar. Someone begins to move all of them, as if they are on a conveyor belt. Sandra objects immediately. The man who was interested in her returned. He had made something that he thought would persuade her to give him a chance, something that would allow her to see something about the person he is. He had created a remote control toy train of sorts. Each car of the train was a word standing vertical. As the train moved you read the phrase that the various train cars made up. It was something similar to or related to the large flat words in the lawn. We all thought this was a very sweet, touching thing that he did, especially given what the phrase was and we knew it also had some special meaning to her. Sandra was trying not to be touched by it but I had the feeling that she might give him a chance.