Bill C asked me to come to the office to help with a special project. When I went in I was trying to find a place to work around Jennifer C. It was a very large room and it was a complete mess. There were papers and boxes sitting all over and file drawers partially open. There were two tables, or desks, sitting together forming a right angle. Jennifer C was working at the one on the right. I was trying to get computer equipment together to work on the left. I was moving things around, as I couldn't even get to the computer. I was getting very frustrated. I could hardly believe they let the office get this bad since I left. Did none of them really care about this kind of thing? The impression it makes on people who come to the office or the lack of efficiency it causes? Jane C had been in there working. There were brown envelopes stuffed full of papers so you couldn't close them and some were sticking out the ends. There were probably 30 or more sitting on the floor. There were also cardboard boxes full of paperwork. She had left a number of filing cabinet drawers standing part way open. She had piles of papers sitting on top of the open drawers as well. My frustration was mounting. Bill C was now in the room sitting at a table behind Jennifer C. I sat down in a chair and turned around to face him. As we were talking Bryan N came in and walked behind me to get something. I immediately turned around as I had something on a piece of paper that I didn't want him to see. I saw him place his hand on it while looking away and turn it over. I was glad he didn't see what was on it. I think he may have come in to get something off of the printer. Bill C and I had been talking about Bryan N. Bill C wasn't happy having Bryan N back. He told me he didn't know how much longer he was going to allow him to stay. He implied that he would like to have me come back after Bryan N is gone and that he realized his mistake(s) with me. After they were both gone I asked Jennifer C what she was working on. She seemed a bit irritated. She was typing Bill C's name on hundreds of checks because whoever had the checks printed neglected to do that. Bill C was making her type the name in on all of them. She had several boxes of them to do. I had a sense that this was not the only thing that she was not happy about lately. She got up and walked to the back to get something. 