A man about my age walked up to me. He was a bit taller than me and a medium build, with dark, neatly combed hair. As he came in front of me he slipped his left hand behind me and placed it gently on the small of my back and took my right hand in his. We began to dance. We were meeting for the first time yet it was as though we knew each other. It was totally comfortable. I was thinking that I knew this is how it would feel when I met the right person. We are now on a trip with three other people that are his family. Two are his teenage children, and boy and a girl, and one is his wife. He and his family are so messy. leaving things strewn all over the room. The girl comes out of the bathroom and tells us she had just gotten sick. I was waiting for her to get out of the bathroom so I could use it. I hesitated, wondering if I really wanted to go in right now. just after she had gotten sick. I decided to go ahead. I got in there and she had made such a mess. I was thinking about how bad it was that someone her age would make such a mess and not pick up after herself. that her parents should have taught her better. There was toilet paper all over the floor on the seat of the toilet and some in the toilet that she had not flushed. I debated what to do because I really didn't want to clean up after her but I couldn't use it the way it was. Then I noticed that there was a second toilet on the connecting wall. I walked over to it and it was just as bad. I finally decided that I was going to have to clean up the first one and use it. I walked over to it and, using just my thumb and forefinger, gingerly pulled a bath towel out of the toilet bowl. I was trying to remain as germ free as possible. Then I pulled out another and another. I don't know how many there were but when I finally got them all out there was a big pile on the floor. There must have been six or more. Someone else came in before I actually got to use the toilet. We are in a big room with lots of huge machinery like you might see in a factory. Each machine was expelling something that looked like bubbles from bubble gum. Each machine was expelling different colors and shapes. They were huge, unlike the size of a bubble gum bubble. Some were probably three feet or larger in diameter. Some were oblong and probably six feet or longer. There was no one around operating the machines. We didn't know what the bubbles were for. We were playing around with some of them. poking at them, pushing them through the air, and such. The machines were not expelling anymore so I walked up to one of them. The opening where they had been coming out was about one foot in diameter. It looked like one bubble had just started, not yet breaking through the opening, and stopped. I started poking around to see if I could pry it out. I think some of the people I was with were doing the same thing. Later, the man who operated the machines scolded us for messing with them. He said they had some scientific purpose and we were creating some kind of problem. All the machines are operating again now. I think there are three total. I gather up three or four of the bubbles and realize they act as helium-filled balloons, lifting me off the floor and allowing me to float anywhere I wanted rather than walking. There is a glass door that leads to an indoor swimming pool. All of us have gone out there at various times. We have to go that way to get somewhere else that we want to be. Our room is along the long side of the pool. To get where we want to be we have to walk to the right, across the end of the pool and then out another door. There isn't much space to walk at the end of the pool. It is wet and there are often swimmers sitting or standing there. I walk and back and forth through there twice. I walk very gingerly and watchfully so as not to fall. I especially don't want to fall into the pool. The first time I walk through there are a lot of swimmers there. They seem a bit perturbed to have to move so I can walk by. It seems that someone has been looking for this family that I am with. They are suspected of being aliens. from another country or another planet. I'm not sure what to make of that or how I feel about that. 