A man approached me from my parish. I recognized him but didn't know his name. He wasn't much taller than I with a smaller frame, though not really small. He had neatly combed blonde-grey hair. We had never met at church, but I had seen him there. I knew he had children. He was walking along side me and asked me to go out with him. I felt the usual reluctance that I feel when someone asks me for a date, but also noticed that this one somehow felt different. like I should give it a chance. I accepted. He picked me up and took me back to his house. I didn't know what his plans were. His daughter was there. She seems to be about 11 or 12 years old. I quickly realize they are planning to serve lunch. I am looking up at some plates and various things on the kitchen counter and trying to figure out what they have sitting there. I finally realize they have created a very elegant, unusual lunch. We are chatting as they finish preparing lunch. As we are having lunch we are interrupted. He and I have somewhere to go. I take the rest of my lunch with me. It looks somewhat like a half of a pineapple, hewn out and filled with pieces of various fruits and vegetables. We go to his backyard. He has a sunroom. All four walls are practically all windows and screens, allowing an almost completely unobstructed view of every angle. I thought it was odd that it was not connected to the house. Yet, I thought it was very nice, comfortable, cozy. He had written a song for me and was singing it to me. Once again we are interrupted and need to go somewhere else with a group of people. I think it's my family. or at least some of them are family. We walk up to BJ and she is saying something about this man that I am with. I am hesitating and stalling because I don't want him to know that his name has completely slipped my mind. I don't understand why this is and I'm very frustrated and embarrassed by it. I think if I wait long enough she will introduce herself. Finally, she holds out her hand to him and introduces herself. As he shakes her hand he says hello and that his name is Sam. As we continue with whatever it is we're doing we're being very discreet about the fact that we are actually on a date. At some point however, he slowly and gently reaches for my hand and takes it in his. I'm surprised that this is fine with me, it feels more than okay. It feels good. We are having a good time together. I'm still eating my lunch and wondering why it is taking me so long. He comments that it makes him happy that I appreciate his efforts on lunch. He likes that I am enjoying it. There is something that looks like pickle slices. I notice how very good they are. They aren't sour but they aren't really sweet either. We talk and laugh as we continue what we're doing. He is sitting next to me, at my right, but we are sitting perpendicular to each other. He leans over to whisper something to me. As he finishes I gently kiss his forehead. I'm quickly embarrassed that I did that, but it seemed to happen without any thought. I tried to act as though nothing had happened, trying not to make a big deal of it. Maybe wishing he hadn't noticed? I don't think that was going to happen. He sat back and then he leaned forward again and kissed me on the cheek. That was nice. I now felt better about kissing his forehead. A little later we hold a glance at each other for a few seconds. I think he wants to kiss me on the lips. I'm not sure how I feel about that. I have the desire to, but I don't want to kiss on the first date. I want to take this relationship slowly in hopes of not messing it up. I'm thinking that this might actually have a chance, but not totally sure yet. 