I was out with some of my family. Matthew was with us. He was three years old and someone else's child. He said he had to go to I the bathroom so I agreed to take him. But then I decided he could go by himself, even though he had to go upstairs. The second floor is an open area with a railing where you could see down to the first floor. The bathroom was right on the other side of that railing so I could watch him go up the steps and into the bathroom. I was sitting there waiting for him to come back when I hear these cries and screams for help. I couldn't tell if it was from Matt Or not. I started up stairs when I saw the door open and I thought, oh good. Here he comes. But when the door opened a little girl came out. Then I knew that the screams were from Matthew. Well, they weren't really screams but more really loud crying for help. But I didn't go help. About two seconds later the door opened and I could see inside. There were five or six men. Three of them were standing straight watching. Two of them were bent over close to the floor. Another was partially bent over. I don't know if he was participating or just watching. It was at that point that I realized they were molesting him. I was horrified and frozen. I couldn't move and didn't know what to do. What could I do against six men? Luckily about two seconds later they stopped and left the bathroom. One of them was holding Matthew's hand and they dropped him over the balcony. I caught him. He was just softly sobbing. I was crying. I held him in my lap and just kept saying over and over and over I'm so sorry. Then I finally asked him what they did. I told him that he had to tell me what they did. He sat up a little bit and leaned back and started to pull the front of his pants down. I asked him if they touched his penis and he shook his head yes and started crying again. I just hugged him tighter and tried to console him. I just kept saying over and over, It's okay. I'm so sorry. I was so very angry with myself for letting this happen.