I am in bed with Paulina but it's my office. I'm asleep. I'm awakened because Claudia comes in and sits on my pillow. She wants to talk to me about her troubles. I awaken in a start and mumble, "I don't want to deal with you guys," (the C. department). She says, "Oh no, it's just my problem," and blabs on. Finally she leaves. I start to go back to sleep. Paulina twists and mumbles in her sleep. She "follows me" around on the bed in her sleep. She wants to be near me all the time. Then I'm aware that she has wet the bed. Then the door opens and Fletcher comes in. He's lost weight. He gives me a ring and a bracelet. I say, "What's this?" He says, "It's a token of my love for you." He has come to tell me he loves me. I feel uncomfortable because I don't love him. I say, "I can't accept these gifts," and he sits with his back to me at the foot of the bed and says, "Oh, don't worry, they're worthless. Just trinkets I picked up." I ask, "Are you sure?," (because I think he's lying and they are valuable). Paulina stirs. I worry about her hearing. I feel jealousy from her. Then Fletcher starts talking about us. He's come so we can be together now. I'm thinking, "Oh, wait a minute! What's going on here?" He brings in a wire rack with things hanging off it, a glove, roses on a hat. I look at them nostalgically. I say, "How nice it is to see old parts of costumes I used to wear in a play." I put on the glove. It's leather (and too big). I am enjoying the articles and the fond memories of plays on stage. I'm aware of counseling people listening in at the door. He's now sitting up at the head of the bed. I look at him and pause, and then I say "I don't love you." I'm aware then of my abruptness and worry about having hurt his feelings. I then say, "But I like you, as a friend." He grimaces but accepts. Then Paulina and I get up. An older couple is at the door. It's very windy and cloudy but they are going to give us a helicopter ride. I ask the man, "Is this safe?" He says, "Sure, no problem. The copter will go up over the winds and will have a safe journey." We get in. The winds are fierce. We go high real fast. I think, "Oh dear, I'm afraid of heights." I then look out and we're so high that I'm not scared anymore. It's fun. It's a smooth ride. We ride over the river and the clouds. We land on the other side (N City, I think). We stay for awhile and then go back. Now I'm in the bed again with Paulina and Fletcher is there. I say, "You'd better go. I think the hotel manager is listening in and he's out to get you." I go to the door and open it up. He's out there. He's a short man (the guy in Taxi on T.V). He's a meany, suspicious. We talk. I pretend innocence. Then Fletcher comes out. He says, "I'll see you later," and walks past us. The manager is very upset. He wants to strangle Fletcher. Fletcher is playing with him. Fletcher yells taunts or makes funny faces and then pretends to run. The manager tears after him and almost catches him and then Fletcher runs again to do it all over. I feel apprehension and yell at Fletcher, "Cut it out; he could really hurt you." Fletcher keeps it up. Then at the top of the stairs, the manager catches Fletcher and starts to strangle him. Fletcher makes an awful sound in his throat. Just then, I wake up because Paulina is snoring.