I was in a restaurant. I saw Bill C, Bryan N and Jennifer C sitting at a table across the room. I decided it was time to offer the olive branch, bridge the gap and make things more comfortable when I run into any of them in the future. I walked over and said hello. They all smiled and said hello. I asked if I could join them and they said sure. Shortly after I sat down Bill C said something that pushed one of my buttons. I started to respond when Bryan N interrupted. I put my hand up in front of Bryan N's face and said, Bryan N. Wait. Stop. I appreciate your wanting to help but this really doesn't concern you. And I would appreciate it if this stayed between Bill C and I. I knew as soon as I said it that I shouldn't have. My doing that played into Bill C's accusation of my not being able to get along with others. I just stayed for a little bit longer and then went back to my own table. I ordered something to go. But it was something very unusual. something that you wouldn't normally get at a restaurant. But I can't remember what it was. I was standing outside. There was something like a farmer's market just outside the restaurant. That's where I was getting this thing that I had ordered. Bill C came up to me. I said I was surprised to see him, that I thought the three of them had left. He said no and that he wanted to talk. I went back inside with him and we sat down and talked for awhile. He asked me to take a walk with him and I agreed. We went someplace where no one could see us. He began to kiss me and things progressed from there. Then he suggested we go somewhere so we went to his car. He took me to his house. I don't think his family was there but I was afraid they might show up. He had installed a shower stall in his garage for him to use after working in the yard or after sports activities, etc. He got undressed and started to take a shower and then pulled me in with him. We heard Jane C. He grabbed his clothes and headed out the door. I crouched down near the floor in a dark corner. There was a workbench and a pile of towels or blankets or tarps. I was pulling at them trying to get enough to cover myself completely but couldn't. Kara C came in. She was only about three years old. She was holding Jane C's hand and saw me, but Jane C didn't. Kara C kept saying something to Jane C about my eyes. With Kara C being the age that she was Jane C likely didn't pay attention to what she was saying because it didn't make any sense to her. I kept my eyes closed hoping that. I don't know what I was hoping. She touched my eyelids a couple of times. They finally left. Bill C and I went to a little shed. It wasn't much bigger than five by five. I was especially nervous and uncomfortable at this point, yet I didn't really want to stop either.