Macy F and I had gone to a hotel and were sharing a room. I was going to be seeing a gentleman friend by the name of Scott. Scott had made arrangements with the hotel to have the room right next to ours. We went to our room and it was a very large room with three beds. The headboards of all three beds were along the same wall. There were two double beds and a king-size. Macy F was lying in the middle bed and we were talking about why we had a room like this. We found out that Scott had asked the hotel to remove the wall dividing his room and ours. Macy F and I were talking about how we felt about this. I had a lot of misgivings about it but I don't know how much I verbalized. She didn't seem to have any strong feelings one way or the other. As soon as I saw Scott I asked him why he did it. He made some comment about why but I wasn't sure he was serious and didn't know how I felt about it. Later I find out that Scott had given a copy of our room key to two of his friends who turn out to not be very nice men. They each bring in a ton of stuff. suitcases, clothing on hangers, boxes of all sizes and shapes. Some looked like moving boxes and others were more the size and shape of a long-stemmed rose box. It took over the room, even our bathroom. One of them took over our room and the other moved all of his stuff into Scott's room. They even put stuff in the shower. I'm told they had videotaped me with Scott. I was so upset about this on so many levels and for so many reasons. I was able to get the original and destroy it, but not until after they had already shown it to some people. Scott wasn't happy about it but he wasn't really upset about it either. Now, more than before, Macy F and I decided we wanted these scoundrels out of our room and immediately. We begin grabbing their stuff and just throwing it out into the hallway. In the meantime, Scott has gone to get hotel security to help us. They defended us and kept the two men out while we removed the rest of their things from the room. [I'm too uncomfortable with the details to record them all.]