I was a bridesmaid in a wedding. It was a large wedding. There was a man responsible for doing something at the wedding and he was at the wrong place. He was supposed to be where the bride and bridesmaids were getting dressed. He finally got there. We were pointing and trying to tell him where he needed to be. He didn't seem to understand at all. We were getting very frustrated but finally got through to him. All of the bridesmaids had white dresses, not like a bride though. They were cut straight across the bodice with empire waist line and spaghetti straps. An A-line. They were very soft and flowy. Things were very hectic. The bride had wanted the bridesmaids to wait until the last minute to put their dresses on. When it was time for me to put mine on it wasn't there. I panicked but ran home and got the dress. By the time I got back I only had five minutes before the wedding would start. I realized I had not brought the shoes or any hose. I decided it wasn't a big deal not to have the hose. It was unlikely that anyone would notice. But my mind was going in circles trying to come up with a solution for the shoes. I certainly didn't have time to go back home and I was too embarrassed to tell anyone. All of the others were ready. One of them came and was helping me to get ready. There were a lot of people around so I was trying to do it discreetly and without anyone seeing me in my undergarments. The dress was too small so I really had to suck it in for her to be able to zip it for me, though it looked really nice once it was on. I finally told her about the shoes and asked her if she could go into the church and look around and see if anyone was wearing white shoes that she thought might be close to a size 8. She thought that was a good idea. She came back after just a few minutes with a pair of pale pink shoes. I decided it would just have to do. The dress was likely long enough that it wouldn't even be noticed. When I put them on they had to have been at least a size 9.5 or 10. I thought the dress would cover it up. they would just have to do even though I was concerned about keeping them on my feet and them making a lot of noise as I tried to walk in them. I seemed to be running in to problem after problem. The wedding was late starting. They didn't want to start without me but yet they were very frustrated that they were waiting on me. One thing after another kept happening. After we were fifteen minutes late starting I finally gave up and just told them to go ahead without me. I was very upset with myself. I was frustrated.