I was with three acquaintances. At least, I wouldn't exactly describe them as friends. One was a woman and the other two were men. We were at a house but I don't which one of us owned it. Someone suggested we go across the street to see what was behind the neighbor's house. He would never tell anyone or let anyone see. We knew we had to run and hope that he wouldn't see us through any of the windows. There were full-length windows on each side of the house, though some of them were very narrow. maybe 12 inches or less. As we approached the side of his house we had to cross over an area that had 3 or 4 steps, a few feet flat across and then 3 or 4 steps back down the other side. It seemed to be marble. At least it looked like marble, and very ornate. I was afraid I might slip and fall. When we got to the back of the house there was a glass wall. Some of the panes had a frosted design on them. In the middle of the wall two of the panes served as swinging doors, though it was barely noticeable that they were doors. We had to go through those doors to get to the backyard. I was afraid we had been seen as I went through the doors but we hoped we were clear once we did. As soon as we got through the doors we stopped running but kept walking. We were amazed at what we saw. It looked like giant pool and spa area of a five-star hotel. It had all been created with beautiful materials. The level we were on was quite expansive. We didn't have to walk far to see what was on the level below. On the lower level there were several pools of different sizes and shapes. Each had crystal clear blue sparkling water. In some places there were waterfalls into the pools. The way down to the pool was not easily identified. As I surveyed the area I noticed a space that seemed as though it might be a staircase. As I approached it I realized that it was more like a foot holds built down the side of a wall. But this whole section of the wall was nothing but this, column after column of these foot holds all in perfect alignment both vertically and horizontally. It was mostly black but the inner edge of each foothold was painted a bright color. They were various colors with no specific pattern to the use of the color. There was water flowing down the wall so you couldn't go below without getting at least your hands and feet wet. I have a sense that the people who used this space belonged to some kind of club or association. Now I felt even more like I was trespassing because none of us were members. I wondered why it was such a secret though if it was such a club. Why hadn't the neighbor just told us about it. and let us know the requirements of membership? I and at least one of the men climbed down the side of the wall to the lower level and began to explore. We spoke little, except as to whether or not we were going to get in one of the pools. 