Someone was driving me to PTEMS to go to school. It was as combination elementary and middle school. As we approached we could look down and see the school buses, heading in our direction, filing in at the back of the school. It seems to be a circular drive with about 3 steps around the outer rim leading up to a walkway, and into the school. The school seemed to be L-shaped and the arced drive framed the inner and back of the building. We saw students along the walkway, on their way to school. They had not ridden the buses. We wondered where people dropping off students were supposed to go. We were now driving between the buses and the steps, but in the opposite direction. There wasn't much room, if enough at all. I was concerned about the students on the walkway. Outside there were two groups of teachers or staff of the school. One group in front of me and one to my right. The group in front of me was 9 or 12 people, standing in rows of three, one behind the other. The group to my right seemed to be a single row of maybe 3 people. Maybe they were greeting all who were coming there that day. As I approached the last person, a man, to my right a woman from the front row and far end of the front group called to me and waved. That group of people seemed to be wearing something like commencement robes. She saw me and recognized me as a new student. She seemed particularly interested in greeting me because of who I was, not because I was just a new student. She was a little older than me, maybe ten years. She had short, brown, wavy hair. It was styled similarly to what I see on my elderly aunts. She approached me and began to speak to me. She asked why I was coming to school there and was particularly interested because of my age. I stammered for a moment, trying to come up with an answer. At first I thought I would say that I wanted to retake some classes that I had taken as a child so I could get much more from them this time. But then I said it was a project. I wanted to get a true sense of what the experience is like in schools of this level in today's society. Other people in these two groups were looking at us and listening as we talked. As I was speaking I decided that I shouldn't have made this up. I finally, told her that I was just months away from completing my PhD and had hoped they might have a job for me. even if only as a teaching assistant as I really needed that type of experience.