At the last minute I decided to attend the class reunion. It almost seems as though we are having it at the school. I think I was already at the school and that's why I decided to go ahead and attend the reunion. I had a male friend with me who was going to pretend to be my boyfriend. He had already signed up to go. It was Randy M. We went to the registration tables. It was really crowded. There were three tables and three women working at each one. There was something else going on in the hallway right across from them. I think it was related to the reunion. I asked them if I could still attend even though I didn't preregister. I didn't actually get registered or get a name tag. We were sitting in a room that looked like a very large meeting room. The chairs were all lined up in rows. Randy M and I were sitting together and talking to someone sitting by us. I knew who it was but it wasn't someone I knew well or had conversations with during high school. Something they said prompted me to look at Randy M. I took his chin in my hand and turned his face towards me and kissed him. I said, that's why I love you. Later, Randy M is now Matthew. I had taken him along because no one knows him and he could pretend to be my boyfriend and no one would ever know. Of course, I wasn't thinking about Darren. I was getting so upset with Matthew. He was slouching in his chair. He wasn't talking to anyone. He would walk away without a word and be gone for long periods of time. I was getting more and more upset. I finally told him to just go to the car and sleep or listen to music or whatever. I was just so frustrated and embarrassed by his behavior. The next activity at the reunion they were talking about the additions and major changes they were making to the school. Albert S was doing most of the talking. Now we were in an area that had two levels. The upper level was an L shape. more like a hallway than a room with walls on all sides. The lower level was a fairly small square room. The upper level had very large cutouts in the wall looking down into the room of the lower level. The lower level had several rows of chairs set up facing a side wall and then several rows of chairs facing the front wall. Albert S was standing on the upper level looking through this cutout and talking to the people who were sitting below. There were also people sitting in chairs on the upper level. I was sitting on the end of a row next to two other women. I knew who they were but never had a conversation with either of them. We were making wisecracks to each other as Albert S spoke. They had their name tags on so that helped me to know who they were. I was noticing how many people I didn't know because of how much they had changed. A lot of these people may not know who I am. Of course, even if I had my name tag on they may not know who I am since I go by Anna now. I suppose if they had given me a name tag it would be better for me to have them put the name Elizabeth on it. The two women I was sitting with said something about not knowing who I was or not having a name tag. I said, my first name is Anna. Even if I had my name tag on I doubt you would know who I am because I've changed both my first and last name since the last reunion. They gave me a funny look, as most people do when I say that. We got ready to go on the tour. I was going to be very careful not to get separated from the other two women so I wouldn't get lost and not be able to find my way back. When I went to school there it was next to impossible to get lost because there were just four hallways and they formed a square. They've made so many changes even before the recent remodel. As we started the tour it felt very confusing to me and that it would be very easy for me to get lost. As they started the tour they were talking about a couple of teachers they were trying to hire. One of the things that they were using to try to lure them there was that they had built teacher residences into the building. Kind of like apartments but when you went inside they looked like any home. I think there were three of them. They were taking us on a tour of each of them. We went through a doorway that led us into a common entrance area for the three apartments. It wasn't square or rectangular, but instead had several odd angles. It looked very nice, very modern. It was nicely decorated. Some of the rooms in the apartments were kind of small, especially the bathrooms. When we returned to the main area for the reunion activities, I think it was the cafeteria because everyone was sitting at rectangular tables. I saw the six women that was my close group of friends in high school. They were sitting together at a table. I went over and said hello and began to talk with them. I told them I was surprised to see them there since they had not been at the previous reunions I attended. I said, I don't think I've seen you since and at the same time I finished the sentence they all said the same thing, the reunion at the American Legion. I think they went to the first two and then none since. Marlene F and I continued to go until the last two. I didn't go to the last two. As I was standing there talking I realized I shouldn't have been concerned about going alone because there were plenty of people there who were single or divorced. And it shouldn't be a big deal for me to say I'm in the midst of a professional transition. I don't have to say I was fired and can't find a job and try to explain why I haven't found a job yet. I noticed various people had brought one of their adult children along as a guest. I was thinking that I didn't need to have Matthew pretend to be someone else. There wasn't an extra chair for me to sit down. Angie Hz was talking to someone else so I couldn't say hello to her. Brenda E was sitting further down at the table. I didn't interrupt whoever was talking so I just waved to her and mouthed the word hello. I felt awkward about being there with them. I'm not sure if I felt out of place or unwelcome. I remember how often I felt that way with the group when we were in high school.