It seems like I was at home with Mother, yet I was in BR. I had some clothing racks that I needed to return to NTNS. I was trying to figure out how to return them because they wouldn't fit in the car, etc. Then I remembered that I had taken them apart so they would fit in the car. The store is so close I don't need to drive them down there. So I decided to take them by foot. It started raining pretty hard. When I was on my way home my mind was wandering and I wasn't paying attention to where I was going. When I snapped out of this trance-like mode I was in I realized that I had gotten lost. I didn't know where I was or how to get home. I knew I was pretty far from home though. I was laying on the ground. Mark M was laying to my right. I was laying on my right side as we talked. I saw an older, bedraggled man walk up behind me. I saw he was getting ready to sit down. But he actually laid down right next to me with his back to mine. I was frozen from fright. I couldn't move. I couldn't speak. I was trying to mouth the words help me to Mark. I was afraid. I didn't know who this man was, why he was doing this, what he was going to do next. When Mark finally did see me mouth the words he stood up and very nonchalantly said, I don't think so. It was in response to my requesting help from him. It wasn't in a mean tone of voice or anything like that. He just said it and then walked away. I'm laying there terrified now because I'm alone with this man. This man starts talking to men and I realize that I know him. He is someone that I had gone out with in the past. He was hoping that I would go out with him again. He wanted a second chance at a relationship with me. He had changed and he thought it could be good this time. A friend of his walks up and says, There you are. His friend's name is David West [unknown in waking life]. They started talking about a new office building they just finished constructing. The name of the building was Smore Sjore. They asked me to recommend a hotel for them. I invited them to spend the night at my house. David was a bit hesitant but his friend was all for it. They finally decided to spend the night at my house. They started walking to their car and I ran after them. I suggested that I could ride with them since they were going to my house. That way they would find the way back and I wouldn't have to walk all the way. I had wandered so far from home. Now I'm walking in the BR area. I walked past BCHS. I think I was walking to church. But when I got there I decided not to go in and I just kept walking and again ended up much farther from home than I had intended. It seems like I got lost again. But then I am walking down the main street of BR and I see a huge new office building on that street. It's blue and grey, steel and glass. It's maybe 5 or 6 stories but takes up most of the length of the block. In the middle front of the building was a set of glass double doors. There was a large sign over the door that said Smore Sjore. I thought, Ahhh. That's their new building. I went inside and there was a small lobby area and another set of glass doors that led into a larger lobby. The larger lobby was packed with people. I don't know that another person could have gotten in there if they tried. I stood in the smaller lobby. A woman came up to me, I think she was with a media source, and began talking with me. I think they were having some kind of grand opening event. There was another woman standing there who worked for the company or was somehow associated with David. I asked her if she knew the names of the two men who built this building, wanting to discreetly verify that it was David and his friend. She said, Oh no. I don't think anybody does. I said, No. I'm acting as though I'm trying to remember their names and kept prodding her. The other woman with us said, She knows. She didn't know that for a fact. It was more the kind of statement that she believed the other woman knew the names. I finally said, One of them is David. Isn't it David I think West, isn't it? We were standing at a corner. There was a hallway to my left. Just as I said his name, I noticed David in that hallway and had just reached the corner where I was standing as I said his name. He heard me. I saw the look on his face. I excused myself from these two women and stepped over to speak with him. He was clearly uncomfortable with me mentioning his name but he was so nice about it. He didn't want anyone to know that I knew him. I don't think he wanted anyone to know who he was at all. He was also concerned that if someone told his wife that they saw him talking to me or heard me mention his name that she would jump to the wrong conclusions and get upset. But at the same time he was trying to be very discreet about his identity and with our conversation, he was also trying to be very kind to me. I thought it was very sweet the way he was handling the whole thing. I said something to him about his friend and he said something like I'm afraid that boat has sailed. I'm not sure but whatever he said gave me the impression that he thought he and his friend had both missed out by being married and not being available to be in relationship with me.