We were having trouble finding enough dresses in the colors that she wanted for the bridesmaids. We couldn't find enough fabric either. We finally decided that we would have them made anyway but use two different colors in each dress. The front and back panels would be one color and then we would insert a panel on each side of a different color. I was trying to figure out the best way to do it. When I told BJ about it she had already made one of the dresses. She had decided to go with all one color. Oh, maybe we were going to take the dresses that we found in the store and we were going to put insets in to adjust for the sizes we needed. But she decided to make them and keep them all one color. They were all white and very simple. Short sleeve, A-line dress. Very plain. On the day of the wedding we realized we were short one dress so one of the women was not going to be able to be in the wedding party after all. There were two black women in the wedding party and one of them was not going to be able to be in it now. Things were very hectic that day. Those same two women had ordered wigs with long, red hair. BJ didn't want them to wear the wigs. We were on a farm or the property where we were had chickens. There was a large wooden storage bin in front of the fence where the chickens were. Myself and someone else were leaning on the bin and talking when the wigs were delivered, although they only delivered one. We took and threw it behind the fence and storage bin. The chickens quickly destroyed it, though you couldn't really see it anyway. We pretended that we didn't know they had even been delivered. A little later something else arrived that someone besides BJ had ordered. I knew she didn't want it in the wedding either so I did the same thing with it. threw it behind the fence to the chickens. There was something hanging on or attached to the wire fence. It was almost like a piece of white fabric. I pushed this thing further under that fabric so I could be sure it wouldn't be seen. Someone did find it later but it had been all chewed up. I said I didn't know anything about it. BJ was not dressed yet. The bridesmaids were all dressed but we were finishing our hair and makeup. I hadn't even started my makeup because I had been so busy helping her with things that she needed. Finally it was almost time to leave to go to the church. I knew there wouldn't be any spare time once we got there so I had to hurry and get my makeup done. BJ and I were both in the bathroom washing our faces. I commented on the terrible condition of my complexion. My face was very broken out on my forehead. I was embarrassed by it and not sure I would be able to hide it for the wedding. I used an acne treatment. I couldn't find my makeup. I finally decided I would use her makeup. I found a shade of eyeshadow that I thought was close to my own but when I put it on it looked awful. KIM came up and asked how she could help. She asked me what colors my own eyeshadows were and I said I didn't know. I finally realized that my dressing table was sitting across the room and all of my makeup was in there. So I sat down and put on my makeup. Someone had made these things that I would best describe as looking like the guard shelter you would see behind a London guard. It had three walls and a pointed roof on top. The inside back were painted blue. Someone had taken white paint and did a decorative thing on the blue. There was one for each bridesmaid, as though we were going to be behind us as we walked. I'm not sure and don't know how that could possibly work. Someone had taken one of them and had painted various colors of balloons in it. They had written words on it intended to be words of encouragement for children. Words like courage and patience. I went and told BJ and she said it was fine. She said we should do them all that way. I didn't think that would look good at all but that's what she wanted. There was a young man there who was going to be driving her to the church. He was helping with whatever we needed. He was trying to keep us on schedule and reminding us what we needed to be doing, etc.  