I was attending a daytime event at my high school. School was in session. I decided to go early so I would have time to walk around and see the school and talk with anyone I might know. When I arrived I was given a schedule for the day. It looked like a layout of the building, with text in little boxes representing classrooms. The first place I was to be was in Ms Thompsons' English class. I was amazed that she was still there more than 30 years later. When I got to her room I realized her class was already in session and I was hesitant to Interrupt. I opened the door very slowly and quietly. I didn't see any empty seats so I closed the door again. There was a small alcove right inside the door, about four feet by four feet. I decided I would go in and just stand in the back corner and observe. As I did so Ms Thompson got up out of one of the student's desk and invited me over to sit there. I excused myself as I walked carefully across the front of the row of desks, being careful not to step on anyone's toes. When I got to the desk and prepared to sit down I hesitated because I didn't want to appear clumsy or fall as I went to sit down. The chair itself was a color that blended in to the wall and floor. I could easily see the desktop but that was all. After I sat down I realized there was at least one other empty desk as well. The desks weren't set up in neat rows as you would expect. There was a nearly full row of desk along the back wall and closest to the door. There was a big gap at the end of that row nearest the window and then my desk. Then another gap. There were a few other desks sitting randomly in front of that row. As I sat there I noticed my brother Bill F outside the window. I was surprised to see him. He was outside playing with some small children. He stopped and came into the classroom through a door in the outer wall. He didn't seem to even notice that he was interrupting a class. He looked at me, waved, and asked me if I wanted lunch. I said no, not sure what to make of all of this or even why he was asking me about lunch. After the class ended I went into the hallway. It was crowded with students. I was trying to figure out where to go next. I was talking to someone. They suggested I go where Bill F is. He was there trying out some new equipment at the school. fitness equipment I think. I didn't know if I really wanted to do that or not. I then found out that many of my familiar members were meeting there today and having lunch together. I went into the cafeteria. There were a lot of elementary school children there. They were working on projects at the tables. Bill F was in there helping some of them, then he left. I went up behind two little girls and talked with them briefly. I think my sister BJ was in the cafeteria as well. I went back out into the hallway. It was still crowded with students. My niece, Jody S, walked up. I don't seem all that surprised to see her there, even though that is not where she went to high school and she didn't even leave near there. BJ and Bob F didn't go to school there either, but the other four siblings did.