Dorothy S, her husband, and I buy a house together. We're beginning to move things. I was going through my kitchen things trying to determine what to keep and move with me and what to get rid of. I suggested to Dorothy S that since she cooks so, so much more than I do that I thought it would be best if she took care of moving things into the new kitchen. I wanted it to be comfortable for her since I do little in the kitchen. She agreed with that. I was going to get some linens and make the beds but then I realized that we had only moved one bed in, in a guest room, because we all still had at least one more night sleeping in ours at our old homes. My older and middle brother were both there helping, along with some other people. Bill F and I are someplace that looks kind of like a storage facility, but it is part of where I've been living. In one part of this building there are inside walls that do not go all the way to the ceiling but are connected with a horizontal surface. I had stored some of my things up there. Most of the things up there were filthy, dirty. Bill F was sitting on this surface at the corner where the two inner walls join. I was standing on a high rung of a wall ladder that went up the side of the shorter of the two inner walls. I was standing so my waist cleared the top of the ladder. A third person, I think it was Matthew, was walking around up there, bringing the things over to Bill F and I. I would decide whether to keep it or save it and then Bill F would act accordingly. Matthew brought me something that looked like a painting or a similar type of wall-hanging. The back was covered with a think layer of grey dust. Then he brought me another and this one was even worse. It was covered with not only the thick layer of grey dust but also large dust balls. Bill F knocked a couple of the dust balls off. Matthew and Bill F thought I would tell them to throw them both away because they were both so dirty. I told them I definitely wanted to save them as I really liked them and they had a lot of value to me.