I was running a cafe along with a group of peer students. I knew all of them, though the only two I can identify right now is Karyn L and Mary Kay C. All of us rotated in covering the various responsibilities rather than each person having one assigned job. The cafe had three individual glass doors at the front. Each one locked separately. We had decided as a group that whoever was closing at night, usually a single person, would lock all three doors, after the last patron had left, while they completed the closing tasks. One person would come back late to leave with whoever was closing. That person would use their key to enter the cafe through one of the glass doors. One night I was going to be closing. When the person who was coming back left for the night she left all three doors unlocked, even though all the patrons were gone. I was in the back so I didn't realize this until later when she came back. I was very upset to know that I had been in their that late at night, alone, with the doors unlocked. She said she didn't lock them because she didn't think it was necessary and she didn't want to bother with her key when she came back. A group of us had a somewhat heat discussion about this. Everyone but this one person agreed that we should stick to our original agreement to lock all three doors and use our keys when we come back. We felt it was in the best interest of whoever was closing each night. When some people had certain jobs they seemed to be much less productive. This was either because they were uncomfortable with the job because they didn't feel they knew enough to do it well or simply because they felt they weren't good at it. Sometimes it was that they simply didn't like that job and didn't want to do it. On one wall of the cafe there was a very large wooden box on the wall. It was square, dark wood, and about six or more inches deep. It had wood slats that divided the whole box into equally sized small square storage spaces. Each of those squares was about three by three inches. We used this to store things that we wanted readily accessible for our patrons. that we could either grab things quickly or they could grab them. Each space had an assigned purpose. Some of the student staff had not been doing a good job of putting things back where they belong. I found this very irritating. A group of us were discussing this, though I was likely the one most irritated with it. Some of the spaces had what I can best describe as piles of dirt or sand in them. something with a similar make-up and look. Some people had been taking the items and just laying them in the appropriate space but in this dirt or whatever inappropriate substance it was in those spaces. Where items had been placed in an inappropriate space I was removing them and putting them in the space they belonged in. I was doing this while talking with the others about use of this box. I was having an individual discussion with Karyn L, though I think Mary Kay C was within hearing distance. It didn't really get heated but we both had strong convictions about our point of view. I finally decided not to continue because Karyn L is much more strong-willed than I am and I just didn't feel like continuing the debate. I especially didn't feel that I had the energy to win. 