When my employment with Bill C ended he invited me to spend Thanksgiving with the rest of the CAS staff and their families. On Thanksgiving morning Jennifer C came to my home to pick me up. I don't why I didn't drive myself. She was having the dinner at her house and members of her family would be attending as well, parents, in-laws, and her sister Karen E. She took me to her house. Initially I wasn't thinking about who would be there. When we arrived at her house she pulled her car into the yard near the back. It was raining. As soon as she parked here I realized that there would be quite a few people there. I began to feel uncomfortable. As we were walking towards the house I asked her if it was uncomfortable for her. She said that it was. I told her I wasn't sure about it either. The CAS staff and families had never spent Thanksgiving, or any holiday, together before. I didn't understand him wanting that this time and especially inviting me when I am no longer employed there. I thought it might be that he did it to make himself feel better about letting me go. She said that she didn't know why he did it. She did say that they had discussed it the last day they worked before Thanksgiving and Bill C was regretting having invited me because he was now feeling very uncomfortable about it also. We entered the house and Karen E was standing there. I hugged her as Jennifer C and I finished talking. Karen E was wearing a dress with a pale or white background and small flowers. It looked like a dress that would more often be worn in the spring. Karen E had heard the end of my conversation with Jennifer C and said something about it. I agreed that Jennifer C and I both thought it was uncomfortable. Karen E was sitting on a sofa between two of Jennifer C 's other family members. I walked up to her and crouched down in front of her and put my hand on her knee. I asked her if she would mind taking me home. Then everyone got into a discussion about the whole situation. I finally said that I thought I would be uncomfortable for everyone if I were to stay, that it would be much nicer for all of us if I went home now. I thought this was especially true now that I knew that Bill C was regretting having invited me and was also feeling uncomfortable about it. The discussion continued. I was becoming anxious because I wanted to leave before anyone else arrived. Jennifer C finally took me home. As we went back to get into the car, there was a little shelter. It reminds me of a glass-walled entryway to a parking garage. The ceiling was drop tiles. They were water stained and a hole in one of them. Jennifer C didn't realize there was a leak until she saw me touch the top of my head because I had felt water drip on me. We both looked up at the ceiling. We had to walk through this little enclosure to get into the car. As she was driving me home we were talking about Christmas decorations. She said she hadn't put many of hers up this year. I told her I hadn't either, both because of the how cold the weather had been but also because I just didn't seem to have the energy for it this year.