Bill C had called and asked me to come to the office to help Jennifer C with some boxes she was preparing for shipment. I was quite irritated by this, yet I went anyway. When I arrived they had a dozen or so rectangular medium-size boxes sitting in the lobby. They were all full but just needed to be sealed, labeled, and delivered somewhere for shipping. This is why Bill C had called me. I was even more irritated now, not knowing why he asked me to come and do this. Jennifer C brought me one of the labels. She was making the labels, one at a time. She didn't bring me the shipping tape or anything else. They had another woman working in the office helping Jennifer C. I just kept getting more and more irritated by the whole situation. I have no idea why I agreed to do this or why I stayed. Bill C asked me to go into his office to talk with him. It looked different than in waking life as it was larger and had room for people to sit across the desk from him and at one end of the desk. I sat down in the chair at the end of the desk, knowing the psychology of having the desk between us. Our conversation was casual, and a bit awkward. I got the distinct impression that things were not going well for Bill C and that he regretted letting me go. It was as if he realized bringing Bryan N back and letting me go just made things worse instead of better. He seemed to be leading up to asking me about some type of part-time work arrangement. I got the impression that he was thinking about project based and possibly me working from home. I wasn't sure how I felt about this or if I would agree to such a thing. I thought to myself that I would just have to tell him no, that it would not be a good idea. There was more to this out in the lobby, with other people, and with the boxes, but I'm having trouble sorting it out. I was wondering how I would get all of these boxes out to my car, and in to a shipping facility. There was something about moving the boxes around in the lobby. I think I just decided not to help and I was just going to leave but Bill C convinced me otherwise.