I was out on my patio by the gate. It was partially open. I looked up and saw a black woman standing there. She was dressed in what I can best describe as a brown, hooded, full-length cape. She looked daunting and scary. I slammed the gate shut, latched it, and told her to leave. She said she was Nicki T from the SF store. I told her I didn't believe her and turned and went inside. I knelt down on the floor and crawled to the staircase to go upstairs. I didn't want her to see me in there or where I went. I came back downstairs a few minutes later but stopped halfway down. I leaned over the banister and looked out the kitchen window to see if she had left. She hadn't. She had reached over and unlatched the gate and entered the patio. She was standing right by the kitchen window looking in. I jerked back hoping she didn't see me. I wondered if I had locked the patio door when I came in. I worried that I hadn't. What if she tried to come in? I was trying to figure out a way that I could get to the patio door without being seen and make sure it was locked. As I tried to do this she came in. She removed her cape. I could now see that it really was Nicki T. She had an adolescent girl with her and a baby. I invited her in to sit. Her and the girl sat down on the sofa. I apologized for my behavior. She wanted me to see her baby. She handed the baby to me. I took it in my arms and told her how beautiful it was. Matthew was there. I made the comment that I love other people's babies. I meant that I did not like what went along with motherhood during the first two years of a baby's life and I don't have to do all of that with other people's babies. I can just enjoy them. We chatted for a little while. She told me she was going to be getting married. I asked her where she was working now and she said she wasn't, that she was collecting unemployment. She seemed to be embarrassed by that. I told her that I, too, was currently unemployed and collecting unemployment. Something she said made me think there might be a chance that I can get my unemployment benefits extended beyond 26 weeks. The young girl wasn't her daughter but a female relative. When she got ready to leave I was glad that she had been persistent and that I did get to see her and her baby and talk with her. 