I was wearing a floor-length, gold-colored, gown covered in sequins. I was sitting on a ledge outside the third or fourth floor of a building. I was sitting there to watch all of the celebrities arrive. I seemed to be way out of proportion to the building and other people, etc. It's like I was a giant in the land of regular people. The celebrities weren't arriving the same way you would normally see them arrive, a long row of limos and them entering the building via a red carpet. Rather, the street looked like normal and there were not huge numbers of people. The celebrities just stood around outside a mingled a bit with each other before going in. I was watching for one of my favorite male actors in particular. He was a younger man, maybe in his thirties, with naturally curly, blondish-brown hair. When I saw him arrive I was going to go down so I could go in and take my seat when he did, hoping to sit next to him. He was outside mingling and I got distracted by another favorite male actor. He was near my age or older. Dark hair and very distinguished looking. I started looking around again for the first man. I was looking everywhere, when I realized he wasn't out there any longer. I asked someone where he went and they said he had gone inside. I was upset that I had gotten distracted and missed him going in so I hurried inside. The seating looked more like what you see at a sports stadium. As I walked to find a seat I kept looking home to spot him. Just as I got ready to sit I spotted him so I walked past some people, excusing myself as they seemed a bit irritated with me. I hoped to find a seat at least nearby him. As luck would have it, there was an empty seat to his left. I sat down and we exchanged a courteous hello. There was another woman sitting to his right. They had come in together. He had been in relationship with the other woman, but they had an unpleasant ending to that relationship. I could tell the energy between them wasn't good. As the program started I began whispering little comments to him to establish rapport. He would smile and nod but not say much in response. My comments turned into flirtations. There was a time or two when he put his hand on my leg or patted my hand. Suddenly, he turned to me, picked me up and sat me on his lap. I asked him what he was doing. He took off his tie and jacket and something else. And he implied that he was going to make out with me. I told him he needed to stop, saying that we never know when the cameras might be on us. He made some very explicit sexual move and just as he did there was a spotlight on us. I was very embarrassed. Later we decided that we were not an appropriate match. He agreed to give me up if the other actor I had been watching would commit to being with me. I felt this was a little odd, yet oddly did not object. He gave me something like a piece of paper and something else and told me to go ask him. If he agreed then we would proceed accordingly. I took the things over and showed them to him as I spoke with him. I was a bit surprised when he agreed, though it didn't seem that unusual. As the evening ended we were mingling with others in attendance, often having our arms around each other's back. We were walking around and seem to be doing various things, laughing and having a good time. I asked him if he needed to go to any of the after parties. He said he was invited to all of them, and that actually a few of them very specifically requested that he show up for a last a few minutes. He wanted to take me along and just visit each one for a little while. I knew we would be up all night doing this. He went and changed out of his tux into a suit, to be a little more relaxed and comfortable. I thought how nice he looked but also realized that I didn't have anything else to change in to. He seemed to be fine with this. There was something about when we went out to get into the limo. Some kind of confusion and conversations related to it with several other people. I was watching where I was stepping. maybe because of the weather - snow, mud, or such. He and I are walking somewhere with our arms behind each other's back. I turned to him and said I hated to admit it but I might be falling in love with him. He smiled and nodded in agreement, saying that he thought this might just work out long term.