Bev was a young child, maybe four or five years old. We took her to the hospital because she had been ill. We learned that she needed to have surgery. I think I was more concerned and frightened by the prospects than she was. The doctor had made an incision on her right cheek close to her nose. He then inserted a tube that was attached to a machine. Something bad was happening in the hospital. Two men dressed in regular attire decided to chase the culprit. I realized that they were super heroes, like Batman and Robin, that weren't in costume at that time. I had some investment in what was happening so I wanted to follow and help. I ignored them telling me not to. The culprit entered a square hole in the wall that was attached to a wide, curvy, and very long slide. maybe more than one story long. At the entrance to the hole there was a bright, orange, beam of light that was about six inches in diameter with an ell pointing downward on each end where it met the wall. It was a security beam. The culprit managed to slide under it without setting off the alarm. The younger super hero headed off in another direction to try to cut him off. The other one slid under the beam and followed the culprit down the slide. I followed him, worried that I might not clear the beam but I did. As I was the man was telling me not to follow but I just ignored him. I wondered when he would change into his costume. Wherever we landed was filled with people. There was a long hallway running to my left and right. Down quite a way to my left I saw Bill C. He looked a little different than normal, more tousled or frazzled. I had not seen him since we parted company and that had been causing me some anxiety. I decided the time had come to get it over with and behind me so I walked down to him to say hello. There was clearly something going on with him that had him a bit distraught. He seemed happy to see me and said hello. He wanted to talk with me but asked if I could wait a few minutes. I see Brian F and Latonya M headed back to Bev. I knew my way around the hospital since I used to work there. They had chosen the worst possible route. I suggested they follow me. They seemed to have something with them, like luggage on wheels or maybe two-wheeled luggage carriers with things on them. I didn't know why they had them or needed them. I intended to take them through some employee-only areas. There wouldn't be these crowds of people, it would be more direct, and shorter. One area that we went through was either an ICU or an emergency care area but it was a long, rectangular room with beds lined along each long wall, like you would see in an army barrack. I took them on an employee-only elevator, going up to a higher floor. When we got back Bev was still where we left her. She was in a very large open, brightly-lit room. She appears smaller or younger than before.