I went for my informational interview with Jeff S. After we finished talking he said he was going out for a cup of coffee and asked if I would like to join him. Because I felt this could be an important future business contact I agreed. As we walked down the street, he said he had this special little place that he likes to go. By the looks of the outside of this place I had not even realized it when we arrived there. The entry was dark but there were three white steps leading up to the door. To the left the wall jutted out as far as the bottom step as did the overhead. Now we are in a mini-van type vehicle. Jeff S is driving and I'm sitting in the front passenger sit. There are two people in the back seat. In the seat directly behind me is Jennifer K. I don't know now who the other is. I am turned sideways in my seat, with my legs and feet resting between my seat and Jeff S's. I am talking to the two people in back, but primarily to Jennifer K. Somebody says something that unnerves me. Without thinking I lifted my right hand as if to grab something for support or stability. Jeff S takes my hand. He does so just partially, and cautiously. But I had the sense that this concerned me more than him. I didn't want to give him the wrong impression or do anything inappropriate. It was at this point that I realized he was a single dad. Sometime during all of this we talked about his children, who seemed to be all boys. Something caused me to let go of his hand. I reached to take it again but this time he was holding his hand sideways with his fingers spread apart and my fingers seemed to just naturally go between his. It wasn't until after I did it that I realized what I had done and again felt a bit concerned about impression or inappropriate action. But he just tightened his fingers around mine, just a little, confirming that this was okay. During all of this he never took his eyes off the road, but I don't think I ever looked directly at his face either. I had now let go of his hand as we continued to wherever we were going. I was wearing a skirt that came just above my knees when I sat. As I was talking to the people in back I felt Jeff S's hand slide gently between my knees and lightly caress the inner part of my right knee and just slightly above. Of course I noticed immediately and wasn't sure what to think. He did two or three other similar things, always very subtle, yet noticeable. I reminded myself that he is single and thought that perhaps there was some romantic interest. I thought how nice it would be to be in a relationship with a man like Jeff S. Now Jeff S and I are in this place having coffee and Jennifer K is with us. I don't know what happened to the other person. The weather outside was such that we had coats on, but not necessarily winter coats. It was raining and beginning to get dark. I got the impression that because Jennifer K was with us Jeff S didn't feel he could leave when he wanted. I didn't know if I should say anything to him, to let him know it was fine for him to leave. I had a tote bag with me, with my handbag, portfolio, etc in it. I was looking around for their restrooms. I got the attention of a woman who worked there and she said take me there. She had very pretty, black, shoulder-length hair with lots of volume and wavy curls. I am outside the restroom with Jennifer K. I went in cautiously because there wasn't a full door. The door was more like a stall door in a public restroom, except that it didn't go nearly as high. So passersby could see who was in there. Jennifer K knew I was very uncomfortable with this but had decided I just couldn't wait any longer so she stood in front of the door, facing me, and talking. I noticed a man standing behind her waiting for me to finish. I became concerned, wondering if I was using the men's room or if it was a coed restroom. I did notice a urinal on the wall. As I left I heard a family talking at a nearby table. They were talking about a tote bag that the little boy found and that it was so comfortable. I realized that he had picked mine up and taken it to his table. He had set a stuffed animal on top of it. I just casually went over and picked up my tote and walked away without saying anything. I heard someone at their table tell him that he didn't get to keep it and I somehow knew that the little boy was disappointed. As I returned to the table it occurred to me that possibly Jeff S was hoping Jennifer K would leave so he could talk with me alone again. I suppose he finally gave up and said he needed to get home to his children. He got up from the table and hesitated for a moment then left. A little while later he returned. I don't know if he said told me this or I implied it, but that his children were all tucked in bed for the night so he could leave again. Now I'm in the van with just Jeff S. As we are driving he is expressing his romantic interest in me. He said he wanted very much to kiss me. I was flattered, intrigued, yet wasn't sure how to respond so I simply smiled and said nothing. Later he says the same thing again. Now we are back at the place we were and Jennifer K is there, again or still. There are a bunch of things that we need to load in the back of the van. The van is now Jennifer K 's and it is pretty full of her family's things but we find room for what we need to put in there. The back of the van, from the outside, looks more like an SUV. But from the side it looks like a van. There are several food-serving dishes sitting in the back, with no lids yet partially consumed food in them. I found this curious but said nothing. Jennifer K and Jeff S are both leaving now but Jennifer K is leaving the van for me to drive home. She gave me the keys and said something about the van - like it being temperamental or some such. I tossed the keys in my tote and went back inside alone. I thought I had misplaced the keys once or twice. The place was getting ready to close for the night. I was standing near a back corner that was not well lit. There was a man standing 20 feet or so behind me. Jeff S walks back in and comes straight towards me. He stops just a few feet in front of me. He doesn't say anything, but suddenly leans forward and kisses me. After I got past the surprise of him showing up, and then doing this, I was thinking that he was a really bad kisser. He kept his lips tight together and pursed like a pucker. This was very disappointing. I was trying to make it better but not being successful. He stopped for a moment, said something, and then kissed me again. This time with open mouth. It was a little better, but still not great. He turns and leaves. I am now with him again, and I think there are other people around. We're having a good time, talking and laughing. I notice that his voice is different than I recall. It's not the deep and strong voice I was used to hearing from him. I thought maybe he had a cold. Then I noticed that his teeth, particularly the upper ones, were in very bad condition. The ones that were still there were very irregular, and some very dark. Really bad teeth are always a real turn-off to me. I felt guilty about this because I know it is very superficial. Yet, I have trouble wanting to kiss someone with really bad teeth. I either guessed or he told me that he is the midst of having some significant dental work done and his teeth look like they do because they are in the middle of the process. This made me feel better about thinking about being in a romantic relationship with him, yet I still felt bad because of my attitude towards this. Now I am alone again in the restaurant. All of the other patrons have left and there are two employees still there, closing up. Apparently there had been some kind of spill when Jeff S was there earlier and we had used a towel he had with him to clean it up. Jeff S called my cell phone to tell me it had been left at the restaurant, but it was very important that he get it back. He was guessing that it had been thrown in the trash. He said it had some important information on it. When I got off the phone I asked one of the employees about it. She took me to the back to where the trashcan was. It was a small office-sized wastebasket. Right on top there was a white towel that appeared to have spaghetti sauce all over it, or something like it. I gingerly picked it up so as not to get anything on me. Moving it around with my hand I looked at it to see if it was the right one. I told the employee that it wasn't. Then I noticed another one in the wastebasket. Again, a white towel with something that looked like spaghetti sauce all over it. As I bent down to pick it up I noticed the row after row of typed information on it. I said that this is the one. I picked it up and turned to leave. I went outside to the van. I seemed to behind the building, with the back of another building across the parking lot. There were only one or two other cars in the parking lot, and the van was parked furthest away. I was a bit nervous about walking alone to the van at this time of night. When I got to the van I realized that it had been broken into and someone had stolen some of the things that we had put in it earlier. That bothered me of course, but I was most bothered because Jennifer K had lent me her van and now some of her family things had been taken as well. I thought it was odd that they had taken some of the food-serving dishes. The two employees came out of the door Jeff S and I had entered originally. One came down the steps while the other locked the door. Then she same down the steps. She saw me by the van and said something to me. I told her about the things being stolen. As we talked another woman walked up. She was a maintenance worker of some kind. She said she threw the things away because she thought they were supposed to be. I was very upset yet trying not to show it, as I didn't want to hurt or upset her if it was an honest mistake. I quickly started looking around, thinking I could just retrieve the things from the trash. I asked where she had disposed of them. She pointed towards the building and said she had thrown them over there, in the river. Now I was simply flabbergasted. I was thinking, what? Why would she do that? Why would she dispose of things she thought was trash in a river? However, while I was thinking this I was looking towards where she was pointing and not seeing a river by any means. I thought that was crazy. There wouldn't be a river running alongside a building, and there wasn't enough room between these two buildings for there to be a river anyway. As I squinted and tried to focus my eyes to see better in the darkness, I noticed a small gully cut into the cement along the building. Water was flowing out of an opening through this gully. The gully went 20 - 30 feet or so and then there was a sharp right angle and it continued. I think a little further down there was a sharp left angle where it continued. As soon as I noticed it I ran over there hoping that I might be able to retrieve the things. I saw nothing and realized it had been too long since she disposed of it and it had all been washed away. 