Tom Cu and Mary Cu were moving to the city where I live. They asked me to go along with them to look at condos. They went to North Point Bay. I was telling them that I wished I still had my condo there, that I miss it. We actually looked at two different ones there. One of them I was lagging behind them when they left. I walked out just as the woman who owned it pulled into her driveway in a sports car. Some of her female friends were meeting her there. She gave me a look as if to say who are you and why did you just come out of my house. I got nervous for a moment because I didn't even see Tom Cu and Mary Cu anywhere around. But her friends just got in her car and they left. This one was extremely modern and either two or three floors. It was a very open floor plan with lots of red and chrome. I can't recall if the floors or the walls were red. The staircases were open with chrome banisters. It didn't seem to have much at all inside in terms of furnishings. We went to look at another one. It was very different. This one seemed to be more traditional looking on the inside and more of a first floor than second. It seemed almost cluttered with furnishings. The outside front yard of this one was great. They had built an arbor. It was beautifully landscaped. There were grassy areas and other things that I can't recall now that really attracted me to this one. We stayed inside this one for quite some time. We walked back and forth. While we were walking around we were talking about how excited I was that they were going to be living here and they were saying how excited they were that they would be able to see me so much more. I don't if we actually talked about this or if I just got this impression but it seems that I was going to be with them at least once a week, but likely more. We'd either be visiting each other or doing things together or I would just hang out at their condo. At separate times they had each given me a hug. It seems that another member of my family is there too but I can't recall for sure, or who it was. We went back outside and were just strolling around the front yard. They asked me which one I thought they should buy. I told them that of course I couldn't make that decision for them, but if it were me it would be no contest. They looked at me as though they didn't know which one I would select. So I said, something like, are you kidding? With this great front yard I would definitely pick this one. While pointing I mentioned a few of the specific features that I liked so well. One of them was the arbor over the entrance. Then I said, but then that's just me and my taste. 