I was at my birth home with many members of my family. My dad was in the house doing something. My mom and the rest of us were outside. She wanted to clean out the garage and complete the job before my dad came out to interfere. The first thing we were doing was moving everything outside and doing some sorting as we did so. We sorted for trash, for things to be sold - at a yard sale or such, things that needed to be stored in a different place or a different way, things that would be given away. Unlike in waking life, the garage had somewhat of a loft storage area. Bob F was up there handing things down to someone below. There were six or so artificial Christmas trees that were assembled and sitting up there. Mother was standing down below watching as he handed them down to someone else. As he did so they discussed what they might do with these. They were trees that they've used sometime in the past, but don't use anymore. One or two other family members said they would like to have one of them. They each seemed to look a bit different so they were saying something about those differences. The garage was covered wall-to-call and all over the ceiling with stuff, just as my dad's garage is in waking life. In quite a few places there were individual tools and such hanging on the walls and even on some of the support posts. He had attached wood strips to the support posts so he could use them for storage. Everything looked so dirty. There were some things that we were happy to find, that we had forgotten were out there. I didn't want to see them leave. I wanted someone in the family to keep them. It seems that one thing was a box of dolls that belonged to one of us girls growing up. I think I wanted someone to keep them because I still regretting having sold mine some years ago when I was unemployed and needed the money. I was looking at some of the tools and such hanging on the walls. They were so dirty. Covered with dust and cobwebs. Because they were hanging on walls I wondered if we really needed to take all of that stuff out of there. That seemed like a nightmarish task to me and I intended to avoid it if possible. Someone was sitting by one of the support posts and I asked them what they thought. They just shrugged their shoulders and said they didn't know. 