I had bought Grandma F's house to save it from being torn down. Part of me is very excited to be there and part of me is very worried about moving back to the country, especially to St. Joe. I think Matthew and I talk about it a little. He has the same mixed feelings. There is so much baggage attached to living there. The house was refurbished/remodeled before we closed on the sale. I was in the kitchen talking to someone from my family about what a great job Marlene F's family had done refurbishing this house. The house was much, much larger in the dream than in waking life. I see something in the bottom drawer of the stove and take it out and sat it on top to the left of the stove. It was very hot. I sat it on the counter and it was bubbling. Marlene F came in and took potholders and checked something in the oven that she had been cooking. She looked at me kind of funny, and the dish I had removed from the drawer. I then realized that it wasn't a drawer that I took that out of. It was part of the stove, a broiler drawer, and the dish still needed to cook more. I explained to Marlene F what I had thought and why I had taken it out then I put it back in the oven/drawer. I had decided to rent some of the rooms to college students. This was going to practically pay my mortgage for me, even though I wasn't going to charge them that much. One of the people that was going to move in there, however, was Jo V. I was so excited that she was moving in, for a number of reasons. She is such a dear friend. She can help me in areas that is not a strength of mine, and it would simply be good to have at least one other person there that I know. There are a bunch of college students outside, standing in a row. I went out to talk to them briefly and tell them we're not quite ready for them to come in yet. I tell them that we are going to allow them to choose their rooms in the order that they registered and pay. They all began reaching for their payments. One Asian couple was going to share a room. They weren't married. They handed me a credit card. One I tried to process it, it was denied. I felt bad for them but needed to only accept students who could pay. Now I began wondering if I would be able to actually cash any checks these students give me. As I continue talk to the group I watch the Asian couple walk away, very dejected and worried. They don't know what they're going to do now. I later decide that I have an extra room and I go back outside looking for them. I see them walking along the road. I run to catch up to them and ask them what they plan to do now. They said they were going to try to get a ride to someplace where they could get some money. I suggested that they at least stay with me for the evening, no charge. I tell them they can help the cook in the morning with breakfast and dishes. I can tell they are very grateful for this so they walk back with me. As we're walking back I think about my intensives at GC. Everyone had to sign up to help in the kitchen for at least one meal during the week that we were there. I decide that it would be a good idea to make helping out a part of the rental agreement for all of the students. There would be assigned tasks and they could sign up for the tasks or shifts that work best for them and their schedules. I let them come inside but tell them they have to wait a bit to get their rooms. Jo V comes in and sits down her luggage. I take her on a tour of the house. We're admiring the nice wall-colors they choose. The upstairs looks very much like the scene of a dream that I had in October 2001. Only where the alcoves were in that dream were doors to the various rooms in this dream. It was almost like a large open lobby, with the doors of the rooms on three walls and the opening from the staircase on the other. I told Jo V I had dreamed about this space before and now here it is. I'm loving that. We walk around and look at the various rooms. The first room we look at only has a curtain for the door. It is the smallest and the most modestly decorated. I thought Jo V would probably take this one and let the students have the other rooms. The other rooms had doors. I was thinking about the small storage crawl space in Grandma's house that we used to hide in as children. I wondered if they had left that and was trying to remember what room it was in. I also remember that a number of the rooms had one or more smaller rooms, or storage areas, inside the individual room. I was trying to remember which room, or rooms, that was. I realized that I had designated that for my own room. It seems to change, sometimes in the dream it seems to be upstairs and at other times downstairs. When they refurbished the house they made the staircase much wider and made all of the steps from a beautiful knotty pine. Towards the bottom of the staircase it made a sharp left-angle turn for the final few steps. Those steps were each longer than the one before it, creating a kind of fan shape. We're talking about needing to finish up the painting. I called an expert and asked their opinion and they told me I should paint the baseboards and crown molding to match the wall colors but leave the door and window trims white. I had gotten a very small thing of paint, about the size of a matchbox except a tad longer. It was the pinkish-red color that was in one room. I had a small artists brush and I began painting one of the baseboards, toward the top so I could immediately see how well it was going to match the wall color. A little later someone came and asked me about it. I said I had put a little on there to see if when it dried it would be close enough to the wall color. I told them what the expert had said. They didn't seem to think that I was going to work, or not going to look good. I'm not sure which. The area now seems to be one long, very narrow hallway with all of the room doorways to my right. I see that the students have gone ahead and chosen their rooms rather than waiting for me. I see one girl lift a curtain and come out of her room. I look toward the ceiling at the curtain and realize that there is just one long curtain hung across the entire wall to act as a door for every room. That meant they had to lift the curtain from the bottom when going in or out of their rooms and risk disturbing those in the other rooms. I didn't think this was at all satisfactory. The house is attached to the children's museum. The alcoves in the October 01 dream were in the back section of a theater, behind the last row of seats. I see a wall with a somewhat hidden entrance. I decide to take Jo V and show her what is back there, acting like I know what it is when I actually don't. There is a woman in there practicing some type of event or performance with a combination of adults and children. I don't know who they are. The woman turns and looks at me and says, sshhh. I realize who she is, who they are, and what they are doing. [Don't know any of them in waking life.] There is another doorway, leading to yet another area behind this one. Again, I pretend to Jo V that I know what it is and take her back there. I realize this is the back stage area for the children's museum. We shared use of this backstage area. I was unclear as to whether I owned the entire building or just the house portion of it. But this means the scene has changed from being a country home in St. Joe to a city home in the city where I live. I lead Jo V back, quietly walking through the area where the group is practicing. I take her to show her another area. There is an entryway that is split. One way leads to my room and the other leads to a huge sewing area. I know she is going to love having this there. The left and front walls are lined from floor to ceiling with various fabrics. The right one or two shelving units are full of decorative trims. Along the right wall something else is displayed, related to crafts or sewing. In the center of the room is a large workstation. There is a woman there. She introduces herself as the staff seamstress. I immediately thought to myself that I cannot afford to have a full-time seamstress and wondered then if I had other full-time staff. She must have noticed a look on my face because she quickly said that I do not pay her salary. That her salary is paid through the sewing projects she does for my tenants. This was a very large and oddly shaped room. John, a male friend of mine is there. [I don't know him in waking life.] I am saying goodbye to him as he is getting ready to leave. He is headed off to do something in particular. It is political and is somehow related to Russia. He gets on a train and leaves. As I walk through the hallway past the room doors I see that there are a lot of young people in each room. I decide a lot of them must be visiting friends, but see that some of them are preparing to sleep on the floor for the night. I decide we need to have an initial house meeting to discuss rules and such, and then we need to have them on a regular basis. I tell them all we are going to have a house meeting in the morning right after breakfast. Some of them moan and roll their eyes. Others look at me like they don't know what I'm talking about and don't understand why we would need this. I tell them it's to let them know the house rules but also to discuss anything they want to discuss. For example, if one of them have allergies to fragrances we should all know that and try to respect it by refraining from using any kinds of fragrances around them. Or if anyone has something that is a real hot-button for them, we should know about it. We just want to get to know each other and try as best we can to respect each other and each other's preferences. It will help us to live together much more harmoniously. I decide that I'll also talk about signing up for tasks during the house meeting. The next morning I go down expecting to see the kitchen staff fixing breakfast. Instead, I see all of the students fixing their own breakfast. One is fixing peanut butter on toast. She has a special name for it, but I can't recall now what it was. I felt bad that they were having to fix their own breakfast, yet certainly didn't want to do it myself. There was very little room to move between the counters and stove and it was not well lit. There were probably fifty students there. I call attention for the house meeting. I realize that I need to get everyone closer together so I can see everyone and so that everyone can hear. I decide we'll go somewhere else in the house and wave my hand asking them to all follow me. The walls are now very curvy. When I get to where I want to have the meeting there is just a large carpeted area. I think it should be fine to ask them to sit on the floor. There is one obese girl there. I see a friend trying to help her sit on the floor. Before I can change my mind she is sitting so I decide to let it go. Many of the students have stopped further down the hall, around one of the curves and I can't see them. I start and decide I need them all closer together so I call those students to come to where we are. I realize there isn't room for everyone there so I walk further and instruct them to continue following me. We reach an area that looks somewhat like the lobby of a nice hotel or a very nice waiting room in a hospital. There are partial-walls every now and then, all curved. Some have sofas and chairs toward the middle of the room, semi-hidden on both sides by these partial-walls. Some have sofas and chairs along the outside of the walls. There are plants and it is very nicely decorated. I stop there and ask the students to find seats. Some will have to sit on the floor but I'm not concerned about that. I think some of them are still too far away but decide to just make the best of it. I had gone to ask the woman in charge of the children's museum if we could just use the auditorium for our meeting. Even though there was nothing going on she didn't want to allow it. I wondered again if I owned the entire building or just the house part of it. I begin talking. I have to talk loudly so they can all hear me. There is a floor to ceiling sheer-fabric curtain hanging along the wall I'm facing. I realize that the backstage area of the children's museum auditorium is on the other side. At first I don't think much of it because there is nothing going on there. As I talk I walk around the area. I look behind the sheers and see there is some kind of meeting or performance going on in the backstage area. I then tell the students they are going to need to move in closer together so I don't have to talk so loud and bother the people on the other side of the curtain. As I am talking I am also standing on some of the tables so the students have a better chance of seeing and hearing me. I occasionally step from one table to another, without stepping on the floor. The wall behind is made of glass panes and the train track is on the other side. I see a train pulling up. I jump off of the table and begin running along the wall with the train and looking through the glass to see who is in the train. I am hoping John is on it. I've been worried that he would be hurt and not return from his assignment. I see him looking for me from a window of the train. I get to the entrance and greet him with a hug. We chat excitedly for just a few moments, saying how glad we are to see each other and that he is okay. I introduce him to the students and tell them about the assignment he just returned from. When I mentioned Russia, many of the students began getting up and gathering their things. I ask them what they are doing and they say that are leaving. They are not just leaving the meeting; they are leaving the house - for good. They want no part of someone who is connected to this activity with Russia. I can tell many of the students don't know what to do, while others are fine with it. So I begin talking about his assignment and why it is such a good thing for all countries. A few of the students who had begun to leave decided to stay. I watch some of the female students continue to leave. They are wearing very glamorous evening gowns. One is a brown satin and has a train on it that has rows of ruffles on it and is sprinkled with rhinestones. I say something to someone about the inappropriateness of their attire. As we get on with our day, some of the students are bustling about, completing their assigned household tasks. Others are getting together to chat or study. I went and talked to the seamstress about replacing the curtain over their room doors. I told her if nothing else she could make separate curtains for each room, but I would prefer that they each have a door. She said she would talk to maintenance and see if we could do that within our budget. I went to my private living quarters. I am using the bathroom and someone just comes walking in. I don't know if she realized what I was doing. I leaned a bit to my left so I could see her and I told her that this is my private living quarters. She said something about the house map not being very clear about that. This happens one or two more times with 2-3 people coming in together. Now a girl comes in wanting to talk to me. I tell her that is fine. We'll just sit at my desk there to talk. After I've finished with her I went to find the seamstress again to talk to her about the door to my private living quarters. At first the door was a full wood door with a bubbled glass pane in most of the top half of it. On the outside of the door we had something printed on it to designate that it was private quarters. I realized that whatever was on it was not clear enough. Now it seems that the door is just a partial one, more like what you would see on a public bathroom stall with another alongside it. One leads to my private quarters and the other leads to the sewing area. We decide that students are getting confused and coming in the wrong door. But then it seems that there is just one door and the confusion happens when they come through the door and face two hallways. They choose the one to the left that leads to my private quarters instead of the one to the right that leads to the sewing area. Then I suggest that maybe we just need two separate doors. The seamstress is going to once again contact maintenance and have them take care of it. She will also have them change the wording on the door to make sure it is very clear that it is private quarters and they are not to enter. I suppose if I keep it locked at all times it would solve the problem. I'm not sure why this doesn't occur to me then, or why I don't want to do that. My private living quarters have the same curvy walls that were in the other area. Now the location is confusing, as it seems both Grandma F's home and my birth home both. Many of our family members are there. I hear someone shout that Hope and Faith have had their baby. They are relatives. [unknown in waking life.] I run out to the living room and see that the front door is standing open. I go to the door and see a sign, seemingly floating in the air, that announces the birth of the baby. I'm trying to figure out how that sign is out and there and floating like that. Someone points out to me that Daddy has it on a string so it is flying like a kite. The string isn't noticeable at all. I look to my far left and finally spot Daddy. He is running across the front yard because the sign is pulling him along. I'm surprised to see him running that well and it is not bothering him physically at all. It's dark outside. Daddy had been at the hospital with the father. Mother had been there too, but had driven herself because her and Daddy were either divorced or separated. Daddy was still living at our birth home. I don't know where mother was living. I wondered how it was for them to be at the hospital together. There are several cars in the driveway. Mine is one of them. Matthew is there and we are talking about various things. I have to go to work at CAS. I only have a few days left to work there and I don't want to be late and give them the impression that I don't care any longer, or that I'm no longer conscientious about being on time, etc. As I was trying to get ready Matthew kept coming in and asking me questions and talking to me. Most of the time I would have to stop what I was doing, turn my head, and ask him to repeat himself because I either didn't hear or didn't understand what he was saying. He said something to me about his room. I was surprised that he had chosen a room upstairs with all of the college students rather than having the room designated for him downstairs. I'm trying to put my makeup on. I put my mascara on and realize how long it has made my lashes. I look at the tube and see that it is one that I've not used before. I'm very excited that it is working so well. Then I realize they have gotten very clumpy. As I try to fix it I smear it on my cheek. I reapply it and then use my eyelash comb to separate the lashes. After I'm done I decide they look ridiculously long so I decide to try to remove and fix it. As I do the lashes on one eye ends up looking like a sparkling blue and the lashes of the other eye are a sparkling pink. I wonder if I can just go like this - if it's very noticeable. Matthew tries to tell me it's not but I can tell he's lying so I redo it completely. As I'm finally just about ready I realize that I have flight today to the SAID conference and I don't remember what time my flight is. I ask Matthew to go get my ticket for me. He says something, indicating that he doesn't want to and I say, please, in a begging tone. I know it's not going to be easy to describe to him where it is because it is a drawer in one of the small rooms inside my room and I haven't fully settled in at our new home yet. I do my best. The attic has been refurbished to house the student's rooms and that is where my private living quarters are also. He comes back and hasn't found it. Then I realize it is in the safe and tell him where the safe is. I realize I'm going to be an hour late for work. I decide that I'll call Bill C on the way and tell him that I'm running late because of the birth. I'm concerned that my car is blocked in and I'm not going to be able to get out. I found out that Bev was leaving at the same time and that was going to be enough for me to be able to get out. Daddy and someone were emptying things out of the back of my SUV. There were looking at it and talking about it being my new SUV. At that time it looked like a truck, but when I got in to leave it looked like an SUV again. As I got ready to pull out of the driveway I noticed there were cars parked to my left, all along the right side of the road, bumper-to-bumper. It was still just dusk, mostly dark. A car seemed to pull out of our yard from the left side of the road and heading towards me. I noticed it was an older couple. The man was driving and a woman was sitting in the passenger seat drinking a cup of coffee. I looked around to see why all these cars were around. At first I thought maybe one of the neighbors was having a yard sale but decided it was too dark outside, or too early in the morning for that. I went ahead and pulled out of the driveway headed to my left. Just after I did I realized that I had forgotten something and needed to go back to the house. I decided it would be easiest to just park along the road with the other cars and walk back. When I went back I couldn't remember for sure where I parked, or how far away. It seems that I walked two or three blocks. The area looked more like city blocks of an old, small town, than it did like the rural route that our birth home is actually on. Earlier I had been talking with one of my brothers and mentioned a local bar and deli that had closed. They asked me which one. I told them it was a small one on of the corners. It was a little mom and pop business. As I was walking to my SUV, I remembered this conversation and was trying to remember on which of these corners the business used to be. If I could remember then I could tell my brother more precisely where the business had been. As I walked I wasn't even sure I would know my SUV when I saw it, because I hadn't had it very long, it looked so much like so many others, and it was dark outside and little hard to see. As I walk I see about one hundred feet in front me is a large vehicle completely blocking the road. I immediately get upset thinking that this will be yet another delay in my getting to work because I'm not going to be able to get around him at all. I realize that he is moving out of the way. I walk back and forth two or three blocks trying to find my SUV. I see a man with a boat pulled perpendicular to all of the cars parked along the road. It looks like it is against an SUV. At first I think it's mine and I get upset and start looking at the SUV to see if there is any damage. There isn't but then I realize that isn't mine anyway.