I had to go to the office building where CAS is located, but for a reason unrelated to CAS. As I entered I tried not to look in the direction of their office. I didn't want to see anybody and I didn't want to see any changes they may have made. Bill C saw me and asked me to come in and talk with him. I tried to say no but he persisted. As we entered the office suite I couldn't help but notice the major changes they had made in the floor plan. Bill C had walls moved to completely reconfigure the space. There was now a straight hallway with offices on either side. I don't know where the training room was and the reception area seemed to be just another office. Jennifer C had gotten her hair cut, very short and in a radical style that would be so unlike her in waking life. She was talking on a headset and got up from her desk and walked away. She looked at me but didn't smile or anything. Bill C took me into his office. He said something about Mary. I didn't know who Mary [unknown in waking life also] was but quickly realized it was a new employee and that it was someone Bill C knew before he eliminated my position. I suspected that I also found out that he didn't wait very long after I left before bringing her in. Bryan N had talked Bill C into all of these changes. This didn't surprise me. If anything, it just confirmed some of my beliefs about him. Bill C had something of mine that I wanted to get back. He said it was at his house and told me I should ride along with him as he went to retrieve it. I was very reluctant but it seemed that it was going to be the only way I was going to get it back. We got to his house and I waited in a chair outside. This particular area seemed to have an overhead that connected two buildings - maybe house and garage? I'm not sure. It was somewhat dark though, the way such an area would be when protected from the sun. Jane C came home and saw me there. She immediately came towards me to say hello and ask how I was doing. I said fine. I didn't want to say much, not knowing what was safe to say and afraid I would say something I shouldn't about the whole situation, or about Bill C. She said some things in a low voice. I got the impression that she was trying to let me know that she understood about Bill C, and that she agreed with me about what he did to me. He came back out and I really just wanted to leave and go home. Kara C and some of her friends were there and wanted to go swimming. He needed to do something for them with the pool and wanted to do it before we left. The pool was very elaborate. It was both inside and out, with an outer wall of the house in the midst of it, yet allowing the water to flow between both. The outside part still had an overhead shelter, just no walls except the one connecting it to the indoors. It was an odd shape and had some elaborate features like a waterfall. I was trying to wait patiently. I was in the house. Jane C was doing laundry. There were other people visiting them as well. I was standing in a room where Jane C had piled all of the clean laundry she had folded. She had piled it so high it was very unstable. A couple of times it started to fall and I caught it. One time I picked up some of the smaller items on top and divided them into two stacks on top rather than just one, hoping it would at least be a little more stable. Bryan N shows up. Now I'm very upset and uncomfortable because I really don't want to see him. I don't want to have anything at all to do with him. He's carrying his usual superior attitude, talking and laughing. I went to find Bill C to get him to take me back. We argue about it so I decide I'll just walk. I tried numerous ways to get out of the house but for one reason or another each one failed. I tried doors and windows. Bill C and I were both at a window once. I thought I could just climb out the window and then walk away. But right outside the window looked like a black hole. I would have to stretch my legs across it to put my feet on the ground. I'm not sure my legs were long enough to do this. I knew Bill C wouldn't have any trouble with his height of 6 ft 4 in. Once I was at a window, hurrying to get the window up and the screen out so I could leave before anyone saw me but someone did. More than once I started to walk but Bill C stopped me. He started making advances toward me and trying to figure out a way that we could be alone. They had a dog that kept following us when we tried to leave. Once when we did get outside a neighbor's dog came running up to us and for some reason he knew he couldn't leave with me because of that. After several failed attempts he reluctantly gave up. Bryan N said or did something he didn't like. I don't know if I said something to Bill C or if I just thought to myself, now you're seeing the true Bryan N. I was talking to Jane C again, telling her that I really wanted to go and that I was ready to walk back if he would let me. She told me how close their house is to the office where my car was parked. She pointed out the window and told me I just needed to walk up to the top of that hill and I would see the office and parking lot. On my way to the car I walked through some new homes that weren't finished being built yet. In one room, I think in more than one of the homes, there was a large odd-shaped counter. I thought it was part of the kitchen. There were large rolls of fabrics nearby. Jane C had suggested I use one of these counters with a material that I already had, I don't know that it was fabric, to make something I needed or wanted to help me get home. When I got to the top of the hill I could see at the bottom of the other side was the office and parking lot. The night lights were all on in the parking lot it was well-lit, which is why I saw it right away. It wasn't too far away, but still a little bit of a walk. I was just glad to finally be going home.