The whole Harris family was together for Christmas at Aunt P and Aunt H's house just like we used to do years ago. I noticed Bruce W. He looked like he did as a young man, with a full head of blonde hair, trim build, and a youthful mischievous look in his eyes. Playing an old card game - "I Hate You." I was so distracted that I didn't hear the directions and I wasn't sure I remembered how to play. My distraction continued and I never knew when it was my turn. We were all trying to sit in one large circle but there wasn't room for all of us so some were sitting a little bit behind others. Matthew is walking around the room on crutches. He had his right leg amputated. Different people ask him if he needs help. They clearly feel very badly that this has happened to him. But Matthew has a great attitude about it, as he most often does in life. Bruce W and I were talking. I asked him if he realized or remembered how much he used to tease me or how mean he was to me at times. He seemed not to, but I can't help but wonder if he just won't admit that he does. It seems through all of the events of this dream Bruce W and I are together. There seems to be some chemistry between us. Surely not romantic as we are cousins. I remember as a little girl I thought he was cute, but that's not so unusual. His daughter Lisa W and one of his sons are there. We went to Lowe's in his van. Other members of the family went also, but in their own vehicles. His two children were in the back seat and I was in the front passenger seat. We had purchased some lumber and things. On the way back he had made arrangements for Lisa W to ride with Aunt J and for his son to ride with someone else, telling them it was because the things we bought took up to much room in the van. It was really because he wanted to have a private conversation with me, or private time. We were chatting casually and exchanging occasional glances. For lack of a better word I would say the glances were mischievous. Whatever we were talking about had nothing to do with the glances. He reached over with his right hand and lightly patted and rubbed my left knee and rested it there for just a matter of seconds before withdrawing. This had nothing to do with our conversation either. Both it and the glances seemed instead to be communicating unspoken thoughts or feelings. Maybe the connection was just a personal one, of enjoying each other's company and understanding each other. Everyone at the house was talking about doing something. We were all looking at a computer screen. It was displaying a grid of squares and in each square was a graphic depicting some type of event or place we could go. Someone said something about the winery and the majority seemed to think that was a good idea. There were three printers connected to this one computer. Someone would click on one of the squares and then print something out. This happened more than once. Bruce W and I are riding alone together going to the winery. We are talking about his parents, Aunt J and Uncle A and how sad it is that they are both now deceased. Though earlier in the dream Aunt J was still alive. I know it must be very hard for him. It's very sad for me because they were my Godparents and very special to me. Even though Uncle A died 17 years ago, I still miss him and think of him often. I think we are all still grieving Aunt J's death as it has been less than a year. We start talking about my dreamwork. I must have said something about how few people understand it or are supportive of it. He immediately jumps to my defense and tells me that I shouldn't let what others think decide what I do. He also says something that makes me think he has been paying attention to his dreams and recognizes their value.