I had driven my car somewhere and ran into some kind of problem and had to walk home. I think I may have walked home to get my car key. I wasn't sure I knew the way back so I just trusted my intuition. I entered a door on a building that seemed to be in a bit of disrepair. It led me through a long somewhat dark hallway. At the other end was another door. When I exited that door I realized that I had just walked through one of the front buildings of my apartment complex and was now in the very front of the complex. I turned to my left, walked to the corner, and then turned to my left again, onto the sidewalk along the main entrance. Shortly after I turned the corner I realized I didn't have my house key. I kept walking as I tried to figure out what to do. It was a time of day when the office wasn't open and maintenance wasn't around so I couldn't go ask them to let me in. I needed a phone and didn't have my cell phone with me and I really needed to use the bathroom. I thought about walking to a public place like a store or gas station but didn't want to walk that far because I really had to go to the bathroom and I was barefoot. I had left my gym shoes in the car. I finally decided to just knock on someone's door and see if they would let me use their phone. I could call the maintenance emergency number and they could come and let me in. A woman answered the door. A very pleasant, white woman. She invited me and began chatting. She seemed to welcome an opportunity to make a new friend, especially in the neighborhood. She said she would just take me to my car. At that point that seemed to be what I needed so I was very grateful. I interrupted her, apologized for doing so, and then told her I needed very badly to use the bathroom and would she mind if I used hers. She said of course not and pointed me toward it. When I finished I flushed it and watched the water rise to the very edge of the top. I wasn't sure whether I should take the tank lid off to stop it and prevent it from possibly overflowing, since I know how to do that, or if I should just do nothing. I decided to do nothing as it seemed to stop rising. I am now asleep in what I think is my own bed. I've been sleeping for some time and wake up very groggy. I stumble to the bathroom attached to the bedroom. After using the toilet, I wake up a bit more and wonder why the d_cor of the room seems so different. The walls and shower curtain have a white, blue, and brown pattern of vertical stripes with flowers randomly throughout. I walk back into the bedroom. I was completely undressed and wanted to put something on so I reach for a t-shirt that is lying on the bed. I suddenly realize I am in someone else's house and I don't even know who it is. As I am quickly trying to pull the t-shirt on I see the blankets move and realize that there is even someone else in the bed. I crouch down to the floor to try to hide but still be able to see who is in the bed. It turns out to be a teenage girl. She notices me and sits upright in bed and looks like she is about to scream. I quickly put my finger to my mouth and whisper, shhh. Please don't say anything. I said something else but I don't know what so she didn't make a sound. Then I told her that I didn't know how I got there or why. I told her I needed help with my car. She quickly got up and pushed her bedroom door closed but not all the way. She said her parents would be very upset if they knew I was there. I don't know if she meant angry or frightened. I told her I would try to leave without them seeing me. Her parents call her so she leaves the room. I'm afraid of who might come in so I try to get into a very small closet. It's hardly deep enough for me to stand with my back to the wall and close the door. When I first open the closet door it is packed with clothes and I'm afraid I won't be able to get in. It's not much wider than I am shoulder-to-shoulder. Once I got in there were only a few clothes on hangers and one very large thing that reminds me of a cushion for an outdoor chaise lounge and the closet door is only partially on its hinges. When I try to close it I can still see into the bedroom in several places. There are now quite a few people out there. It looks like a sitting room, with sofa and chairs. There is a young boy sitting on the sofa facing the closet. I can tell that he sees me and is getting ready to say something to the others. The girl comes back in and starts to tell them about me. I come out of the closet. They don't seem afraid, just surprised and/or curious. I explain as best I can what happened and that I just need a ride to my car. The girl has a teenage brother who is there and one of his friends is there. They say they will be glad to take me to my car. You can see the mischievous look in their eyes, as I am standing there with a t-shirt on and nothing else. The dad and the grandpa say they will go also, in case I need help with the car. I wish I had some more clothes to put on but there is almost nothing in the girl's closet. I ask her brother if I can borrow a pair of his pajama paints and a shirt. He and his friend kind of look around and mumble something as if they're trying to decide if they have anything that I can wear. As the dad and grandpa are ready to leave the friend decides he can't go because he has somewhere else he needs to be and then the brother decides he has homework to do so he isn't going either. The dad and grandpa try to change the brother's mind but are not successful. As we're leaving I tell them that I'm not exactly sure where the car is but I know it's somewhere within a few block radius. I didn't know the name of the street that I left it on, then or now, and told them I wasn't sure how to get back home from there when I started walking. As we're walking to get to my car there is a lot of roadwork or some such going on. We have to walk across some wood plank bridges and things similar to that. When we're crossing one of them I realize that I knew that stream was there in our neighborhood. They were a couple of times when we had to stretch our legs to get from the bridge back onto the grass. I learn that these men work in the fishing industry. We walk by a place where a lot of their coworkers are working. They are told that they are really needed right now. They tell me it won't take long and I can't wait for them. There are maybe 20 men standing in this container that looks like an orange commercial dumpster. The top edge of the dumpster is just a bit taller than the tallest men in it. A bunch of seals are about to be released into this container and all of these men need to be standing in there when they do it for the safety of the seals, though it's not to catch them or help them in. They all stand with their backs to the side where the seals are to be released into the container. This is a very dangerous part of their job. Some men have lost their lives doing this. They all realize it is a risk of their job. I am very concerned for all of them. I hate to see people having to do things that they know could cost them their life. I'm especially concerned here, though, because this dad and grandpa are going in. I wonder if their family knows about this or should be told that they are getting ready to help with this. Now the container is almost twice as deep as it was. The dad seems to be near the surface and the grandpa near the bottom. The dad asks him to change places with him because, apparently, the bottom is much more dangerous. Grandpa is standing next to some kind of mechanism that needs to be operated as the seals are released. He tells the dad no, that he needs to operate this mechanism and implies that he has lived his life and would rather he be the one to die if anyone is going to. The seals are released and are falling into the container from what looks like a waterfall stream of water coming from the transport vehicle. I head back to their house to tell the woman what is going on. I'm not sure why, but now I know that her name is Connie B. Another woman is there talking with her. The three of us are talking. This other woman says a couple of things that I don't understand, using terms or phrases that I'm not familiar with, yet it still sounds very crude, or crass, and ill-mannered. After she leaves Connie B begins talking about her and how she talks. She repeats one thing that she says and looks at me in disbelief as she asks me if I can believe she even said that. I'm just sitting there silent because I don't know what it meant. Connie B asks me if I know what it is and I shake my head no. I'm thinking that I'm not sure I even want to know, but she tells me anyway. It has something to do with bowel movements. I agree that it was very crass and unpleasant talk. I want to get my own clothes on and go home. Dad and grandpa are back and tell me that Connie B had put my clothes in the bathroom. I went in and closed the door. I wanted to use the toilet before I got dressed but saw out of the corner of my eye that there was something in it. I reached to flush it. Just as I did I realized they had put my clothes somewhere so that they had been partially hanging in the toilet. That's what I had seen out of the corner of my eye. I quickly grabbed them so the toilet wouldn't have a chance of trying to suck them down and getting clogged up or creating a problem or anything. Now I'm frustrated because I wanted to get dressed but my clothes are wet. I decide that they aren't that wet and I really want to go home so I'm just going to put them on anyway, the way they are.