I was working for WDF and had gone to the cafeteria. Someone I knew was at one of the tables so I went over and sat down to talk with her. She seemed to be folding laundry, though that isn't exactly accurate. She needed to go take care of something so I told her I would finish what she was doing. So she brought a huge pile of socks with no matches and dumped them on the floor by and under the table. They wouldn't have fit on the table. The socks just needed to be each folded in half and stacked in neat piles. But there were also a couple of either blankets or sheets or tablecloths. I'm not sure which. It could have been all three. As I was working on folding these things a group of employees came in with their manager. They were going to have a meeting or class in the cafeteria. The manager looked at me but didn't say anything. I decided that I would just finish as quickly as I could and then leave. Now there are some of my personal laundry items in the pile, such as a slip, bra, and panties. I tried to quickly gather them up and fold them in a way that no one would notice what they were. I wasn't concerned about the fact that I had personal items there. I just didn't want anyone to see these personal items just as I wouldn't want someone in my home to see them. As I finished folding everything, the meeting was over and two of the women there came over to talk with me. We chatted for a bit. One of them was from my department. I asked her if she was going back up to the department. She said she wasn't but wanted to know why I had asked. I told her I had hoped she could help me carry these things up because I knew I couldn't carry it all myself in one trip. She seemed to not want to be bothered but said she would. There were four piles sitting on the table. She picked up one small of the smallest and headed out the cafeteria doors and up the steps. The hallway and steps reminds me of a high school. I took the other three piles and combined them, hoping I could get the rest myself. As I tried to pick them up I realized that I couldn't reach to the bottom of the pile so I would just have to make a second trip. When I got up to the department, I was talking with some of the other employees but I don't know about what. I feel out of place, as if I don't know where I belong or what I'm supposed to be doing. Frank, from the TV show Trading Spaces came in. He is the one that had needed all of those things folded. I told him they were done and I guess I was waiting for him to tell me what to do next. He suggested I go ask Edward, from the TV show, if he had something for me to do. They were both rushing around as though they were in a big hurry, though I knew this was just the way they usually were. I spoke with Edward for a bit.