It was the start of the last week that I would be receiving unemployment compensation, so it was the last week that I had to be available to help Bill C when he wanted. He had asked me to prepare a financial report/proposal on an idea he had. I had done the type of preparation that was typical for me, research, running numbers, etc. However, I didn't put together a full report. I went to the office to meet with him. We met in the CAS office building, but not in their office suite. Though I'm not sure where in the building we were. It was a large room with very high ceiling, well-lit, set up something like a training room. It might have been the training room that they let tenants use, except that it was located diagonally from the CAS office. The door was standing open and I could see the CAS suite from where I was sitting. Bill C came in and sat down next to me, to my right and asked me to show and tell him what I came up with. I pulled out my hand-written notes and pointed to various numbers as I told him what I found and what my recommendation was. Basically, I told him that I thought it was a good idea if implemented correctly and gave him a general explanation of what I meant by implemented correctly. As I talked he had the typical look of doubt and distrust on his face that I had become accustomed to. After I finished he stood up and began pacing a bit. Then he said he was really disappointed. I asked him to say more. He said something about the fact that it didn't seem as though I had put much time into this. I hadn't given him a typed, detailed report of what would need to be done, how, etc. I asked him why I would do that when in the past when I had done that he had just gotten angry with me for spending the time to be so thorough with a request such as this. And, that he always ended up just marking through it, as I said this I drew a large X across the entire page I had been discussing with him, and telling me that it wasn't what he wanted, or wasn't right, or wasn't good else negative. Like always, he was angry that I would say something like that and thought I was just making excuses for myself and not taking responsibility for not having done a good job. I'm sitting there thinking that he really must not see what he does otherwise he surely would see it as not taking responsibility for his own words and actions. I reminded him that this was the last week that I would be available to him and asked him if he anticipated needing anything else from me. He made some sarcastic comment related to what he believe to be the quality of what I had just brought him, implying that he would not want to ask me for anything else or that it wouldn't do him again. As he was talking I was putting my things back into my briefcase and walking towards the door. Sometime during this Bryan N had come into the room. As I pushed one of the double glass doors open I said under my breath, Yes. And you're a jerk! He heard that I said something but didn't know what I said so he said in a loud voice, What? What did you just say? I just shook my head no and kept walking. I was walking fast. I just wanted to leave and not ever go back. I heard his footsteps behind me. He didn't catch up with me, which is odd because as tall as he is and as short as I am it would have been very easy for him to catch up to me. Maybe he just stopped and decided not to pursue me. I felt I was probably leaving for the last time. I hated, as much as ever, to be parting company with him with these kinds of feelings between us, when there had been plenty of times of good, warm, caring, respectful feelings between us over the last 3.5 years.