Social at St. Monica's. I was with a lot of my family at St. Monica's at some type of social events were inside a building or house. There were people from various races there. There was a little girl, African-American, about two or three years old. She was standing next to a mud puddle. In the center of this big mud puddle was a little toddler's chair. Her mother kept telling her to stay away, afraid that she was going to fall into the puddle and get covered with mud, but she wanted that chair. She kept trying to reach over the mud puddle to get it. The chair was covered in mud, halfway up. I finally spoke up and said that I had a garden hose in my trunk, and I would go get it. We could wash the chair off so that the little girl could have it. They all thought this was very kind of me to do this, making it sound like it was a lot of trouble but it wasn't. Or at least I didn't want them to know that it was any trouble. I went out to my car and opened my trunk. It was full of garden stuff. There were several different hoses, and I don't know what all was in there. It wasn't a trunk like you would see in waking life. It was as if it had three different levels. Kind of shelving, if you will, and it also had places on the side where you could hang things. I had one garden hose lying in the bottom of the trunk. I picked that one up. Someone was with me. I said that was not the one to use because I thought it had a leak in it. I thought for a minute about using it anyway but then I saw another one hanging to the side. I decided I would try to get to it so we could use it instead. I was having trouble reaching it. I had to climb partially into the trunk to get it out. As I was pulling it out, I realized that it didn't have a nozzle on either end of it. I decided I could just hold my figure partially across the end of it to get the force that I was looking for to clean the chair. We went back to the building and went inside. We were going to hook up the hose and clean the chair. I suggested that it would be better if we took the chair outside but we could keep the hose hooked up inside. We started dragging it outside. At this point the hose doesn't look like a typical garden hose. It's probably closer to two to 3 inches in diameter, and it looks more like a dryer hose. It has that kind of expandable feature to it. Someone had drug if through the mud puddle and so there were spots of it that had mud all over it. I told the others to be careful because I didn't want to get mud all over the floor. I was now back at my trunk looking for something else, but I don't know what. I climbed into the trunk and am lying on my back. I'm trying to reach something from the back that is on the third level or this third shelf or whatever it is. There isn't much space between itself and the top of the trunk, and there's only room for me to barely see on that shelf and reach my arm up and around to get whatever's on it. It seems like I'm trying to get yet another hose. Now there are quite a few of us who are helping with some kind of project that seems to be outside. We are talking about the parish and someone questions why I'm not a member of this parish. I think I give them a very vague answer because I don't want to tell them the truth. I just want to be nice. I didn't want to tell them that I was offended by my new member registration meeting there. There were a bunch of flowers in pots that they wanted people to take home with them. Someone suggested I take one of them home with me. I'm not sure why but I hesitated to do so, but I finally and reluctantly agreed.