I received a call from Freda L asking me if I wanted to go to Florida and join her and Susan J and Dorothea D there. She said something about Thursday, I asked which Thursday. She said, this Thursday. I said, Thursday of this week? Because it was already Monday or Tuesday, and I couldn't believe she would be asking me to do this with such short notice. She confirmed that she meant this Thursday. She went on to explain that the three of them were on a train on their way to Florida, and they thought it might be fun if I could join them for a long weekend - Thursday through Sunday. I hesitated, debating in my mind whether I wanted to do this for several reasons. The first reason was that I wondered why they hadn't invited me to wherever they were coming from on the train. The second reason was that it was such short notice. The third reason was finances. I didn't know that I really wanted to tell them that I wasn't working right now or that I was having financial problems. After all, if I had been successful these past years finances shouldn't be a problem, right? I could tell she was a bit put off by my hesitancy. I'm on the train with them, Uncle J and Aunt A are there as well, which I found very odd. It seems that wherever they had been they had all been there together. They were all sharing a suite on this train. I was surprised by how spacious this area was. In one part of the suite there was a table with bench seating kind of like a booth you would see in a restaurant. Uncle J and Aunt A came in and sat down at that table. There were also a lot of small children running around. I don't know if they were Susan J and Dorothea D's children or grandchildren. I think they were grandchildren. As we were talking they told me that they were only paying nine dollars a night for this train suite. I thought that would've been affordable for me. As we continue to talk, they told me about a conference they had attended, and that this is where they were returning from. It still doesn't make sense to me that this particular group of people had attended a conference together. So my feelings are still hurt about this.