I was lying in bed with Darren. I was lying on my left side, his right arm under my head and my right hand resting on his chest. We were just lying there awake. I don't know if we were actually having a conversation or if we were both just lying there awake thinking about things. He suddenly got out of bed and started getting dressed. He said he was going to meet someone that he was going to propose to. I wasn't surprised by this at all, and I don't know that it really bothered me. I suppose we had already agreed to get a divorce, and he just wasn't going to wait until it was final before getting engaged again. He came back a little later with his parents. Kay H had brought containers of food with her. They were rectangular, clear, plastic storage containers with snap on lids. We're helping to carry them into the house. As we were doing so, we were talking about Darren being interested in three different women and trying to decide which of the three he should propose to. As is typical for Kay H, she was being very vocal in her opinion, and thought she knew exactly which one was the best choice. She was going on and on about this and other things, but I don't remember what she actually said. Something she said prompted me to say something to her. I looked at her and said, Kay H, why have you never liked me? Why have you always had such a problem with me? I was looking in some of the containers that we were carrying in to see what kind of food as in them. Mostly it was hors d'oeuvres and snack type items, but I was surprised at the things that she had combined into one container. For example, one container had something chocolate, maybe brownies. But then she also had deviled eggs sitting on top of them. I really wanted a brownie and since I like deviled eggs anyway, I went ahead and ate an egg first so I could get to one of the brownies. I bought a condo and was packing and getting ready to move. I opened a piece of furniture that was something like an armoire, but it only had one door on the front. Inside there were three shelves and they were spaced about 12 to 18 inches apart. I was taking out all of Darren's clothes. In the back, on one of the shelves, there was a styrofoam bust that had a button front dress shirt and necktie on it. The shirt was buttoned up, and the necktie was tied as if someone were wearing it. After I pulled it out, I noticed that there were several more. Darren was there now and he said if I didn't mind he would really like to keep those. I told him that was fine. I really didn't have any need for them. There were also a lot of straight pins in them, but I don't know why. The maintenance staff was preparing to host some type of Hawaiian theme party. One of the men had a truck, and he had a lot of party supplies and decorations in the truck. Of course, fitting the Hawaiian theme. I had the impression that he had found a number of these things in dumpsters. The truck started rolling down a hill and ran into something. It was rolling into what looks like a huge rubber tire. Maybe it was the rubber tire on a semi truck. Each time it rolled forward it would hit this tire. It would bounce back, and then roll forward again and bounce back. This just kept repeating. I told Bob F to run after it. He didn't really run. It was not even really a slow jog. I thought if he could get to the truck he could get in as it was hitting the tire. Then he could shut it off. But he didn't get over there and he didn't shut it off. A lot of my family members were at the condo helping me unpack. There was some kind of problem with the window treatments. I know Daddy, Bev, and Bob F were there. There were others there, but those three are the only ones that I can actually picture or remember specifically. There are also several tall stacks of clear plastic storage containers, and they have different things in them. I'm talking to someone about what is in them and what to do with them.