I dreamt I was in bed, here in M City. It is 2:00 am. I hear the football game playing on T.V. or radio. It's very loud. I'm amazed that a football game is on at that time. I'm also angry that my father is playing it so loud. Valerie, my sister-in-law, comes in to talk. We are looking at the same things on the bed, like Christmas gifts I made or something. We're talking. Then the football game is off but some T.V. program is on. I say, "Who's watching T.V.?" Valerie says, "Ellie." I say, "Oh ho. Send her in." Then I yell, "Hey Ellie, come here a minute!" She says, "No." I say, "Ya. I want to talk to you. Turn that thing off. It's too loud and it will wake grandma." She says, "No, it won't." My father is listening to the football game in their bedroom on the radio. Paulina wanders through. I'm talking about swimming. Oh, earlier I had dreamt that I was invited to go swimming at Peter M's house (he's a para, a student at the community college). He, his wife, and I were swimming in a small "hot tub" swimming pool in his backyard. There's some connection between his wife and Valerie, like they are the same woman. I think I was embarrassed because I could get up and walk and he couldn't, like he'd resent me or something. Anyway, I look at Ellie (I'm back in the bedroom in M City). One arm looks longer than the other, longer than mine, even. I say, "Come here. Let me feel your arm." She smiles, self-consciously and reluctantly comes over. I turn so I'm in front of her. I lay her left arm next to my left arm. It is quite longer than mine. I'm amazed. I call Valerie over to look. I then ask Ellie to reach both her arms out in front of her. She does so reluctantly. It's hard for her to move the right one. The left one is huge. The hand is huge. Then I push back the sleeve of her left arm and feel it. I am horrified to discover she has 2 elbows. There are some wrinkles, old age skin, and scars. Ginny and her son Ricardo come in with my mail from the P.O. box in M City. Someone says, "How nice. She picked up your mail." I say to her, "How can I have not noticed all these years that she has 2 elbows?" there is a sense of astonishment tinged with guilt and some distress because she's disabled now, but I'm not too worried about that. I am aware that she wanted to be unique in some way and has chosen this way. I look at the mail. There are 2 statements from the M City branch bank and a wooden board from the community college Performing arts with art work (3-d) on it, ceramic statues, carved wood, etc. I feel somewhat honored that I am considered part of the community college Performing Arts department. I guess I'm an honorary member. It's an election for officers. Directions are on the board. George and Greg are 2 names I could read. I have to lift up blocks of wood beside the name I am to vote for. I think, "George? He works for me. Oh, it must be a different George."