I started a new job for a relatively small company. They had maybe 12 employees. On the first day they were having a staff meeting in a room that looks kind of like a very small cafeteria or dining room. It had the typical six-foot long tables and folding chairs. The tables were displaced randomly in the room and very close together. They weren't in rows or anything like that. When people were sitting at the tables, some of them were sitting back to back. There was very little room to move between them. I noticed how dirty the tables and the floor were. It looked like people had been having meals there and never cleaning up. The owner came in and started the meeting. He had a number of handouts. I was feeling surprised by how unorganized they were. Each of the handouts had multiple pages, but some of them had not been stapled together yet. Nobody seemed to know what anybody else was doing. They were trying to pass around the handouts, but not in one direction around the table as you might expect. They were handing them off in all different directions, causing some people to not get them. I realized at one point that I was holding a stack of identical copies when I thought I just had one copy of each handout. I realized that there was another stack there that needed to be passed around, that no one had mentioned. There are a number of things that the owner said that started getting me very concerned about being there. I started to feel like I had made a bad decision to come to work here. He was talking about the company web site. I don't know if I had seen it or if I just made this judgment based on what he was saying, but it was a very simple and what I considered ineffective web site. I didn't believe it was going to be worth the money they put into it because they didn't put enough into it. I thought I might talk to him about using Jeff K, but then realized immediately that he was not going to have the money to invest in Jeff K's fees. I had a feeling he would be much like Bill C when it came to websites. I began to think it would be best for everyone if I just resigned right away.