There were two men who had been sharing an office. I don't know if they were business partners or if they were coworkers or if they were two professors who shared an office. At times, it felt like I was an officer of her what was going on at other times it felt like I was hoping with the move as a friend or acquaintance, and at other times it felt like I was the wife or partner of one of these two men. This must've been part of previous dream. During most of the dream, I don't remember any specific record mission of who these men were but towards the end of the dream. I realize that the one that I was helping was Barry C and I was very disappointed by and actually somewhat upset by this. As bad as it may sound, I didn't want to be helping him. And I certainly didn't want him to be in a position to be bothering me more. Towards the end of the dream it was two women, instead of two men, and there were no families involved. When it was two men, there was a wife involved of the man who was moving out, and there was at least one son of that same man who was involved. It wasn't an amicable separation between the two men. The man who is staying was not at all happy about this. I don't remember anything about his marital status or about whether he had a family are not. Because it wasn't an amicable separation there was a lot of disagreement and hard feelings about separating the material things. There was argument about which furniture belonged to whom or which furnishings belong to know. There were a lot of pictures and paper mementos and those types of things hanging on the walls. There was a lot of disagreement about who would get which of those items. The man who was moving out had an adult son who came to help him move. He was only moving to another part of the same building. Actually just one floor up. At times, this felt like a hospital and at other times it felt like a university. This next part is a little hard to describe because it's like I was observing it but I wasn't in the same room. Or that I knew the conversation was going on or overheard the conversation yet visibly was not in the position where I could see or over hear it. But there was a young couple married couple, I believe, who were being romantic, though not necessarily intimate. And they were discussing making love in a room in this facility that no one would dare to do such a thing and that it would be very disrespectful to do that in that room. But the very nature of it being forbidden is what made it more enticing to them. It almost feels like it was a chapel. It was located on the same floor as this one man's new office, maybe even next-door to it. When they heard that this man was moving into this new office, they were joking around about him going into the chapel to make love to someone. The wife of the man who was moving was there helping him to move. At this point I am also actually helping with the move. The pictures and paper mementos and articles and things hanging on the wall. There was a bunch of them. On two of the walls, they seemed to nearly cover the walls. They were all hung up with thumb tacks. I was just going along the wall pulling out tacks and taking some of them down. I was randomly choosing about half of what was there, unless I saw something with one of the men names on it. If the item had a name on it, I decided whether or not to pull it down based on whose name was on it. There were some items that I didn't think I should take down randomly, but I didn't know who they belong to. So I would ask one or the other. The man who is staying would rarely answer me or if he did it was a mumble or a grumpy answer. When we were moving some of the furniture items it was the same way, if we ask the question about a particular piece of furniture or about a table lamp. He responded pretty much the same way. One of the things that strikes me as interesting right now is that this was a very small, two room office. Yet by the time we had moved all of the things that were going to be moved to the new office the room was so full you could hardly move around. We had things stacked on top of things. There was no way all this stuff could have been in the shared office. To get to the new office we went out a door and up two flights of wooden steps. They were a dark finished wood. Yet there was also point in the dream where the adult son of this man came because there were no steps to get to this new office. It was as though it was a hill of sand. The son came to build steps. Although in the dream it showed up in the order that I recorded it - the steps were there first and then the son showed up to build the steps. A couple of times during this move, I had to use the bathroom. If we went out the door from the office we were moving out of, the men's room was right to our right around the corner. The women room, however, was down a floor and around a corner to the left. I approached the door slowly because I wasn't sure where it was and then because I didn't know if it was a single restroom or if it was a public restroom with multiple stalls. When I went inside I saw it was a very large public restroom with multiple stalls, but nothing like you would typically see. There were three walls around each stall that only came up waist high. And there was no door or enclosure on the front. So you could see exactly who is using each stall. Actually the half walls only came up, maybe 12 inches higher than the top of the toilet seat. There was a maintenance woman in there working. I think there were three or four stalls in this room. Two or three of them were being used. I was hesitant to use one because there was no privacy and because they all looked messy and nasty. Once there is no one else in there, I decided to go ahead and use one. So I walk by them all to see the one that was the least nasty of them. It seemed I went down here more than once, though. It seems like there was also something about the man who was moving out or myself or both of us having private living quarters in this building. But it was just a single room like a bedroom. I keep seeing the color pink, but I have no idea where it's from. And I see a lot of white. Most of it, however just appears to be a very old well cared for building with a lot of wood features, the stairs, the banister, wood trim.