I was a member of a family in some past century. Me being as bad with history as I am. I couldn't tell you when. It was a time of castles, when women only wore dresses and only rode horses sidesaddle. The details of this are very sketchy. I believe that I was just a teenager. Myself and a male friend of mine went someplace. Each of us riding our own horse. There is something to this about a romance or a possible romance or a suspected romance or a hoped-for romance between myself and this male friend. And that somehow involved my parents. Maybe they were just discussing it and the fact that they were okay with it. Or maybe they were the ones hoping for it. A third male friend entered the picture at some point in time. I had a very close relationship with my father. And a good relationship with my mother. A battle had broken out, and my father was actually involved in it. I was very concerned about his safety. We later receive news that he had been killed. I was incredibly distraught. Myself and my two male friends decided that we were going to go avenge my father. I entered a secret room of the castle, and as I slowly entered the room I saw that there was a large group of men gathered there. As I scanned the room my eyes met my father's is he quickly rushed to meet me. He told me that no one was to know he was alive. That they wanted the people who had tried to kill him to believe that he really was dead. He left this meeting in went into hiding in a very small room. The room was only big enough that perhaps six people could stand in it. It was rectangular in shape, and the two short sides of the rectangle or walls. The two long sides were double doors. Someone was chasing me. In one section of the castle there was a very long row of the small rooms with double doors on each side. The doors were on swinging hinges. I was just running through them one after the other after the other. And managing to just stay a few rooms ahead of whoever was chasing me. Meanwhile my two male friends took off on their horses with weapons to avenge my father. The people who had tried to kill my father had entered the castle. I don't know who they were after, because they still believe that my father was already dead. Whoever it was that they were after, they thought they had cornered in the small room where my father was hiding. So they just showered the double doors with gunshot. This obviously, did kill my father. I managed to escape whoever was chasing me and I found my mother. She is the one who told me that my father had actually just been killed. Now we were more distraught than ever because we thought that he had escaped and now had actually been killed. When my mother had first come to live in this place she had very few possessions. She was now having one of our servants gather up those meager possessions that she had come here with and was preparing for us to go back to where she had lived originally. I was an only child. A neighboring businessman didn't want us to leave. He came to the castle and was trying to convince my mother to stay. He wanted us to live with his family, and he wanted my mother to work for him. It seems that she had a talent for something like baking or sewing or something artistic. He knew that her using this talent would be very good for her and would be good for his business as well. She finally agreed so he was helping us to box up our possessions to move. He found something on a high shelf. I don't know if it was a piece of paper, or a piece of fabric. It had a picture of someone that reminds me of Aunt Jemima. And it had some words on it. It was apparently something of value. He said he couldn't believe that she still had one of those, or that one of those was still around. 