I am riding some type of public transportation downtown. A few blocks ahead of me I see something that reminds me of a vendor area that you would see at a carnival. It was a large square area, and each side of the square looked like the kind of display case that you would see in a bakery. Inside the square is where the people who were running it were working, and there were customers along each of the four sides on the outside. They were selling things that you would find at a carnival such as cotton candy. There is also a tent like awning over the top of it to protect it from the weather. As we were getting closer to it I heard someone say that they were also revitalizing the main square at broad ripple. Just as I heard them say that I looked to my right and I could see down that street at the end was the main square at BR. I left the public transportation at the car will stand downtown. I saw Mother there. She was upset with me because I haven't been going to see her often enough. Now were riding through the main square or at broad report. Now I'm telling someone else that they had revitalized this area, and that they had refurbished all of the storefronts. As I was talking, I kind of nodded my head out the window to my right, indicating to them to look out the window to see what I was talking about. They had used a common theme in refurbishing the storefronts. They almost had a storybook or fairy tale look to them. Since mother was upset with me I went to my birth home for a visit. I went into use the bathroom. There was a pair of knee-high stockings with the toe end just slightly in the water in the toilet bowl. The water was urine filled, as someone had neglected to flush the toilet when they used it last. I picked up the other end of the stockings and help them, so the toe and was still dangling in the water as I flushed the toilet, using the clean water to rinse out the end of the stockings. Now there is a big ball of various types of stockings in the toilet bowl. It's about the size of a basketball. I actually didn't realize that those were there until I tried to flush the toilet a second time and I either realized it was stopped upper morning to get stopped up an overflow. And once again the toilet bowl water is urine filled. I find a way to get and I reach it under this ball of stockings to lift it out and on to the countertop. Of course taking it from the toilet bowl to the countertop water dripped various places. As I lay them on the counter all of the water started to run out. There was a pile of towels, unfolded, lying nearby. So I grabbed those towels and placed them around the stockings to keep the water from running off the counter onto the floor.