I went to a house. I don't know whose it was. I noticed a child there playing with something very unusual. They are objects that look, as best I can describe, as bubbles from a bubble bath. However, they aren't all white. They are in various colors and some of them have numerous colors on each one. They were also animated. I was talking to a man who had something to do with these things. Maybe he was the creator. Although I have a sense that he may have been the caretaker. Or perhaps both. He was telling me about them. They started out as this thing that is slightly smaller than a matchstick, but made of clay. When certain things happen, it causes them to begin to grow or to turn into these bubble like things. They start expanding and they come to life. As they do they become various shapes and sizes and colors. As he was explaining this to me there was one laying on the floor by my feet. I don't know what it was, maybe music started playing. Whichever it was, this thing started to expand and grow and come to life, and it took on the shape of a snake. About 6 feet long, about 6 inches in diameter, and grass green in color. And as he grew it began coiling around things. It didn't happen very quickly, though. It would grow a few inches and then stopped. And then a few more inches and stopped. And then it finally grew to the six-foot length. I had three of these things laying in the palm of my hand, because something was wrong with them. One of them actually looks like a match stick in that it had a little lack on ball kind of on the end of it. I also had a small bag made out of some kind of fabric. I had stuck each one to the upper inside edge of this bag for safekeeping. I didn't need to use anything to make them stick. They just automatically stuck as if they were made of Velcro. I noticed another one of the things lying in the bottom of this bag, so I reached in to get it. As I did that however, I knocked one of the others off that I had stuck to the inside. After attempting several times to reach the one playing in the bottom without knocking the ones off on the side, I finally just took them all off and laid them in the palm of my hand. I was going to take them someplace to either have something done with them or where they would be safe or where they could all be brought to life. After the ones that were in the palm of my hand came to life. I started going to other rooms of the House. They seem to be all over the house. As I said earlier they were various shapes and sizes and colors. For example one was mostly white and looked like a teddy bear. Some of them were multicolored, and reminded me of Christmas nutcrackers. Some of them were bigger than I am. Some of them had no recognizable form. I'm not sure when this occurred, but somewhere in here there was an outdoor display. It looked like a huge white poster board. It had pictures of several of these things. The ones that were pictured had faces and names. People were coming up in looking at the display to determine which ones they wanted to purchase. Some people apparently collected these and already had some of them. So they wanted to see which ones they didn't have yet so they could purchase those. When people bought them, they bought them, though in their little matchstick form. The house was two-story. There were other people in the house. Several times while I was there I had to use the bathroom. I was getting aggravated, because I had to go so often. I know at least once there was someone standing outside the door waiting for me to finish so they could use it. One time it was a mother and her little girl. I heard the mother tell the little girl that she just had to wait her turn because someone else was in there. As soon as they heard me flush the toilet the little girl came in. It was more like a private bathroom that you would find a house than a public one. As the little girl came in, I reached for some toilet paper and wanted it up to wipe off the seat just to make sure that it was clean and dry for the little girl. When I left the bathroom I heard music playing. There was an LP album playing on an old stereo. Because this music was playing it was bringing all of these things in this house to life. Actually, I may have been the one to turn the music on because I knew it would bring these things to life. I started gathering them all up and placing them in kind of a parade formation. So they would be moving together and in the same direction. I ran ahead of them downstairs to this man and told him to come over to the bottom of the stairs and look up. As he did so, he saw all these things parading down the steps. The steps were covered with these things from side to side and top to bottom, and at the top of the stairs, they kind of fanned out in width. I was getting ready to leave so I picked it up to jackets that I had with me and threw them over my arm and got ready to leave. But before he did I thought of something else that I needed or wanted, and so I went back inside. It was late evening and the man wanted to go to sleep. He was upset because all of these things were still moving around being active. I went and looked at the record player and saw that it was playing the last song. So I went into the man's bedside and told him that so he would know that the things would be quieting down soon. I was getting ready to leave again but decided that I wanted to use the bathroom, one more time, which was upstairs. When I got to the bottom of the stairs there was a rod-pocket curtain hanging from the ceiling. It was the width of the stairwell and a dark green color. There was another coat lying there, which I picked up and threw over my arm and decided to take upstairs with me. I very gently pull the curtain back because I didn't want to disturb any of these things. But as careful as I was I still woke up the teddy bear, which had been sitting right at the bottom of the steps on the other side of this curtain. The stairwell was pitch black dark. Since I'm afraid of the dark, I was very hesitant to climb the steps. But I really wanted to use the bathroom before I left. The teddy bear starter walking up the steps in front of me, which made it easier for me and made it feel safer. After I finished using the bathroom I went back into the man to let him know that I'm leaving and told him that the teddy bear was still wandering about. He and I both knew though that as soon as I left the teddy bear would go back to sleep or whatever.