I was working at a hospital. The only other person that I knew was Doctor C. I have the image of the area of the hospital where he was working. It was a reception area or check-in area. To the left of that there was an area where a doctor was working at a desk or counter, on a computer I think. There is something about someone thinking that Doctor C had been killed, but he hadn't. Someone decided that it would be safer for him to just let everyone believe that he had been killed. He could get a new identity to continue his life without being found. I had stayed in a hotel room for one or two nights. When I was getting ready to leave, I was putting a bunch of trash in a small, brown paper bag. I have five or six different beverage containers, small plastic and glass bottles, that I put in there. I was surprised that I had so many. There was some kind of problem related to the hotel or it's just part of the dream that I can't remember now. There was also a problem at the hospital, besides whatever happened to make people think that Doctor C had been killed. The other doctor that was working in that one area had actually either been killed or died. His wife came to the hospital. Someone had picked up the phone and was going to call someone to take over his work. His wife put her hand on theirs and put the phone down. She said she was going to take care of it or do it. There is someone hiding under a counter behind the public area, but I don't know who it is or why they're hiding. I'm with Doctor C, and we were talking about everything that has been happening. Since even his wife thinks he is dead, he convinces me that it's OK for us to be together in a relationship. We're walking someplace and holding hands. He wants to go back into the hospital to check on one of his patients. I'm very concerned about this because I know if he is seen it is going to cause a big problem for him. We go into the hospital, and there is a bank of elevators. They are lined up along a curved wall. This hallway seems to have a low ceiling and is fairly dark. Doctor C reaches and pushes the button for one of the elevators. As the doors open we see someone on it and so we quickly duck away so they don't see him. This happens at least one more time before we actually get on an elevator and go up to see his patient. After he finishes we go back to the bank of elevators and the same thing happens again. When we get back downstairs and get off the elevator we see that they have blocked off several of the hallways with either policeman or security guards. They know that Doctor C is still alive and are trying to catch him. As we figure out a way to get past them and get outside the hospital they spot us. But we figure out some way to convince them that it isn't really him. Now we're in another part of the hospital. There are a lot of nurses and hospital workers around. We aren't really concerned about it because we know they are too busy and not really even paying attention. Even if they were we know that most of them wouldn't even know who he was. We approach another area of the hospital where all of the workers have been notified to watch for him. They all know him and are being very alert and watchful. Someone suggested that we just needed a good way to distract them so he can get past them and outside. Somehow we got a bunch of pens. They were very simple stick pens in various bright colors. So I walked ahead of Doctor C and was handing out handfuls of these pens to these workers. I walked by an island counter and dropped a bunch of them on the counter and kept walking. The staff ran over to the counter. They got so excited about them that it successfully distracted them so that Doctor C could get by each group as I gave out the pens. Now he and I are walking outside, again holding hands. His two sons are with us now, but they are adults. They are walking behind us. We're talking and joking around with them. There was something about whether or not they felt OK about their dad and I having a relationship. They seem to be okay with it though. They knew that they could not let their mom know that Doctor C was still alive. I don't know how they knew this though.