I went to a SXDS meeting at a huge hotel. Ona S, Wes S, Jo U. The purpose of the meeting was to introduce a new product. The producers of the new item were in attendance. It was being held in a very, very large room - almost like a ballroom. It was rather dark and there were a lot of curtains along the back wall. The rectangular tables were set up classroom style. There was significantly more room between each table than you would normally expect. The producers were in the back of the room. They were there primarily to see how well we would do introducing the product. I wanted to give each manager an order form and have them fill it out and leave it as they left the meeting to assure that we would get lots of orders. I didn't think they would have a problem with this as they were accustomed to doing this when ordering other things for the store. We had some kind of video presentation of the product. It was very theatrical. The projector was behind the curtains at the back of the room. I kept going back and forth between where the managers were and where the projector and operator were. It seems that there was a glitch that I was trying to work out. I needed to get it taken care of quickly so the producers wouldn't even realize that there was a glitch. When we got ready to leave, for some reason Jo V thought I shouldn't be walking out alone so she was going to walk out with me. She suggested that I use the restroom before we leave. I told her no but she insisted. I decided it was just as well as it had been awhile since I had been able to and I knew it was about time for my period to begin so it would better to go now than to try to wait until I got home. There was some deal about the restrooms, what was inside them or finding them. When we were finally ready to leave, the hotel was so expansive that we kept getting lost and couldn't find the way out. We would enter a hallway and Jo V thought we should be going one way and I thought we should be going another. Then we saw some celebrity sitting alone in a chair in the middle of a hallway so we stopped and asked him how to get out. He told us but I don't think we believed him. One turn we took just led us back into the meeting room where we were initially. 