I had an informational interview at PUI with a man named Doctor Casco or Mr. Casco. When I got to the building, I found a parking spot very close to the entrance. It was metered visitor parking. I was wearing my black suit with the knee length jacket. I grabbed some change and put it in my pocket, because I saw the time had expired on the meter. So I would definitely need to put money in. I realized that I had forgotten to bring my coat so I didn't have my portfolio, umbrella, or calendar. I thought I had 80, very small note pad and pen in my handbag. So I thought maybe I would just a home. I was debating whether to take my handbag in with me or to just put the little note pad and pen in my coat pocket. I got out and went around to the passenger side of the car. It was raining and I was going to put my raincoat on. As I was putting my coat on, I saw a penny lying on the ground. I picked it up and put it in my pocket, and I saw another one and another and another and another. They were scattered around, primarily around this one parking space. I think there probably ended up being about 12 of them. I was standing in the parking space watching myself park the car in a space in front of me. I was pulling up and backing up to try to get centered into the space. I saw a penny and then saw myself move the car right on top of it. I was aggravated because I thought I wasn't going to be able to get it now. Then the me driving the car moved the car again so the me that was watching ran up and grabbed it. After I finished picking up all of the pennies I found, I reached into my suit coat pocket to collect change for the parking meter. I was having trouble though, because the pockets were really low on the jacket and I was trying to reach into the bottom of the pocket. My arms were too short. I put one coin in the meter and I was surprised by how little time it gave me. So I put another one in and saw it still had not given me very much time so I put the next one in. There was a little slot at the bottom of the meter like a change slot and money came back out, which is very odd. I pulled out the coins that came back out and put them back in again. I ended up putting in several coins before I thought I had enough time on the meter. I put in enough to give myself 40 minutes. I thought that should be plenty of time, since it was only supposed to be a 15-minute informational interview. I was running very close on time right now, because I had taken the time to pick up all those pennies. I got inside the building and it was packed with people. You could hardly walk. Because I didn't bring my calendar with me I couldn't look for the name or room number of the person I was to meet with and couldn't remember it. I heard someone standing outside the elevator asks someone else inside the elevator for directions to a specific office. As soon as I heard the answer I remembered that was the name of the office I was looking for. I rushed over to the elevator and put my hand in between the doors to keep it open long enough for me to go in. Oddly, the person inside the elevator who had answered the question was actually sitting behind a desk in the elevator. I think the office was on the fourth floor. I walked into the office. There was a heavyset woman, maybe my age, sitting at a very large round table kind of like a conference table. She was busy, but she was having a conversation with someone who was inside one of the offices to my right and slightly in front of me. There was an office with the door open and there was a man sitting in there with his back to me working at a computer. It wasn't actually his office. He had gone in there to work on something. I don't know how I know that, though. I told the woman at the table that I have a four o'clock appointment with Mr. Casco. I realized at that point I was close to 10 minutes late. I didn't apologize for that as I normally would, but she could tell by the look on my face that I felt very bad for being late. I think she told me that he was on the phone. Another woman walked out of her office. She was a very tall, heavyset, white woman was somewhat long dark hair. Her hair was not quite to her shoulders, full and kind of wavy. I would guess her to be about my age or older. She was talking to the woman at the table, saying something about the advantage of being married. She was also saying something about her husband having special advantages because he's black and two other things, but I don't remember now what those were. One of them told me that Doctor Casco was on the phone. Now I'm not sure if it was Mr. or Dr. I'm sitting in that same area talking on a phone to Doctor Casco. Instead of bringing me into his office, he decided to talk to me by phone. One of the first things he said was, "well one of the first things I have to ask you is why there are no findings on here." He was referring to my CV and the fact that there were no results or findings from any of my research work. I said, "Yes that's true. Unfortunately, there weren't any. The research institute was only open for about 18 months. There were three doctors, partners, who had decided to fund and open the research institute. My experience was that they seldom agreed on the topics of research. One seemed mostly interested in making money regardless of the topic. Another seemed more interested in getting published than the topic, and the third seemed indifferent to the whole thing. There was a medical equipment research representative who was there to talk to us about a study that they were going to be doing and to interview us as a possible center to participate in their study. The doctor primarily interested in getting published told this person that was his primary interest. When asked what our goal was the first thing this doctor said was, "well of course to get published." I couldn't believe he responded that way. Why would they want to consider us if that is our primary concern? I think most people doing research would like to get published, but is that really a primary goal for many researchers. I certainly hope not. What does that say about your character? I would like to believe that most researchers are doing it because they hope to really accomplish something with the research and they enjoy the actual research. I didn't tell him all of that. However, I did say that after about a year they weren't happy with how it was going financially so they decided to close the institute. He said that was a shame. I agreed with him. He asked why they would do that. I said their inability to agree on what kind of research to pursue made it very difficult to pursue grants or participation in other studies - or to follow through when we did begin such a pursuit. He said that was unfortunate, but then he said he guessed he could see how that might happen. It seems that he might have put me on hold again, because I was sitting there realizing that I have another appointment and if I didn't leave very soon I was going to be late for that appointment. I was trying to decide what would be worse, to end this conversation now and get to that appointment on time, or to continue with this conversation and be late for that appointment. For some reason I didn't think I would be able to call the other people to let them know that I was going to be running late. It seemed that it would be rude for me to tell this one that I had to leave to get to another appointment on time when I was late for this one. However, I couldn't try to call the next appointment because I didn't have my appointment book with me and that's where the phone number was.