It seems that I was both at Castleview Mall, and that I was going to Castleview Mall. So I'm not sure which it really was the traffic was bumper-to-bumper were driving in a very dangerous manner, and I may have been guilty of this myself as I may have made some kind of the name change or something that was dangerous. Maybe I changed lanes without using my turn signal or without there being in a room or both. It was dangerous for both me and for others, even though I ended up in the lane that I wanted or needed to be in. At one of the intersections there was someone directing traffic. I was preparing to turn right. I wasn't sure if I needed to wait for him to direct me to turn right or if I could go ahead. There were two right turn lanes. I was in the right hand of those two lanes there was a car in the lane to my two that went ahead without waiting for the traffic director to give us the go-ahead. At the same time that I decided to go ahead, the traffic Director waived us on. I had an appointment with Terry D. When I arrived, I saw that Jennifer C was working for him. I was very bothered by this. Certainly, even though he knew how I felt about anything related to CAS, he had no obligation not to hire her, simply because of me or my feelings. His office looked very different in the dream than it does in waking life. I was sitting in the reception area. On and off Jennifer C and I were talking casually. While I was waiting, Terry was cleaning a bathroom in his office. I watched him walk back and forth past the open door with different things for cleaning. Initially I was surprised to see this but then I remember him saying something to me once about cleaning his home in his tendency to be very meticulous. He said that at times he has to tell himself just get it done, rather than being so meticulous. There was something about orange slices related to him cleaning the bathroom. At first I thought that was very odd, but then I realized how many "orange" or citrus cleaning or household products there are on the market today. I had met a man on a blind date, and I was debating whether or not I should see him again. He happened to be coming by Terry's office to meet him. Three was going to help us decide if we should go out again to try to get to know each other. He was going to help us determine if there was much chance of us really having a successful relationship that would make another date worthwhile. I didn't tell Terry anything in advance about this man. I didn't give him any physical description. This man was a very large man. I'm guessing he was close to 7 feet tall. I would estimate him to be at least eight to 12 inches taller than Terry. He had an athletic build or medium build, not necessarily athletic. He didn't look overweight, but he was also not a small frame or thin man. Terry seemed a bit surprised when this man arrived to meet with him. He was surprised by his height. It seems that there was something else distinguishing about this man that I wondered how Terry would react to and that I was questioning myself. It might be that he was a black man. It almost seems that on my first date, he was a black man, but then when he came to meet Terry he wasn't. Maybe it was some other nationality, like Spanish or Indian. The three of us sat down to talk. Terry was doing something as we talked while I was just sitting there. This man seemed to be, maybe he was sitting alone on the sofa, because he seemed to be resting on his left elbow, in a semi reclining position. He and Terry were doing most of the talking. The first thing Terry said alluded to my anger issues. There was something related to anger. The man said, so basically what you're telling me is that she is a bomb ready to go off. I really bristled at this. I didn't like it at all. Terry said yes, that's basically what I'm saying. He started to explain. His explanation was that I really wasn't that severe. I finally spoke up and said, while looking at this man, the fact is that. I don't like people to be mad at me or not like me. So, if I do get angry with someone I can not express it for fear that they will get angry with me or not like me. Even in a healthy way. Terry said yes, exactly. Implication here is that if I don't express my feelings at the appropriate time and in a healthy manner, it could build up and that could lead to an explosion. I was in a store like Wal-Mart or target. I am walking around the household product Department. There is a couple there with their child. One of the shelves on each side of each aisle was very tall. The space between the shelves was approximately 3 feet or more. The store stocked boxes of laundry detergent that were that big on those shelves. This couple had a favorite brand that they were looking for. The store was out of stock. They were discussing this, and finally decided to get a smaller container of another brand. Although they were very reluctant to do this, because they didn't believe that it could possibly be as good as their favorite brand. I was looking for my brand but I don't know that I found it. I was also looking for another department in the store. I don't know now what that was. It's kind of like I was thinking about how something is typically done related to one particular aisle in stores in general. When I say particular aisle I mean the type of product that is typically stocked there. There was either a repetitive element or a testing element to this.