I was with Macy F, Kim H, a mutual acquaintance of Macy F and one other woman. We were in the city where I live. We were at some public place. I baked and sold special occasion cakes. Another woman came up to me because she realized who I was and wanted to order a cake from me. She said she was having a birthday party for her adult son. The party was only a few days away but I said okay because I thought it was still plenty of time. She wanted a sheet cake and had a very specific design in mind for the top of it. She said she would get it to me in plenty of time. A couple of days later I am again with Macy F and the two other women, but Kim H isn't with us this time. We are at some business in the city where I live. I see the woman who ordered the cake and she runs up to me, saying she was so glad she had run into me and that she had planned to come and see me to give me the design for the cake. I suddenly realized that I had forgotten all about needing to do this cake. She needed it delivered by 11:00 am the next day. It is already evening on the day before. Inside, I'm beginning to panic and wonder how I'm going to be able to get this done. Outside, I'm sure I did a good job of hiding my inner panic and the fact that I had forgotten about it. I don't her to become concerned as to whether I will be able to deliver it on time. Instead of just doing a sketch of her design, she created a model of it. On part of it she had used candy cake decorations. She had quite a few things on it. It was very colorful. She had three things that looked like children's party hats. Each of them had something attached to it that was free flowing. Maybe a flag? I sat it down on the register counter at the store, intending to pick it up on my way out. The cashier said it was fine for me to leave it there and they would keep an eye on it for me. I thought I might be able to buy the cake mixes and icing and such here at this store but they didn't have it. Something happened in the store and people are panicking and frantic and trying to get out of the store. I grab Macy F and the other two women and say, let's get out of here. Fast! We successfully get out without getting hurt or caught. As we started to get in the car I realized that I left the cake top model in the store. I was so mad at myself and I said I just couldn't leave it. I have to get it because I have to get this cake made and delivered. I went back into the store. Whatever was going on is over now. The employees are all very upset. They don't want to let me back in because they are trying to lock up and close the store. I tried to tell them about the cake model that I left on the counter and had to get tonight. I said it is imperative that I get it - now. They finally let me in. We're looking for it and someone said it must have gotten thrown in the trash and then walk away. I'm leaning over the counter on my stomach trying to find a trash can. I finally see one but I see that it has just been emptied as all it has in it is a clean, empty trash bag. I see another one that is further away. I'm practically falling on my head over the counter trying to find these trash cans and see into them. As I start to raise myself up I see two employees on their way outside with two huge trash bags. I stop them and tell them what happened and what I'm looking for. I had to practically beg them to let me look in them. I found it in one of the bags. It was pretty torn up and lots of pieces were missing. I realized that I was going to have to do some of it from memory and just do the best I could. I asked one of the employees about a cake decorating store that I thought was close to their store. I hoped they would know what I was talking about and be able to tell me exactly where it was. She didn't seem to know. I thought it was to the right but set back a bit from their store. I decided I would just have to go drive around and find it on my own. As I got ready to leave the store a young male employee said something to me. He said it isn't really a separate store that I'm looking for. He said that I'm looking for items that they have in their store. He is describing what they have. As he's talking I'm thinking that I did look at what they had but they didn't have what I wanted or needed. I just thanked him and left. Macy F and the other two women went with me to another store. We divided up my shopping list and we each headed to a different part of the store to get what I needed. We meet back at the cash register. As I'm paying for the things I ask them if they wouldn't like to come back to my house and help me. They had both traveled separately to the city where I live so were also traveling separately to go home. They had both made plans to go home tonight. Macy F was going to drive back. I kept trying to convince them, practically begging them. I was telling them how much fun we would have and said there was a grocery store very close to my house where we could stop and get a bottle of wine. They finally agreed to come and help me. We are back at the original store. They are getting all of the stuff together for me to make this cake. They have a very large full sheet cake, rather than the typical 1/4 sheet cake. Though, it seems even larger than that. It is a chocolate cake with chocolate icing. It's a lot higher than most sheet cakes. The icing appears to be very thick and has many decorative peaks in the icing. They just keep bringing out shallow boxes and bags with things in them - all related to this cake I am supposed to make for the next day. The other women and some of the employees are helping me carry all of this stuff to my car. I'm worried about where we are going to put all of it. There are two or three boxes that can't have anything on top of them so I'm concerned about those becoming damaged and getting them home without them getting damaged. There is also a very small cake. It is maybe 6 inches long, 3 inches high, and 3 inches wide. This is supposedly the cake that she really wanted. It has an icing picture of a football field on the top of it. On the way home it breaks in half, so the six inches is now 3 inches each. I'm wondering if the customer is going to be okay with the very large sheet cake and if she's going to be upset because the little one broke in half. I'm also wondering how I'm going to make it work with the chocolate icing on it because she definitely wanted white icing with all of these colorful decorations, and the gridiron. One of the things I was going to the cake-decorating store for was cake decorations. The gridiron on the top of the small cake covered nearly the entire top of the cake. I didn't even remember seeing it on her model. I did remember her talking about what a football fanatic her son is and that there were two teams in particular that he is a fan of. When I was shopping for decorations I was looking for things relative to football, especially these two specific teams. I don't know if I was actually successful finding something I liked. I remember finding something relative to football but I don't remember if I actually bought it or not. On the small cake the gridiron was brown. I had been intending to do it in green because that is the color of an actual gridiron.