I'm standing with a man, and I have a small something in my hand. It is about two or 3 inches long and tubular in shape. There appear to be three sections to it. The sections on each end are the smallest in diameter, and look identical except that one is slightly shorter than the other. The third section, in between these two, is larger in diameter and looks very different. The two smaller ones are maybe an eighth to a quarter inch in diameter, and the larger piece is maybe double that. Part of one end of it is hollow on the inside. We're standing next to something, but I don't know if it's an object or a wall. There is something protruding from this object. The thing that is protruding is also tubular in shape and seems to be almost identical in size as the two smaller ends of the piece that I have in my hand. I am some somehow supposed to fit the piece that I have in my hand onto this protruding piece. The man is telling me that if I line it up just right and get it started that I can tap on the other end, to get it on the rest of the way. I was trying to steady my hand enough to line it up. He reached up and helped me get it lined up. The third larger section now looks very different. This is hard to describe. The entire piece is made of steel. The best way I can describe the larger pieces that it has been slotted every few millimeters creating a tab-like affect all wear around in these tabs flare out a little bit. Though, you can put your fingers around them and push them all in at one time. But you have to hold them there. They won't stay on their own. The piece that I'm trying to fit this on to now is also a slightly different shape. There is a piece that has slots all around the diameter and the tabs of the piece in my hand should fit precisely into the slots. Again, the man made a suggestion on how I could do this in kind of showed me how to do it, telling me that if I did this he would go in fairly easily. To do that I have to hold the tabs in with my fingers and get them lined up just exactly right, because again, they appeared to be nearly identical in size so there isn't much wiggle room.