I was checking into a hotel, and I had with me, a small hand-held stereo about the size of Matthew's old boom box. Actually, I think it was Matthew's old boom box. I also had a stack of music CDs. In the lobby of the hotel they had set up a row of six-foot long rectangular meeting tables. There was someone working behind each table. These were somehow related to music. I had gone up to one of the tables thinking that was where I needed to check in. The woman behind the table just pointed me to the registration desk and told me that's where I needed to go. As I walked to the registration desk, I heard that woman say something to the person next to her about the music that I had with me. There was one CD in particular, that, she said, either she's had that music for. They had that music, were they should get that music. I went and checked in. The person at the registration desk pointed to their right and kind of ahead of them and said that was where I needed to go to get to my room. They said I just needed to go over there and follow it around. When I went over there it was a shopping mall. I kept walking, but I was thinking that it just didn't seem right that I had to walk through this would appear to be a very large shopping mall to get to my hotel room. It almost felt as though I had left the hotel, though I realize that the mall and the hotel were attached to each other. So I turned around and backtracked, and I'm when I got to the place where I had started. I saw that there was a narrow, not well lit hallway and was now to my left it would've been to my right before I saw a sign on the wall that had the room numbers with the arrows pointing in the Different directions of the rooms. Even the sign wasn't very noticeable. At least I now realize that this is where I needed to go to get to my room. I hadn't gone very far, and I saw two elevators. I knew I needed to take the elevator to get to my room. The elevators were very, very narrow one of them I would say, was less than or maybe just 12 to 18 inches wide. It seemed to be setting at an angle in the wall to the right of the doorway was kind of curved out this is the one that opened first. The opening was so narrow that even turning sideways I couldn't get in and couldn't even begin to get in. When the doors opened, there was a man standing in there looking at me as though he was waiting for me to get in. I walked up to the door and turned sideways, but didn't even try it because I knew as soon as I did that I wouldn't be able to get in there. I just looked at him and said no sorry, go ahead, I can't get in there or something to that effect. I was embarrassed that I couldn't fit in there, through the opening, but that he obviously had. The inside of the elevators were just deep enough for one person to stand with their back against the back wall. They were wide enough that you could possibly have two people standing in there. Now, both elevators seem to be the same size, though the opening still are not as wide as you would typically see on an elevator, and I would say they were still less than 3 feet wide. They were wide enough that I could get in this time. One of them opens and there is a man inside and he asked me if I want to join him. I hesitated because I didn't think there is room for both of us. He said, oh, and we can both fit in here. So I decided to try it but I turned around and stepped in backwards, so I would have my back against the back wall. Then I would be facing the same way he was. After I got in, he was standing to my right and slightly in front of me. At least his left shoulder was in front of my right shoulder. We were really squashed in there. We were also trying to get my luggage in there as well. Part of his back was definitely pressed up against me. We took a deep breath and inhaled to try to squeeze in even further as the elevator doors closed. The elevator started to go up to my floor. Because I'm claustrophobic, I was trying to think about other things, so I wouldn't feel panicked. I was concentrating, I suppose on trying to stay calm. Still, I was very anxious.