I was at a SAID conference. It was time for me to present. There were people waiting. I went in deciding that I could do this with no problem. I would just do it off-the-cuff but it would still be a quality presentation. I suddenly felt confident that I knew enough to pull it off. I gave the people in attendance a brief explanation of what I was going to be doing. I told them I was going to pose a series of questions and give them time between each question to write down their own responses. At the end, I was going to have each of them share their responses and then I would compare their responses to what I found with the study. I and quite a few other people were in a room that I can best describe as a multipurpose room. The people there that I know are the actor Treat Williams and a few of my high school girlfriends, such as Susan J, Freda L, and Dorothea D. There were a number of meeting tables set up and placed around the room kind of randomly, and there were chairs at the tables. I was feeling fairly anxious because I didn't think that I was well prepared for the presentation that I needed to give. There was something very unusual about the room where I was doing my presentation. There were three of these six-foot long tables set up in a row into and touching each other. At each end there was another table, sitting perpendicular to the row of tables. So a kind of U-shape. There were chairs set up just on the one side of the tables. The outside of the U. and then behind that there was like a wall of white flowy curtains that went from floor to ceiling. They weren't hanging still. It was as though there were air movement in the room that was causing them to kind of flutter. It was a very well lit room. Not a bright light, but a soft, very white light I also seemed to be going in and out of the room during the presentation. There was something about candles or candle flames. I and one other woman were both leaving the multipurpose room at the same time to go for a walk outside. She went out the door first, and I went out, right behind her and she headed off to the right and I headed off to the left. It was a wooded area. It was just coincidental that we were both heading outside to go for a walk at the same time. I had not gone very far and I noticed the music that was playing inside the room. I kept thinking that I wouldn't hear it much longer, as I got further away. It was so loud, and I kept walking, and I still kept hearing it and I finally decided to turn around and go back and turn it down. Because otherwise it was just going to be too annoying and I wouldn't be able to relax and enjoy my walk. I'm surprised that I had turned it up that loud to begin with. It seems that I also had to walk through a wooded area to a clearing, where there was a building that a home. That's where the room was where I was getting my presentation. There are a lot of people in the multipurpose room. By a lot I mean maybe 15 or 20. Several people had just come back from a presentation where they had received an award for some type of quantitative research. We were talking about it and we were all very happy for them. It seems to me that there was a group of us in this room. Maybe all of us in the room were part of a professional group or academic group or social group. We have some kind of connection like that. No. Our connection was research outside of the Association we were talking about the various awards that were presented for research there. I asked someone about awards for qualitative research someone laughed and said, "You mean like yours?" I said yes as an example but I don't mean specifically mine. They didn't believe me. I said, I'm just wondering if there is value for our group to pursue awards for different types of research other than just quantitative. They just keep teasing me, and trying to make it all about me wanting an award for my qualitative research. There is a tabletop Christmas tree set up. We all brought presidents and put them on the table under the tree. Susan J had brought in a large gift that I had brought. It was wrapped, but it wasn't in a box. You would almost suspect it to be something like a blanket. It was soft. The gift wrap was torn on one of the large sides. Someone had tried to tape the tear. It was kind of a long tear. Someone had used two or three pieces of tape. The tear was part of what looked to be a piece of a separate wrapping paper. I had folded the edge under and taped the piece on top of the rest of the wrapping paper. I only did it for decoration. Susan J had either written something on the package or said something to someone about me having a romantic interest in Treat. I was so embarrassed by this and thought it was so school girlish. Someone saw something in the wastebasket and they pulled it out and said what is this? Treat and one or two other women walked up to her and were looking at it. As they were talking, I realized what it was. Icon up in Iran over there and took it from her and said, "Oh that's just some old return address labels of mine." They gave me a very strange look, because they all said Elizabeth H. So I explained to them, or I just briefly said well, I changed my name. I really didn't want to go in to it with them why I changed my name, and why those labels even had a different first name. I didn't see any more, and I just put them back in the trashcan. They all still had very often looks on their faces. There was some place that a number of us needed to go, and we needed to go by car. We were trying to decide if we could all fit in one car. I mention that my girlfriends had a car, and if any of them were going that would solve the problem. We could just divide up between the two cars. I walked up to Susan J or one of the others and asked them if they were going so we can make plans accordingly. It seems as though this multipurpose room was all so, the area where we were doing dressed or ready for wherever else we were going. We were using this space to do individual preparation for presentations, but we were also using it for grooming. It seems to me that Treat knew that I had some level of personal interest in him. It didn't seem to bother him. However, he also didn't do or say anything to encourage it, reciprocate, or to indicate any mutual feelings. There was certainly nothing uncomfortable or awkward about it, or about the way he interacted with me, even though he knew that. It was more a feeling of warmth or fondness. Some of the other people there felt that it was inappropriate for me to have those feelings. Even though I wasn't acting on those feelings. I have no idea why it would be inappropriate, or why someone might think it was inappropriate. I was returning to the room from walking somewhere outside. When I got to the door I had my key in my hand, but he was standing there also getting ready to put his key in the door. We chatted casually and briefly about something related to the door being locked, or the keys.