My entire family was embarking on a trip together. My parents, my siblings, and all of their children were all going along. They seemed to be in clusters in various places around the airport as we were waiting for our flight. However, I was alone. Jason S was in a handicapped stall and the restroom and he had Kaitlyn S and another small child with him. I was listening and observing, yet I wasn't in the restroom. He was either explaining something to them or explaining to them that they had to wait until they were finished there. I don't recall now. I was visiting several of the shops in the airport looking for watch batteries. I was looking for two different sizes. I finally found them and bought them. I went up an escalator. I think that's where I needed to go to catch our flight. Just at the top of the escalator, there was a service desk. It was very awkward because it was just a few feet from where you step off of the escalator. This was especially bothersome to me since escalators make me nervous anyway. There was also a cash register at the service desk. I had gone to sit down and realize that one of the watch batteries. I had been sold was not the size that I was looking for. They had given me the wrong one. I took it to the service desk to see if I could return it there and get my money back. She said that I could. Oddly, however, I was concerned as to whether or not I have enough cash, and I looked in my wallet and saw that I had two dollars. I knew that would be enough. I then went to the restroom. I was in one of the stalls, and I was either sitting on a chair next to the toilet. Maybe I was sitting on the floor by the toilet. I had put my purse, on top of the toilet and had my arms crossed on top of it resting my head on my arms and napping. I don't remember what caused me to wake up. When I awoke, however, I was slightly groggy, but I got up, left the restroom, and went back to find my family. I passed one of the members of my family in one of the walkways, and they told me where different groups of the family were gathered. There is a group at the gate. There is a group in a restaurant. I decided to go to the gate. Bill F is standing there talking to daddy, who is sitting in one of the chairs. Bill F is standing next to a beverage cooler that is approximately 4 feet tall and may be 2 1/2 to 3 feet in diameter. It's the kind of cooler that you might see at an athletic event for the players except that I have never seen one this large. Those are also usually orange or yellow in color. This one is what I would describe as a frosty white color. I think the lid was red. See through it, just enough to realize that the beverage inside was red. Bill F was trying to explain to daddy that they were treating it as a carry on. They weren't going to check it. I was listening and not understanding what was going on. Daddy said something about it being sealed tightly enough with Bill F said it needed air. It was then that I discovered that Brian F was inside this container. I was furious. I couldn't believe they were trying to sneak him on the plane without having to pay for him. That he didn't seem all that bothered by it. I kept saying it is illegal. It's not right. I finally got so upset I just turned and walked away.