I was in the hospital as a patient but I don't know why. While I was there I started having pains in my upper left arm and something else. They decided they needed to keep me and run some tests. One of the doctors wanted to test me for sleep apnea and I told me no because I've already been tested for that and narcolepsy. Both were ruled out. When I first went to the hospital it wasn't for anything serious. I don't even know that they were going to keep me overnight. I didn't even let Matthew interrupt his work schedule to be there with me. Then they became concerned and were going to keep me for a couple of days. I became anxious and told them I wanted them to call Matthew. I wanted him there now. He was surprised to get the call saying that it had become much more serious than we had originally thought. He got there very quickly and stayed the entire time. They did end up keeping for a couple of days. When they got ready to release me I had to take a shower first because I had some substance, have no idea what, all over me. It was in my hair, all over my face, arms, and torso. I was wearing one of my SAID shirts and it was covered. They took me into a large shower room. It reminds of the showers in a high school, where it's one large open space but has a lot of showerheads on the wall. Only this one only had one showerhead. There was a very simple small square table standing along one wall. The top was about a 12-inch square. I had some of my things setting on top of it. As I removed my clothing I folded it and placed it on there as well. One of the nurses started the water. I was pulling off this nasty t-shirt. I realized that where the table was sitting my things would get wet. I moved the table so they wouldn't get wet. There was a nurse in there helping me. She was a very small woman. Much younger than I, shorter, and much thinner. She had very long, black, straight hair. She took all of her clothes off also because she didn't want them to get wet while she was helping me. This made me uncomfortable but I was trying to be okay with it because I knew she was just trying to help me. There was so much of this stuff caked in my hair and she was helping me with shampoo and trying to get it out.