Jody S, Kaitlyn S, BJ, and Kim H were at my house helping me with something. We were talking about my new car. They wanted to go out and look at it. As we walked out, I handed the keys to Jody S so she could sit in the driver's seat. As I did, I accidentally hit the remote trunk button. I also pushed the unlock button. Just as I did, I realized that Jody S knows how to use these remotes and I hoped I hadn't upset her by doing that. There was someone else with us also. That person got in the passenger side of the front seat and I got in the back seat behind her. BJ got in the other side of the backside but slid over to the middle to make room for Kim H. Kim H had gotten to the car before Jody S so she got in the driver's seat, leaving Jody S to get in the back behind her. Kaitlyn S was sitting in the middle of the front seat, and with no car seat. Jody S is now in the driver's seat, starts up the car, and begins to back out of the parking space. I was surprised because I didn't think we were going anywhere. She asks where we want to go. I'm concerned because Kaitlyn S isn't in her car seat so I say let's just drive around the neighborhood. She didn't do that though. After a little bit she says, "Okay. Let's pull it up." She pulls back the steering wheel like you would in an airplane and the car lifts off the ground. I said didn't know this car could do this and she said that most cars can, but people just don't know it. We stopped someplace. I'm standing outside the car. The right side, rear passenger door is open and I'm standing to the outside of it. A tall man walks up. He has blonde hair with medium build. He appears to be about my age or just a little older. He is attractive. My trunk is open as is one or two of the other car doors. He walks up to the other side of my car, opens the door, and puts something in it. It's as though he had just come from a store and he put his purchase in the back seat before getting in to drive away. He looks at me and smiles. I must have had a puzzled look on my face because I was wondering who he was and why he was putting something in my car. He chuckled and said something about me not remembering him. He was teasing me about it. I do recognize him but I was so caught off guard by seeing him there and then having him put something in my car that I don't say anything at all right away. He turns toward the rear of my car. As he begins to walk away, he says his name and where we met, still thinking that I didn't remember him, smiling the whole time. He walks across the back of the car and crosses a driveway, stepping onto a sidewalk. I ran after him and said, "Andre, Andre. I do remember you. I'm smiling as I say this." I handed him my house key. At first he looks surprised but then he gives me a big smile. As he wraps his fingers around the key, he has this very mischievous look on his face. He turns and walks away. I had given him my key as an indication that I would be interested in seeing him again. As I walked back to the car I was thinking how ridiculous it was for me to do that - to give him my house key. It occurs to me that he doesn't know my address and since he doesn't know my last name he has know way to find me. I relax, thinking that it will be okay that I did it. Still, I couldn't stop thinking about it and later realized that he did know my last name. He could easily look up my address and find me. We are at my birth home for a family event. Andre pulls up with one or more of my CRHP sisters. I am so surprised to see him, and especially to see him with them. I found out that one of my CRHP sisters invited him here. I'm furious. I wasn't expecting him and I feel like I look a mess. I hadn't spent any time on doing my hair that morning. I didn't have any make-up on and I had on old clothes. He sees me from a distance, as he is getting out of the car. Before he has a chance to get any closer I run into my bedroom and lock the door. I'm aggravated. I don't really want to do my hair and makeup. I'm changing clothes, trying to find something to wear that I like and feel good in. I bet I changed at least a dozen times. Each item I took off I would just toss onto the bed. There ended up being quite a pile of clothes there. Some things I just didn't like the way the looked. Other things were too tight and that made me frustrated and upset. I was thinking about the fact that I had been working so hard on weight loss over the last three weeks. I suddenly realized that I had been in there for quite some time. I can hear all of them in the kitchen having a meal. They are talking and laughing. Andre is just being the life of the party. He is the center of attention and talking to everyone. You would think he has known all of these people forever. I don't know what to make of all of this. Someone says something to him about not dating me. He says he doesn't have a choice. He has to. He explains what he means but I can't remember the words he used. What he was implying is that he was somewhat like an indentured servant to me now so he must be with me. He said it as though he was glad to have a reason to keep seeing me that they couldn't argue with. He ends up leaving before I go back out there. I go back to the kitchen. My CRHP sisters know how angry I am at this point. They're explaining to me that they did this because they really care about me. They know that I have a tendency to attract men who aren't healthy for me. They hoped if they brought him here everyone would get to know him for who he really is and he would start feeling uncomfortable and decide to stay away from me. They don't want to see me in another bad relationship. Andre has qualities similar to some of the other bad choices I have made in the past. They point out some of those common characteristics that make it quite evident that they are not a good choice for me. We are still standing in the kitchen but now it is just the women in my family who are there. They are continuing to talk about this but I'm not saying anything. Someone changes the topic. We're getting ready to have a meal. My sisters and mother have prepared some special dishes for a special occasion that we are celebrating today. One of them is some kind of egg casserole. It is made in a pie plate, but it's not a quiche. The top is high and very decorative. There is also something that is in a bowl. It is a baked dish made with sliced apples and strips of dough, kind of like a pie but it isn't. It looks very different than a pie would. Someone said we need to take all three of these out of the dishes they are in know and put them on serving platters to take them to the table. I pick up the apple dish. They told me if I run a spatula around the edges and under the bottom it should slide right out. As I begin to try to do that I see that it is very liquid and not holding it's shape at all. I'm showing them and telling them what's happening. They are discussing why it's like this and what to do about it. 