I had gone to a meeting at SMW, I believe it was. I think there was a board meeting going on, though I don't think I was actually on the board. I had been asked to serve on the board. They were meeting outside. The meeting area was on two different levels. One level was shaped like a rectangle and the higher level was shaped like a circle. Members of the board were sitting along the long end of the rectangle and along the corresponding sides of the circle. I was there doing something for the school. It involved. It involved something that was in this circular area where the board was meeting. I had to go up to that area several times, kind of going in and out as they were meeting. I don't know if the meeting was actually in session or not, or perhaps it was just a very casual meeting. Several times, as I went in and out of the area, various people said things to me. One time it was a woman. Another time it was a man who was not quite 6 feet tall, with a medium build. There was another man who spoke to me a couple of times, who reminds me very much of Dan M. They were both warm and friendly towards me, but the one who reminds me of Dan M was probably a little more so. The last time I went into this area, this man asked me something about where I was going or how I was getting there are all made some comment about that. As I was motioning, I said while to walk back to your then back out there and then down there. It seems to me that there was a main road entering the campus and than a, not really a side road, but a side path that led to this area where they were having the meeting. That's what I was referring to when I answered him. He suggested that I let him drive me rather than me walking the entire distance. I don't think I even hesitated before saying, OK. Earlier, the other man had said something the other woman about wanting to go out with me. Then they both chuckled. I don't remember now exactly what he said, but it gave me the impression that he really only wanted to go out to be intimate. Since he gave me that impression, I really had no desire to go out with him. So I didn't do or say anything to encourage him to ask me out. I don't know how I knew this but I knew that the other man was gay. Maybe that's why I didn't even hesitate to let him drive me. With him being gay, I didn't have to worry about him wanting to be intimate with me. After her that he and I became pretty close and did a lot of things together. One time, we were doing something. He was sitting at a table, and I was standing behind him. I leaned over and my arms around him, and kind of rested my head on his shoulder, as we were talking and laughing. I was thinking about how great it felt to be so comfortable with someone, and to get along so well. I was back at the school with all the same people. The other man said something to that other woman about me not going out with him. The woman said something to me, it almost sounded like she was scolding me, or accusing me of being rude for not going out with him. They both wanted to know why I wouldn't go out with him. I told them it was because of the comment he made that led me to believe that he wanted physical intimacy on a date. That may not have been the only reason why he wanted to go out. His comment did lead me to believe that he certainly did want that. Spending time with this other man was very safe.