A bunch of extended family members were helping Aunt J move. The only ones I can identify, however, are Bruce W and at least two of his children. I know there others. Some of my siblings were there and my parents. We were outside of the front of the building. I don't know if it was a home or a condo. It doesn't seem to be an apartment. She had a large area in front that I would describe as a courtyard. There was a fence around it with an entry gate. Three of the corners, the two nearest the building and the one to the front, right as you face the building had square, concrete areas. On the one to the right and closest to the house she had placed some outdoor items like furniture, a flower pot, and a trellis. The trellis was about two feet high and four feet long. It had a green, flowering vine growing on it, yet it wasn't growing out of the ground or a flower pot. Some of what was there was a plastic chair and table for a child and at least one plastic chair for an adult. I think the flower pot was filled with dirt but didn't have a flower or plant in it. Aunt J had placed the things there haphazardly. The way they were placed there no one could sit in the chairs. The trellis seemed to be falling over. So I started moving things around, placing the trellis and then placing the furniture so the chairs could be used. My doing this prompted Bruce W to bring out other chairs of this same type. As he was doing that I was placing them on these three different squares of concrete, in a way that they would look nice. Some of the things that he brought out were in two pieces and needed to be snapped together. When I looked at some of them I didn't know what they were until he put one together. There were piles of each piece. I think some of the others started helping. I just kept going from square to square, placing them to try to make it look nice. He brought out so many of them that I didn't know what to do with all of them. I didn't know what I was going to be able to do with all of them and still make it look nice. Aunt J was sitting out there, just watching them. She was always the type to not let anything bother her, so she didn't really care how it looked yet she appreciated what we were doing and that we were making it look a little nicer. Later, I decided that I needed to call and talk to Bruce W. I was hesitant because I had never called him before or even having a conversation with him as an adult. I was also concerned about his wife answering the phone because that would make me even more uncomfortable. I finally went ahead and called and his wife did answer. I asked him for him and he wasn't there. She asked if she could help me. I told her no and that I just felt that I really needed to talk to him. 