An event with an odd mix of people. Reid W was there and Todd A was there as well as others that would be associated with either of them. I was one of the hosts of this event. The event was over and there were quite a few of us helping to clean up. We had a lot of food there and there was a lot left. I asked someone what we should do with it. Reid W said that he was supposed to take the Prime Rib home and that we should just throw the rest away. There was alot of food left so I was really bothered by this. It wasn't just alot of variety left but many of the bowls and platters still had alot in or on them. I didn't want to just throw it away. I think I wanted to take it home but I was embarrassed to say I wanted to take it home. I don't think anyone would think anything of someone suggesting that the Prime Rib be taken home by someone. But I was concerned that someone would look down at me if I said I wanted to take any of the other stuff home. It was stuff like vegetable platters, cheese platters, potato salad, Jell-O salad. I was thinking that I would really appreciate having that food. Since I am unemployed and have no income I've been very stingy with my grocery budget and I'm getting very tired of eating the same old, inexpensive things like pasta, soup, and peanut butter. The tables had been set up in a U-shape. As we were talking Reid W was walking along the tables on the inside of the U. He was putting both of his hands into some of the food. There was a Jell-O salad with whipped cream on top and he actually put both of his hands down in it and moved them around it. As he did this he said, "See. There's no need to save this." I was thinking that it was perfectly fine to be saved until he put his hands in it like that. He did the same thing with some potato salad and some other things. Part of me still wanted to take them home even though he had done that. There was a vegetable platter that had alot of olives and pickles on it. I was thinking how much I would like to have the olives, though I knew they weren't good for me because they are so high in sodium, and I'd been doing so well watching what I eat and losing weight. Still, it had been so long since I had olives. I had been so careful with my food budget lately that I was trying to justify the olives to myself by saying that it was free food. It occurred to me that Todd A would be arriving soon and I was sure he would agree with me and that he wouldn't mind at all speaking up and telling them that we shouldn't throw the food away. I thought if I asked him to do this that maybe he and I could split it. Since he is a college freshman I was sure he would appreciate saving some grocery money as well. He showed up and overheard our conversation. He immediately agreed with me that we shouldn't just throw it all away. He said he would be happy to have some of it. I don't know that he realized yet that I wanted some of it. One thing that was there was a large platter of small sandwiches. The sandwiches were hotdogs and sausages wrapped in bread but cut in half. They were piled high on the platter. He picked one up and began eating it. I picked one up as well, but I tore alot of the excess bread around the crust off first to save myself some fat and calories. A few minutes later he and I both went back and got another. The first one I had was a hot dog and the second a sausage.