I had gone in to work for CAS. Instead of just letting me go completely, Bill C reduced my work hours drastically. He would just have me come in a few hours a week or on a project basis. I had gone in when he requested me to. I'm sitting at a very large table, kind of like a conference table. There is stuff piled everywhere. I'm sitting there sifting through things, wondering why I'm even there. Someone comes in and picks up some very large pieces of paper that look like bluelines. Just seeing those makes me feel upset. I start thinking about Bryan N and become intensely more angry. (I woke up feeling so angry and irritable). Bill C came in and sat down in a chair, kind of behind me and to my left, but facing me. He crossed his legs at the knees, and was sitting there with one hand on his knees and smiling at me. I turned halfway around to my left to face him. I asked him why he even has me keep coming back in. His expression didn't change at all. He just sat there smiling at me and didn't answer me. It suddenly occurred to me that I am no longer eligible for unemployment, so there was no reason for me to stay. I told him that I was not coming back anymore. I was dressed in all black. I have on a skirt with something down the front of it that resembled a ruffle. It had a slight slit in the front as well. As I was sitting facing Bill C, I had my legs crossed at the knees and my hand lying at the hem of my skirt right were the slit was. I was at home in bed, and it was dark. I was lying on my left side with my back to the door. I don't think I was fully asleep. I thought someone had come in the bedroom door, but I wasn't sure if I was dreaming or someone really had come in. So I just lay there very still and kept listening and waiting to see if I heard anything else or if anything else happened. It felt like someone was getting into bed behind me. I was very scared and didn't know if I should turn over on my back to see if someone was really there or not. I thought that if I had been dreaming when I turned over to my back, I would see that no one was there and then I would be able to relax. The first time or two that I tried, I couldn't move. The third time, just as I started to move I saw an arm come over me. It pulled back just as I began to move, so I quickly turned back to my left side. After I did this, the arm came back around me and took me into an embrace. I realized that it was Bill C. I seemed to be feeling a lot of different emotions at once. I was feeling anger, compassion, warmth, caring, understanding, and dislike all at once. I put my right hand on his arm as I turned slightly onto my back, just enough so I could turn my head and see him. He had propped himself on his side, resting on his left elbow. So as I turned I found myself facing him directly with our faces just inches apart. I think I was the first one to speak, but I don't know what I said. As I spoke, I moved my right hand and gently placed it on his left cheek. I raised my left hand and placed it lightly behind his head and rested partially on his hair and partially on his bare neck. I don't know who initiated it, but we kissed gently. He began to kiss me more, with more feeling, though I can't say that it was passionate. I realize that he had removed all of his clothes before he climbed into bed. Because I had gone to bed with nothing on, I was now feeling very vulnerable. Just then, I heard someone come in downstairs. There had been someone else down there, who was supposed to be there and who was still awake. It was Jane C who had just come in. She headed directly for the staircase leading to the bedroom. The other person tried to stop her, knowing that Bill C was up there with me. Jane C just dismissed this person and kept walking toward the staircase. The bedroom was an open loft, so Bill C and I could both see her. It was a very large area, and the staircase was along the right wall, and it was an arc shape. Bill C jumped up and I pointed behind the bed where there was room for him to crouch down so Jane C wouldn't see him. At the same time, I jumped up and grabbed my robe and was putting it on as I headed towards the staircase. I had hoped to get to the bottom of the steps before she started up so I could stop her. She was already three quarters of the way up the steps by the time I got to the top of the staircase. I just stopped and waited. Bill C had not fully gotten behind the bed yet. She told him not to bother trying to hide. I started apologizing profusely. I wanted to tell her that I had not invited him there. Before I had a chance to say anything she placed her hands on my face and smiled and said, "It's okay. It's okay. I don't mind." She proceeded to tell me that she is gay. Her and Bill C were staying married for Kara C's sake, but they had agreed to see other people so they could each satisfy their needs for an emotionally or physically intimate romantic relationship. Even so, I don't know that I want to be in relationship with Bill C. I haven't liked him lately and have not wanted anything to do with him. I thought I would be happy to never see him again. I am lying in bed, still with no clothes on, but covered with my flannel sheet. One of their mother's is lying in bed with me, to my left. She is a short woman with short black hair and somewhat Asian in appearance. She is very upset by all of this and talking to me about it, though I don't get the feeling that she is particularly upset with me, or blaming me. I am feeling very awkward, especially because she is in bed with me and I don't have any clothes on. Then Jane C gets into bed also, to my right. The three of us are now lying there discussing this. Jane C makes the mother feel okay about it all and we end up chatting and joking a bit. She turns to her right side and falls asleep. She has both of my bed pillows under her head, with her right arm under them. I don't know why but I feel the need to comfort her so I turn onto my right side and begin to slide my right arm under her head. As I do this I think that maybe I could gently roll her onto her back and could then get one of the pillows for under my own head. As I try to roll her onto her back and reach with my left hand for one of the pillows she begins to wake up. I quickly lower my left hand onto her left arm. She thinks I am making an advance towards her and makes it clear that she is not interested. I wasn't going to tell her that I really just wanted a pillow. I am at a public facility something like a YMCA. I am very upset and angry about everything that has happened, from ending my job with Bill C to everything that happened in the bedroom. I want to find a way to physically work off the negative emotions. Someone I know well, a friend, is the manager of this facility. It almost seems as though it might be Bonnie K. We're talking about what's going on at the facility. There are a lot of people there. She is telling me what the various people are doing. I decide the best way for me to feel better is to work so I ask how I can help. I'm walking around the women's locker room looking at what is available there. There are quite a few individual stalls that appear to be athletic-type soaking tubs. The deep stainless-steel type with some kind of whirlpool equipment attached to the outside. However, it also had something that resembled shower hardware attached to the wall. Because of the way they were built and the things that I saw in each one, I wasn't sure what they were. Two young girls walked by and I heard them talking and giggling about them being both tubs and steam rooms. They were mocking women who use them. There seemed to be quite a few women in the locker room. It was divided by walls into different areas. The showers were in a separate area from these tubs. As I was walking around this area I was thinking how long it had been since I had used a steam room and sauna and how great it would feel. It would also feel great to use a whirlpool or to be able to take a bubble bath in a large, deep bathtub. Bonnie K is working behind a high counter, like you might see at a doctor's office. The public area on the other side is long, but fairly narrow, more like a hallway than a room or reception area. The counter and wall that it runs along has an arc shape. 