I had stopped by Judy D's house hoping that I could spend the night because it was very late and I felt that I was too exhausted to make it the rest of the way home that night. I was sitting next to Judy D watching TV with her and her husband. She was to my left. At some point I had turned my back to her and had nearly fallen asleep. I had the feeling that she didn't really want me to spend the night. When she thought I might be falling asleep she started saying my name and I just pretended to be asleep. She moved away from me very slowly so as not to wake me up. It seems that she had decided she would be okay with me staying there as long as I was only sleeping on the sofa. Now Suzanne B and one of our other CRHP sisters are there. We were chatting and tending to two infants. I was holding one of them on its stomach while rocking her. The women were looking at me kind of odd and I asked them why. They did not think what I was doing was good for the baby and they didn't think the baby like it at all. I thought about defending myself and telling them that I've known babies to find this very comforting and that it can help them to go to sleep. I decided against it and just handed the baby to one of the other women. I said something to the effect that it looked like no one else was going to show up. I was really tired and really just wanted to sleep but knew that would be rude with the other two women there so I told them that I was going to head home. One of them protested ever so slightly but I said I would be fine. I went outside to get on my bike. My bike looked like a section of split rail fence. It had a post on either end and three connecting rails, one at the bottom, one at the top, and one in the middle. There was no seat, no handlebars, no wheels, and no pedals. I don't know what actually propelled it forward, but when I first started out I was having trouble getting it to move. Because it was so late, it was quite dark outside. I felt a little anxious about this but quickly dismissed it. As I was riding home my bike started talking to me. It was affirming all of the things that I had done "right" that day. I wasn't buying all of it, but nonetheless found it a little comforting. I'm not sure why, but I got lost going home. I came to a housing subdivision. I thought I knew a way through this subdivision to get home. I rode through a section that reminded me of the inside of a home. I was getting so tired. I saw something that reminds me of a bus shelter. The weather wasn't that bad, chilly but not freezing cold and no precipitation, so I decided that I would just go in there and sleep for a few hours before going the rest of the way home. I was just settling onto the floor when a woman approached me looking both scared and angry. As she got closer she asked me what I was doing. I told her. She started yelling at me that I was in her home. I quickly realized that I had ridden my bike through her house. I apologized profusely. As I got on my bike I asked her if she could give me directions. I explained where I lived and what the buildings looked like. They looked like the condos on the right side of North Point Bay, with brown, rustic-looking siding. She was pointing as she gave me directions. As she pointed I saw a huge waterfall that reminds me of Niagara Falls. I realized that if I had continued riding in the dark earlier I would have gone right into the waterfall as I didn't know it was there and it was very close to the street that I needed to take to get home. I was thinking how lucky I was that I stopped here. The woman seemed to not be angry with me any longer. I got on my bike and headed home.