There was a man whose job it was to transport very important confidential documents. They were secured in a locked briefcase that was secured to his wrist by a chain. It seems that I was watching and discussing this with someone while he was getting ready to board a plane to deliver some documents. What I can't figure out is where we were standing while we were watching this. I know we were standing someplace that was higher than the top of the plane because we were kind of looking down. But I have no sense of being inside a building and looking through a window. The front of the plane opened up similar to the way the hood of a car would open to access the engine. The man walked up and with one hand lifted the hood of the plane, lifting from the part closest to the windshield. But there was no engine in there. Instead, it was just a large open area where he was going to sit during the flight. When this was open, for lack of a better description, it looked like he was sitting in a sunroom. Surrounded by large panes of glass with something dividing each pane. I don't know how this would be possible because before he lifted the hood that part of the plane looked like any other airplane. He sat down, pulled the hood down, and closed it. That way he and the documents would be unseen and more secure. While the plane was airborne, the man was going to a compartment at the back of the plane. I have no idea why. He couldn't do this by going through the inside of the plane though. He lifted the hood of the front compartment where he had been sitting and climbed out. Along the outside of the plane there was a running board like you would see on a truck. It went the full length of the plane. So this man faced the plane standing on his running board and made his way to the back compartment walking sideways. It seems that he was placing his hands against the plane while he was doing this to he was keeping his hands flat against the plane to help steady himself and keep his balance, but there wasn't anything for him to grab onto. It looked like any other passenger airline from the outside because if he was making his way back he was passing all of the windows. When he got to the back of the plane he opened another hood or hatch. This compartment looked more like the baggage compartment of a regular passenger airline.