I was a member of a team of professional organizers. We had gone to someone's home to help them clean up a few rooms and get organized. The only room I remember us doing in the dream though is the kitchen. The home belonged to a couple that I would guess to be in their early 30s. Initially the husband was not at all supportive of the wife's desire to do this project. They had two children that I think were both boys. They were all helping with this clean up and we had the boys carrying things to other rooms or taking things out to the trash. We had gotten about halfway finished when the woman had to leave. I don't know why she had to leave. The husband reluctantly got more involved and as he did his attitude became very positive. There was either a doormat just outside the front door or a rug just inside it. It was in really bad shape so the team was going to throw it away. The man really fought us on it initially. I don't know why he was so attached to it. We did finally let him talk us into replacing it. Once we got most of the mess out of the kitchen we realized that their appliances were in very bad condition so we wanted to replace all of them. The husband was excited about this because he knew it would make his wife very happy. There was now an extraordinarily large black man in the kitchen. He was probably 7 feet tall with a very large body build. There was also a very small black man there. I don't think he was much more than 3 feet tall. Even though he was very short, I know that it was an adult male. The larger man was harassing or threatening the smaller man. I was standing to the left along side the small man I was telling the large man that his words and behaviors were inappropriate. As I told them that I reached take the hand of the small man. As I did so the small man reached up to take my hand. We interlocked our fingers in a very unusual way. We had all of our fingers closed and it's completely at the knuckle. We interlocked our fingers this way from the ends of our fingers. I don't know how to better describe that. As soon as our fingers interlocked I turned to leave the house guiding the small man to walk with me. The look on the large man's face told me that he didn't realize he was being inappropriate. He looks more regretful or sad then upset or angry.