A lot of it was very unusual. It seemed that for most of the dream things were in a constant state of metamorphosis. I was aware of this in the dream though I had no thoughts about it being a dream or about being lucid. I was walking inside a building. The walls just ahead of me to my left continued to change as I walked forward. I know I had some kind of thought about how this would impact where I was headed as I was walking but that's all I can remember. There were a lot of very unusual images. There were two men in this dream that were executives for a company. The name of one of them was Tom Mossman. The other one I only know his last name and it was Merriman. Their company was going to be donating products for something that I was involved in. I don't know that I ever actually saw or met Mr. Merriman. I saw Tom a few times. One of those times he expressed an interest in going out with me. I don't think I gave him an answer and I think there were probably a couple of reasons why I didn't. The main one is it didn't seem appropriate given our professional relationship. I think part of it was also because I don't know what I want right now in terms of relationship with a man and I didn't know if he would want to go out if it was always just going to be casual dating. I went to their facility to look at the things that they were going to donate. They had large quantities of each item and they were all sitting in a large room. It didn't really look like a factory or a warehouse or anything like that. The things were all set up in rows with aisles between them. I was walking up and down the aisles looking at the various things. At first I was concerned because the items looked very worn, for lack of a better word. Some of the colors on some of them were faded or chipped. It looked like they were used. I didn't feel it was appropriate to give away items that look like this at the event I was involved in. It seems to me that there were two employees in this room as I was walking around and that may be someone involved in what I was working on had joined me while I was there. Someone reassured me that the items that we would be getting were all in very good condition and looked fine. They pointed to some items in the room as an example and so I felt a little less concerned. Tom approached me again. He was being very charming. He said something to me about once our transaction was over we wouldn't be in a business relationship anymore so then we could go out. He also said something to imply that he was quite confident that he would change my mind and get me to go out with him.