I went to Marsh to pick up a few groceries. They had pumpkins everywhere inside the store and every place they could put them outside the store. They made it difficult to get around. I thought about whether or not to buy one but didn't think I would use it, yet I bought one anyway. Some of them were huge, like as much as 3 feet in diameter. When I went outside I had to walk up a circular ramp to get to my car. The ramp had no walls or safety barriers on either side and no sidewalk so I was just walking up the middle. I think this ramp was only for pedestrian traffic. I was having trouble pushing the shopping cart up this ramp. There was an employee standing nearby. I have the sense that she was directing cars. I told her that it looked like it would be easier for me to pull the cart up the ramp rather than trying to push it. As I went to the other side of it to begin pulling it up another woman walked up and pushed while I pulled. I noticed how easy this was working as we were going up pretty quickly. I realized the other woman was doing most of the work. I had a conversation with an attractive young man, in his late 20's or early 30's. He wasn't much taller than me, with black hair and an athletic build. He was dressed in business clothes. He was flirting and wanted to go out. I kind of laughed it off, not taking him seriously because of his age. Because I didn't think he was serious, I jokingly flirted back. It became clear to me that he was serious. As I put my groceries in my car, he asked me if I would call him. I didn't really say yes or no. It feels like I was looking down at him, as though the ground he was standing on was a significantly lower level than where I was. He reached his hand up to give me a business card. He had a big smile on his face and this look that said he wanted me to call him. I took the card and smiled back at him. I asked him if he wanted my card. I was in my car driving down this circular ramp to leave. Now there were walls and sidewalks on each side of the ramp. There were employees on these sidewalks dressed in costumes like clown costumes and storybook characters, like girls in pretty dresses. It was part of a promotion to sell the pumpkins. I am now on a bus with this young man, though I don't know where we are headed. We have three green pillows with us. One is a body pillow and the other two are standard size pillows, but they are all made the same and with the same green fabric. The bus is crowded, more than full. He and I are both standing. He is standing right next to the back of the bus and I am standing a few feet in front of him. There is a woman sitting in the back seat, on the right of the bus as I face the back. She is tall and thin with very short blond hair. She reminds me of Gretchen. There are other people standing as well. We know we are close to our stop so we are reaching to get our things together so we can get off quickly. There is a horizontal strap attached to the back of the bus that is used to let the driver know that you want to get off. The young man I'm with reaches down and pulls on the strap. While we were standing there he apologized to me for something. I thought that was very mature of him, that most men wouldn't even realize that they had done something to apologize for. I smiled at him and asked him if he wanted to start over. He smiled and nodded his head yes.