I am getting ready to do a scene for acting class. Paulina and I gather up my props, which involve a lot of clothes, a rose, and other things. We are walking across a wooden foot bridge with a huge river underneath. Most everyone else is walking the longer and safer, lower zigzag path beneath the straight path I'm walking. A heavy wind is pelting the footbridge and it is swaying. It is hard to maintain my footing. I fall against the rope railing. My props, some of them fall to the foot bridge around my feet. A man stands before me. He looks searchingly into my eyes. I am annoyed with him. I'm ready to refuse his offer to help me. Then I see that I need his help. He asks and I accept. I turn to Paulina and say, "Why am I so abrupt just before I need help? It's a good thing I didn't say anything." We all make it to the auditorium. The young man and I do our scene, except for the last part. Then someone else does theirs. I have to go to the john, so I find one. There are 3 toilets in one stall. 2 are broken. One is like my wheelchair. I step around it. The other is to my left. When I sit on the 3rd toilet, it is broken and has red things floating in it (like red glass, thin twisted rods). I realize I mustn't go to the bathroom because I'm in my bed, dreaming. I get up and go back to the auditorium. It's time to finish my scene. I am now sitting in my wheelchair watching the young man give his lines. I suddenly realize I shouldn't be just watching, I'm supposed to be in character, listening, and I have some lines coming up. I feel panicky because I can't remember the lines. Somehow it ends so I don't have to show my mistake. I go off to read my lines so I can remember them. An old roommate then does a monologue on stage; she asks me to be backstage for moral support. Paulina and I walk back there and we lie down near the curtain so no one will see us. We can see them. They are a long way down. My old roommate does her scene. It involves a little girlish/woman who is sweeping the dirt off the step. She speaks a few lines. It could be better. Ethan and the rest of the class call out suggestions for her. One plays music that sounds like a trumpet on her mouth. Soon we have a musical bit. The class comes up to dance in unison, and the curtains keep opening wider and Paulina and I must keep retreating, back and back to stay hidden. I want to join the musical but Ethan looks at me and I know the answer is no, because I can't dance. The stage looks huge, long and narrow.