A marketing company was coming up with a campaign for its client company to introduce their new line of fabrics. Once they had come up with their idea they invited executives of their client company to come to their office so they could present the campaign. A key part of their campaign was to take a piece of one of the fabrics, approximately 3 foot square, and highlight the design of the fabric using candy in wrappers. The design in the fabric was somewhat of a floral pattern. So they would attach candy in various colored wrappers to re-create the design of the fabric using the candy. It was time for the executives of the client company to arrive at their office. Their office was an old home that had 13 stories. Each floor did not have that much square footage. The home was shades similar to an office tower building. Because it was a home there was no elevator. The staircase had a wooden banister and rail, very similar to an oak color. An executive from them marketing company told the client company about their idea. In theory, the client company liked the idea. Their concern was that people would pull the candy off of the fabric to consume it. The marketing executive said that they would display it in a way and in a position that people wouldn't be able to do that. However, when they were finished with the display they would change the way it is displayed and where it was displayed so that people could pull the candy off. The marketing executive is now going to take the client company up to the 13th floor. Having gone up just a few flights of stairs she realized that there was something on the 13th floor that had to be taken care of before the client company got up there. Someone had been killed by an employee of the marketing company. She began practically running up the steps ahead of the client company to get up to the 13th floor to tell one of the other employees that they had to hide the body before the client company got up there. It almost seems as though the employee was trying to hide the body in between a set of mattresses. They were tucking pieces of clothing that were hanging out back in between the mattresses. There was some kind of a noise coming from the pipes in the building. The best I can describe it is somewhere in between a clang and a thump. After the client company leaves I am on the 13th floor taking a shower. The noise in the pipes becomes much louder. From inside the shower I say something to the marketing executive about how much louder it is. She said she had noticed it too and agreed with me. Earlier we thought that it had something to do with the dead body. Now we realize that it has something to do with the water pipes and the water heater. I and someone from the marketing company went to the DDSI regional office to talk to them about promoting this line of fabrics. I see Vince P and wonder if he's going to talk to me since he has not returned my calls or letters over the last few years. We are sitting in a room that has racks of fabric sample books hanging on them. There are a few decorators in there going through the fabrics. We're talking to someone about this marketing campaign. Vince P walks by my left side once or twice and looks down at me but doesn't look me directly in the eyes. He finally comes over and sits in a chair to my right. We're sitting perpendicular to each other. I'm explaining to him what we want to do with a one-month trial marketing campaign and we want to offer it only to his region. The decorators are saying how much they like our fabrics and that our fabrics are always their first choice.