I had a piece of furniture that I was taking to Rosalie K and Denis K. I'm not sure why. I was standing in the front foyer of their home. There was a doorway into the kitchen to my right and a doorway into another room in front of me. They are both standing at a kitchen counter facing me, with Denis K standing nearest to me, to the left of Rosalie K. We're talking and I said something to Denis K about teaching at MC. He responded and then laughed with his usual robust laugh. I saw that Jennifer K and her family were there. I had mixed feelings about this but decided it would give us an opportunity to talk more casually since there were plenty of other people around. The piece of furniture I had brought them was about the same height and width as my bedside table but only about half as deep. It had visible legs on the bottom. It almost looks like a bookshelf. It's not in very good shape. I carry it to the back of their house. They have a patio that is the full length of their house. In the dream their house is much longer than in waking life and the patio has an awning over the entire thing. The patio was full of furniture that they intended to refinish. There were six more pieces that they had stripped but not done anything more with. When I saw that I felt better that someone else does the same thing that I do, having started refinishing three different pieces but not having finished any of them. Someone else brought a couple of pieces of furniture up and sat them down near where I was talking with Rosalie K. I told her that she has the coolest things. She told me I was welcome to take one of the pieces that were just placed near us. I walked closer to look at them and realized it was five different chairs. I was disappointed but I didn't want her to know that. I didn't really like any of them but I felt that I had to choose one because her offer was based on what I said. They were sitting very close together so I couldn't get a very good look at any of them so I pulled them apart so I could see each one well. Three of them I ruled out immediately as not being ones I would take. One of them was a straight back chair and told her it was kind of interesting. The seat was round and the back was oval shaped. It was upholstered with a fabric that looked like needlepoint. I really didn't like it either but I was trying to think of something positive to say. I told her that I need a straight back chair for reading because it is best for my back. The fifth one was a very odd shape, kind of like a half of an empty egg shell, lengthwise half. I sat down in it to try it. You could lean back in it, but it went back way too far for my comfort. I was afraid I was going to fall over backwards. I really didn't want that one either and I also didn't want to take one just because she had offered me one, yet I didn't want to give her the wrong impression. It would seem very odd that I said what I did when they were set down there but now didn't want one when she offered it to me. Maybe it was a matter of credibility. Fortunately, someone walked up and started talking to us so I was off the hook. We were discussing the furniture that they had there. They were saying that they needed to get rid of some of it, or organize or clean up the patio. I'm just not sure. I am down in the basement with Rosalie K, walking along the back wall that would run parallel to and along the patio. She said something about needing to get rid of something along that wall but that they hadn't done it because they knew it was going to be a major project. I made the comment that maybe it wouldn't be as bad as they think. She didn't seem to like that I said that. The look on her face made me wonder if she thought I was insinuating that she didn't know what she was talking about. I must have told her that I would help her with it because we start taking things off the wall or moving things. It appears to be a very old, very large, copper store built into the wall and surrounded by brick on the inside of the wall. The brick goes all the way to the ceiling. It is maybe a 5 foot square. The stove top comes just above my waist. We started by moving some things along the ceiling. It didn't take us long to do this. Now the stove is no longer surrounded by brick - it's as though the brick was never there. There is also no wall behind the stove, separating it from the outdoors. I told her that now all she needs is to get a couple of men with a two-wheeler to just wheel it out. Even though this was true, Rosalie K seemed irritated by this, as though it bothered her for me to be right. We're standing on the patio again and talking about the furniture. I realize that I'm not going to have a chance to talk to Jennifer K at all because it was time for me to leave. I told them that I needed to go. Just as I did, someone, maybe Jennifer K , pointed to a piece of furniture and asked if that was the piece that I had wanted - a piece they had agreed to give to me some time ago. I looked and recognized it though it looked pretty different. I remembered that when I saw it the last time it looked somewhat like two buffet pieces, one sitting on top of the other. It also had a row of decorative spindles across the front. The lower piece had a lot of drawers but several of the drawers were missing. Now it was just the lower piece and the spindles were all missing. I wondered if Daddy or Brian F might be able to make new drawers for me. I didn't really know that I wanted it anymore - not the way it was. Without the other pieces it had lost its uniqueness and charm. I think they must have realized all of these pieces were gone because several of them started looking for the pieces among the piles of furniture and stuff on the patio. I recall seeing someone climbing on things to look for the missing pieces. It also looked as though they had stripped it. Maybe they had forgotten they had told me that I could have it and that I was going to refinish it. That didn't really bother me that they had stripped it already. I just felt awkward about the whole thing. As they are looking for the pieces, I realize that I'm not going to be able to take it home with me anyway because it won't fit in my car. I'll have to find someone with a truck and ask them to come and help me.