I was in the living room lying on the floor on my back. I was watching TV. I was watching a program that was doing an exercise segment. They had two men demonstrating the exercises. I was doing the exercises along with them. I was noticing just how much I felt the pull in my upper legs and thighs. They were hard to do, which is probably why I felt so much pull as I did them. They were both variations of a squat. You couldn't hold onto anything while you were doing them. The first one was a pretty basic squat. You put your hands on your hips, had your feet about a foot apart, and then do a normal squat. The second one was a little unusual. As he would squat he kept the right leg at pretty much of a right angle. As he squatted into the lower position, he started bouncing gently. I was having trouble doing that. Then he lay back, supporting himself with his arms straightened. He straightened both legs. This is an odd position. He moved into position where he is resting on his shoulders and he has the rest of his body lifted. It's almost like a yoga bridge position, except that his feet are straight out as though they are suspended in midair. He starts shaking his shoulders and then shakes his entire body. I can't make my body shake the way he is. I'm alone in the house and I'm thinking about the weather outside. It's a Saturday. As I was lying on the floor, I thought it sounded like it was beginning to rain or storm. I'm in a kind of gray or melancholy mood. I get up, walk to the patio door, and open the blinds. I was thinking what a dreary Saturday it was and that this is the kind of day when it would be nice to be in a relationship. We could decide together how to spend this dreary day. It was just the kind of day that would be nice to spend with someone special. I see that it is snowing. I had asked Matthew to move quite a few of my flowers outside the last time he was home, which he did. There are probably a dozen of them and they are all in very large flowerpots, the kind that would sit on the floor or on the ground. They were about 2 or 2 1/2 feet in diameter each and probably 2 feet tall. He had lined them up around the perimeter of the patio. I was thinking that I could just line them up in the flowerbeds along the patio and that would be really pretty because they are tall, bushy plants. They have a lot of full blooms on them and there are quite a few different types. I begin to think about this snow hitting them and wondering if I should bring them inside. I think about the roses in particular and that I should probably at least bring them inside. Then I think if the snow does hurt any of them, they will come back to health when the weather warms back up. I don't think it will kill any of them completely. It would just be such a hassle to bring them back inside because I would need to put something on the floor and they're so big and heavy and I would have trouble doing that, which is why I had asked Matthew to take them out for me. It just really didn't seem worth it. The snow is almost like sleet. I opened the door and leaned out a little bit. I leaned back in and shut the door, deciding to just leave the flowers outside. There is a huge truck, taller than the patio door that pulls onto my patio from the left and begins to exit through the back gate as though it is using my patio as a turnaround. As it prepares to pull out through the gate along the back it stops and starts to back up. That's when I realize that the truck is on my patio for reason. They are getting ready to do something to my right side flowerbed. I quickly open the door, rushed outside and stood in the flowerbed. I do this to prevent them from doing anything to that flowerbed. There was more than one person in the truck. I'm thinking that I will stand there all day if I have to do to keep them from doing anything to my flowers. Then I start wondering what I will do if I have to go to the bathroom and wondering if I can go all day without eating. The people decided that they would call the office and then let me talk to whomever they got on the phone so that person could confirm to me that they were supposed to do whatever they were there to do. I thought if they make the call I won't know if they really called the office or not. They could be calling someone they know to pretend they are someone at the office. I could ask the person on the phone for their name. If they gave me the correct name I might know that it really is them. Even so, what if they just know the name of the person in the office? Then I think that maybe if I ask for one of the maintenance men and then asked their name the same thing would be true. I decide that the best thing would be for me to actually make the phone call so I know that I'm dialing the correct number and talking to the actual office people. That way, too, if they had requested that something be done to my flowerbed I could try to talk them out of it. I was going to say standing there and refuse to budge until I got this cleared up.