I had taken a new job working for a retail business or a business that had a retail division to it. When I first took the job I was going to be working in a retail location and it seems that there were no other employees, just the manager. All of the previous employees had either quit or been fired. The ones who had quit did so because it was such a mentally and emotionally undesirable place to work. The others were fired either because they were incompetent or because they were causing problems about whatever was going on there. After the interview, I headed home. I was driving home on a flat piece of cardboard. I have no idea what was propelling it forward or what I was using to steer it. I have no image of anything other than the flat piece of cardboard. The cardboard was lying flat on the ground and I was sitting on it. It was moving forward just like any motorized vehicle. I was really in a hurry to get home, so I was going around 90 miles an hour. It was dusk or maybe even a little bit later. I was thinking about the fact that I was speeding. I hoped it wouldn't be a problem because the cars seemed to be going pretty fast. However, I didn't want to get caught by a police officer either. I think about what I'm using for travel and I think that there's no way that I would even be noticed because I'm so low to the ground. I couldn't get stopped if I wasn't noticed. I had hardly finished this thought when a police officer in the other lane, heading in the opposite direction that I was, motioned to me to pull over. The police officer was driving something that resembled a golf cart. He had two other people with him. One was sitting in the front with him the other was sitting in the back. Both of these were people that he had stopped prior to me. He started to write me a ticket and I begged him not to. I apologized profusely. I explained to him that I had been unemployed for nearly a year and I just really didn't have the money for a speeding ticket right now. He couldn't help but see that I was very distraught by this. Finally, I promised him that I would find a different way home that I wouldn't even get back out on the road tonight. At that point he decided to go ahead and let me go without giving me a ticket. He didn't even write me a warning. I walked back to the place that had just hired me. It wasn't open for business but the door was unlocked so I went back in. When I was there earlier the manager I was speaking with was a man but now it's a woman. I went in to see if there was anyone there who would be willing to give me a ride home. I thought there might be someone there who would be headed home soon and going in my direction. Then they might drop me off at home or drop me someplace close to home where I could walk the rest of the way from there. I had mixed feelings about doing this as I didn't want to impose on anybody, I certainly didn't want to give this impression to my new employer before I even started work. Since I had promised the police officer that I would find a different way home I didn't feel that I had much choice. I didn't know anyone else in the area that I could ask. At first I asked the woman manager. I don't know if she wasn't going to be leaving for a while or if she wasn't going to be going in my direction or maybe she just didn't want to. It occurred to her that there was another employee there, an older man. She suggested I ask him. He was a large man maybe 6 feet tall and a large build. I'm guessing he was about 70-years-old. He looked kind of rough, though not dirty or unkempt, but a bit scary looking. It's just the kind of appearance that in another situation I would have been hesitant to approach him and talk to him. He was doing janitorial work. When I asked him about a ride home he seemed very put off by the idea. I apologize for bothering him and I left. I decided that I would just need to walk home, even though home was on the other side of town. As I left the building I walked down some steps and onto the sidewalk. I realized that the sidewalk would be a shortcut and cut my time almost in half. The sidewalk straight in front of me continued for probably 100 yards or less. Then it turned to the right. After it turned right it continued for a long way. I knew at the end it would turn right again and I would just have a few hundred yards more to go before I was very close to home. I was carrying with me the cardboard that I was riding on earlier, except now it is shaped differently. Now it has four sides on it making it more of a shallow rectangular box. For some reason I lifted it over my head to carry it. I either did that so that I could see where I was walking better, or simply because it was going to be easier to carry it that way. It seems like maybe it was both. The sidewalk where I'm walking reminds me of walking through a park. There's a lot of grassy area and a lot of mature trees to my right. To my left there is a small width of grass and a few smaller trees between the sidewalk and the road. When I first start out, the road is at the same level that I am but the sidewalk goes uphill and the road to my left stays at the lower level. The street runs parallel to the sidewalk. As I'm walking I notice that I'm approaching a huge bridge. I had never noticed this bridge before. It is made of steel beams and girders but I'm thinking how beautiful it is. I don't think in waking life I would think that this is a beautiful bridge. It's very industrial looking it's built up on both sides with each side being a series of arches constructed out of steel beams and girders. I can't see the whole bridge. I don't know if that's because of darkness or fog. But the bridge seems to disappear on the end opposite of me. As I'm walking I see the woman store manager in her car pull up on the street alongside me, heading in the same direction that I am. She slows down and pulls off to the side and stops, so I stopped walking. She had decided to come after me and drive me home. I'm trying to decide whether or not to impose on her and allow her to take me home. There was also something about actually being on-the-job. I was one of the hourly employees, the only new one. The others had all worked there various lengths of time. Some of them had been there a long time and some had not been there long at all. I was talking with some of the other employees. It is a very negative conversation. At least some of it seems to be related to the employer. But they are also talking about some other employees, about something they do or have done. Some of it is not related to the business at all and some of it is. In another part, though, it seems as though I have been hired as part of the executive team. I attend an executive meeting and we are all in a very small rectangular room that seems to have low ceilings and is also not very big in square feet. As the meeting starts the room begins to move in one direction as though it's a vehicle. At the same time the lights become very dim. So much so that we can hardly see each other. I realize now that this is intentional. The room is a moving as though it's a trolley car. And it begins to go underground. It continues to travel underground while we continue our meeting. It almost seems that they do this to maintain secrecy of what is being discussed in the meeting. I, of course, find this all very odd and unsettling and I'm not sure what to make of it. It causes me to question things about the organization and their ethics or their business practices. I wonder if I even want to be a part of this organization.