For some reason I had to go back to the office building where the CAS office is located. Obviously, I was very bothered by this, wished that it could be avoided, but knew that it couldn't. I was trying to figure out a way that I could go where I needed to in the building but avoid running into Bill C or anybody else there or to avoid even going by the office or to risk being seen by any of them. Most importantly I didn't want to come face-to-face with any of them, especially Bill C. I must have seen someone from the distance because I decided to go in to the women room thinking that I could go in there and actually go in one of the stalls and just stay there for a little while and give whoever it was time to get where were they were going. If I'm in one of the stalls then there's no chance of Jennifer C coming in and seeing me. And if I just wait for a little while then I can slip out and get where I need to go without seeing any one or without being seen. I'm thinking now about how I can get back to my car without being seen or without seeing any one. I think about going to the far end of the building by the deli to exit the building and then walking around the outside to my car because if I walk around the back of the building they would have to actually be back there for them to see me or for me to run into one of them and that would be highly unlikely. I don't know if I had parked at the front of the building where I usually parked or if I had parked at the one and where I sometimes parked. If I was parked on the end then there would be just a miniscule chance of seeing someone or being seen. If I was parked at the front my chances increase considerably because they might see me through a window or I might run into one of them in the parking lot since that's where they parked as well. Maybe I was just thinking that I should have parked at the end of the building recognizing that then it would have reduced my chances greatly of seeing one of them or being seen by one of them. Regardless of any of this, I was unsuccessful. I came face-to-face with Bill C. We were only a few feet apart when we realized that the other was there. So there was no chance of acting as though we hadn't seen each other. I looked up at him and didn't say anything immediately. I get the sense that it bothered me a lot more than it bothered him to run into each other. I think he recognized this and was trying to be especially pleasant or friendly. I think he probably knew how much I didn't want to see him. I may be recording this in the wrong order. Alot of this doesn't make sense to me. I am in their office suite to do something. I was talking to Jane C and as in previous dreams she was sympathetic with me about what happened and seemed to be on my side. She also suspected that I did not want to see Bill C. So when it was time for me to leave she said that she would go into his office and stand at the end of his desk and talk to him so that I could go out the front door of their sweet without him seeing me and without me seeing him. She offered to do this because I would have to walk by his office door to get out of the office suite. There were several women working there. Jennifer C didn't work there anymore though. The receptionist was now a woman with a very unusual name something like Oneka. I recall seeing it on something on the wall or maybe on a tall file cabinet. It's in big block letters may be you when you try block letters. I would guess her to be around 60 years old she appeared to be in very fit, good physical condition and a nicely dressed her hair was nicely taken care of in a style that you might expect to see on someone 70 years old. Very pretty silver-gray hair. I don't know if she knew that I had worked there before or even if she did I don't know if she knew anything about what had transpired especially regarding my leaving the company. I'm having a conversation with these women which included Jane C and the receptionist, it seems that the conversation is about things that they're working on right now or the ways that they are you are doing things right now or maybe some of the changes that have taken place since I've left. I'm having a conversation with Bill C and it seems that he is trying very hard to mend fences. He's trying to do this, though, without actually mentioning anything that happened. Certainly he's trying to do so without any apologies or accepting any responsibility for anything that happened. I had a sense that my name had come up in conversations between him and Bill C over the past year and that it wasn't in a positive or flattering way. I know how sarcastic bill can be. I know that he doesn't always speak kindly of other people. For some reason I think that when my name came up it was related to specific events or situations or maybe specific things that I did or put in place while I was there. Bill C and I are walking out to the parking lot as we continue to talk. As we approached the door of their office suite I hear Bryan N behind us make some kind of a wisecrack. I think he said, maybe like the directory? He was implying that there was something negative about AE directory that I may have created while I was there. I don't recall creating any directories but I have a feeling that he was referring to the new employee manual. I nor Bill C acknowledge what he said. We just keep walking. After we get outside the building in the parking lot I said to Bill C that I suppose he and Bryan N have had a lot of laughs at my expense over the last year. His response was a sarcastic agreement with me as though he was trying to make me believe that it wasn't true. One of the things that I learned about Bill C though, that was his way of avoiding admitting that he had done something inappropriate or wrong or hurtful to someone, especially if he was aware of it at the time he was doing it. 