I have borrowed a puppy and a kitten from "borrow-a-pet" on a Saturday afternoon. I am playing with them and cooing over them. They are very sweet. The purpose is to play with them to get acquainted and then you can choose the right one. I take them back and put them in their drawers, kittens in the 3rd drawer, puppies in the 4th drawer, except I notice that there are new born kittens in the 4th drawer. I also notice 2 striped cats that blend in with the surroundings and 2 miniature zebras. Co-worker Tyler is in the kitchen room we are in. He's cooking a hamburger steak in the oven. It's time to take it out but he can't find the hot pad. I find the hot pads, and take the steaks out. He then tells me how talented I am with crafts and making things. He says he has a married couple he is counseling, a doctor husband, and 2 boys. They don't communicate with each other. They are people oriented all day and when they get together, they don't get together. I said, "Oh, you want me to teach them a craft so they can get together?" Tyler said, "Right." I say, "Well, which craft shall I teach them?" Tyler looks at me with exasperation. "You're the one doing it, you'll know which one." I look at him, slightly startled, and a little put out. Then I decide to take a number of crafts and they can learn a variety and choose for themselves. Tyler agrees that's a good idea. I get in my van and drive there, a dirt road, muddy, and difficult to stay on. There is a lake on the left and it's important not to slide into the lake (some danger). I look down the road. At the end is a Victorian house and I know it's the one. I drive to the edge of the land. Now I get out of the van. The 2 boys are there. I must walk down wooden decking as the house is on the lake. I am stepping down a rope and wood ladder (like on ships). The woman asks if I need help. I am annoyed. I say, "No. I can do this." Then I comment on how lovely of a house it is, and that it's so nice on the lake. I go in and start to teach the craft. Now the scene is changed. Mabel is upset with me. I am telling her she heard something someone said incorrectly (she's the woman I counseled). She asks people around her what was said. I encourage them to tell what they had heard. I am right. She is wrong, but she's crying. "You should have...,"(maybe told me)!