I am in one of the very first pews of a church, kneeling and praying. There is hardly anyone else in the church because there is no Mass or service going on. I just went there to pray. I get up and start to leave, walking down the middle aisle. I notice a large group of children in the back of the church. Their teachers have them sitting side-by-side in the last few pews, on both sides of the aisle. They are talking to them about the church and about the Catholic faith tradition. I hadn't walked far when I realized that I left my handbag in the pew where I had been praying so I went back, picked it up, and then left. I think there is a group of children outside the church also, standing on both sides of the entry doors. [It gets confusing from here.] There are quite a few steps outside of the entry doors. They are very long steps and fairly steep, but maybe more than one flight as well. I only recall going halfway down. Now I am walking to the front of the building, from outside, from the right of the building. I think there is a sidewalk that runs all the way around the perimeter of the building. Maybe two levels, as though it is two steps. As I turn the corner to the front of the building I see Sherry S on the second, lower level. We acknowledge each other with our eyes and a smile. The only thing that she says to me is something about the fact that I'm letting my hair grow out. I said something about it being at that painful stage where it's too short and too long to do anything with it so it will look nice. I came around to the front of the church again, and again from the right side. Sherry S and I acknowledged each other with our eyes again but this time didn't speak. I am now at a store. I don't know if it's a drugstore or a discount department store. I went in because there were a few things that I needed. I saw that they still had Easter candy on sale. I decided to walk by it just to see if they had any Peeps. There were a couple of things that I picked up and pushed on the package because they kind of looked like Peeps but I couldn't tell for sure. I decided that they were but there were a different kind than normal. I couldn't decide if I really wanted to buy them, because of the calories, because they weren't the normal kind and I wasn't even sure if I would like them, but also because of the money, even though it was such a small amount. I look at some of the other Easter candy that they have there. I'm moving some of it a little bit to see what it really is. It's mostly things that I haven't seen before. I pick up a basket that has nothing but Peeps in it, but then change my mind and put it back. I have a hard time getting it to go back on the shelf where it had been. It had been in kind of a corner, where two shelves meet. Then I pick up a few that are individually wrapped but put them back also. I spot a few boxes of the traditional kind of Peeps. I also notice that they still have some left-over Christmas candy as well. There is one thing that is either in a container that looks like a toy soldier or maybe it's chocolate shaped like that with a foil wrapping that looks like a toy soldier.