Again it was the cast of West Wing but this time Martin Sheen was alive and they were celebrating the end of the series of the TV series. I have no idea how this fits but I am parking my car in a parking lot that reminds me of the parking lot at my elementary school. And I have fooled into a parking space at the end of the building there are quite a few cars parked there and as I pull into a parking space I realize that there is a very expensive car let me be a Mercedes parked at an angle to my left where the rear of that car is facing my driver side door. There are a lot of people around and for some reason I decide not to stay parked there so I decide to go I see that the adjacent part of the parking lot that is perpendicular to that one is almost empty so I decide to go park over there. I was thinking that if I do that it would be easier to get out after Mass. After I pull over to that part of the lot I decide to park differently than I originally intended. So I kind of circle around then pull into the front of two attached parking spaces but where two spaces would be connected. I pull into the front of those so that I can just pull straight out when I get ready to leave. That space is also the very first space on the end of the row and is nearest the door of the church. I walked over to the church and joined a conversation that was already in progress with a few people. They were discussing some woman. I can't figure out if there was just some problem with this woman or if she had died. But they didn't seem that upset that she had died. They seemed more upset about something else related to her. Or maybe it was something related to her dying but not the fact that she had died. Someone then said something about Darren and they wondered if he had died. I said I was pretty sure that he hadn't. I think he had just left town without telling anyone or at least without telling anyone where he was going or when he would be back - if he would be back. I went to talk to a man that I knew who was a police officer. He was going to file an official report about Darren. He was going to send a couple of officers to my house to do a search for clues to try to figure out what happened or where he went. It seems to me that he had just disappeared because he was trying to avoid something that I wanted from him - like maybe financially something that was due me and he was trying to avoid paying me what he owed. I was going to give them a form to make it official and I got ready to print it out. I printed one out then I realized that there was a lot of information on there that I could have filled in myself to make this easier for them. So I did that and I printed out another one.