The 2 boys come from their counseling session. They are both naked. I ask them why. They are going to audition for a play. I say, "Huh? Well, O.K." We go into a building down a hall and into a small office only it's like a doctor's examining room. A 3rd boy joins us, also naked. We all get up on the examining table, sort of bed. Chubby is sitting cross-legged in front and to the left. The new boy is to the right and the younger one is rollicking around. He is playfully wrestling with me. He rolls under me and now he's laying and I am sitting crouched over him, his penis under my vagina. I am aware that it's not proper for boys to be naked and yet only partly mind it. I am talking to chubby and looking at him and the boy under me is innocently or absent-mindedly pretending that he is a man and pushing up gently, a child's play version of coitus. I am aware of it. Part of me ignores it. Part of me is a little shocked and part of me is playing too. I say to chubby, "Let me tell you something about auditions. I've done them O.K.? I'm an actress." I'm very serious and chubby listens attentively. "It's better to go with your clothes on. They'll think you're weird if you go naked and only see your nakedness, not your talent. If you go clothed, they'll see your talent and then if they need a naked boy for the play, they'll ask you to take your clothes off and then that's O.K." The boys agree that I'm right, and we are all impressed with the fact that I made logical sense instead of being just prudish or grown up, up-tight about it. I say, "Are you going to audition first and then the counseling session, or vice versa?" They say they want to audition first. They all leave. I feel very sleepy and tired. I lay down and start to drift off to sleep, glad for a few minutes to nap. I try to turn off the lights. I hit the light switch. Nothing happens, and I see another one, but nothing happens. Then around the corner are 3 more. I try them. One works, temporarily. I look at the switches closer. There are lots of gradations. It's a very sensitive and tricky switch, with plastic joints in it. I get frustrated and yell, "To hell with it!" I go to sleep. Then the boys come back and I counsel them.