I was looking for a hotel because I wanted to go to the beach for a few days after conference. I had pictures almost like photographs of two different hotels and they were both shaped like airplanes. The front half of each was sitting on pavement and the back half of each was on the beach. I felt like I had stayed at one of them before. So I was thinking that I would probably go to that one again. The part of that one that was on the beach had a wooden deck off what might have been the second story. It's a pretty small desk, but I see a few people sitting there. It looks more like the size of a deck that you would see on a small home. I see some people walking out onto the back to get down to the beach. There are also people walking on the beach. I am walking on the beach. But there are so many people that it's hard to even find places to step without stepping on somebody's things, their blankets, beach bags and such. So in some places I'm taking large steps to kind of step over things. I only walk a few steps and then I started running. As I was running I was trying to step over all of this stuff. I ended up running near the very top part of the beach because that was the most clear. I continued running until I came to the end of the beach. At the end of the beach there was a building of sorts. At the end of the beach was an enclosed area, as though the beach ended in a one-room building. The floor was beautiful, polished, hardwood floor. The color of it is a bit darker than oak. There are several different parts to the floor of this room and they are at different levels, though not consecutively higher or lower. In the middle of the room there is a square cut out of the floor. On all four sides a wall has been built up around it to keep people from falling into the hole. The wall is about three or three and a half feet tall and has a ledge all around the top of it that is about 12 inches wide. It is made of a similar hardwood, though maybe a variation in the color. All you can see as you look into the hole is the ocean. There is a flight of steps that leads down from where we are. Mostly though, it feels like a dead-end. I stop for a few minutes to take in the room. I'm wondering what it is, why it is there. As I'm standing there, Allison Janney, an actress from the recent TV program West Wing comes in. She has also been running on the beach. We look at each other as if to acknowledge this unusual place that we've entered. I now notice someone else in the room, a man. I don't know if he was there earlier and I just didn't notice him or if he just came in. If so, I didn't see him enter. Maybe he had come up the steps. He is now going back down. He is aware of our presence but doesn't look at us or acknowledge us in any way. I think I turn around to leave.