I am in a hospital and there is a woman sitting at a work counter. She is filling out forms. She has a lot of them to fill out. I am laying on something in front of her, on my back. I am venting. I stopped several times and apologized and she told me that it was no problem and I should go on, that she just needed to fill out those forms while she was listening. She said that she could listen while she does that. I told her that I didn't want to bother her but yet I really appreciated her listening. She said again that it wasn't a problem at all, as long as I needed to talk. So I just kept talking. Now I'm lying on the floor and there are two people lying on either side of me. It seems like it is Chandler and Joey from the TV program friends. We are helping this woman with the forms. She tells us that she really appreciates it because she has gotten behind. The form that she's filling out looks like one sheet of ruled or lined paper. It does have some kind of a heading at the top; part of that heading is the month. We do two of these and put them in file cabinets and then we reached for the next one. We thought we only had one more to do to be caught up. But when we reached for the next one we realized there are still three or four more. While I was lying on the floor I asked for a pillow because there was something that we were looking at while we were doing this and I was having trouble seeing it from that position. They handed me one pillow but that wasn't enough so they handed me a second one. That was much better. Then someone else wanted one also. I think it was Joey. I'm pretty sure that I'm in a hospital and I was in a meeting. After the meeting I was walking down the hall and I passed someone else who was in that same meeting. It was a young woman. I passed a room with an open door that looked like some type of office space. It's not clear though what it is used for. Later I am in the room and there is stuff piled everywhere, office furnishings, desktop accessories, etc. The furniture isn't arranged in any kind of usable order it's just like it's all shoved in there for storage. There are a couple of people in the room. It appears that they are moving in to work there. I realize that there are going to be quite a few people working together in this room. One man who's going to be working in there is standing at one of the desks doing something, like he's setting up the desk. He seems to have a bad attitude. I think it's because he doesn't want to be working in a space with other people. He wants his own office. 