I had an appointment at UI with the sociology Dean. He wants to arrange a meeting between the two of us and the psychology dean. It's early afternoon and pouring down rain. The psychology dean can't meet with us that afternoon so I was invited to spend the night on campus. Apparently the room where they had me stay is not usually used for this purpose. There's something odd about it I don't know if it's the reaction of some people who work there or what it is. There were long narrow windows. I don't know if they were on a door or on the wall that looked into the outer room. I was trying to figure out how I could cover them so no one would see in while I was getting dressed. I finally noticed at the top of each window, it was barely noticeable, but they each had a rollup shade that could be pulled down. At the bottom of each window was a little space and then there was another very small window. I tried to pull the shade down to cover both but it wouldn't go that far. I decided that the lower one was low enough that it wouldn't make a difference. The dean of the psychology department shows up and says that he can't meet with us until six o'clock that evening. I didn't really like this because I didn't want to stay around there all day but I also didn't want to drive all the way home and then all the way back again that evening. I could tell that the other employees that were standing around didn't like him telling me this. They thought he was just being hard to get along with. Apparently they thought he really could have met with us if he had wanted to. I think he must have sensed this because he was being very adamant that he could not meet in the morning. I was trying to be nice about it and I just kept saying that's fine that's fine I'll come back. He said that he had to go to his church that morning because he was getting his tails. I didn't know what it meant but could tell it was a big deal. Like some kind of accomplishment or recognition. I congratulated him on receiving them and then I just told him that I would be back at six. Whoever was scheduling the meeting asked me if I was sure. They said that they didn't want to schedule it if I wasn't going to show up. I said I will be here at six. I was pretty irritated about it though. I just didn't want to drive all the way home and turn around in a few hours and drive all the way back. That was the reason that I had spent the night the previous night to prevent me from having to make two trips down there. There were maybe eight or ten people who worked together in the sociology department. They had a good time working together. They got along well and had fun. They laughed a lot. They had some little rubber balls that were maybe an inch in diameter and multicolored. It was the kind that you would get out of a machine like the gumball machines. They were throwing them at each other. One of them came at me and I caught it but I was reluctant to throw it. I did want to hurt anybody or break anything.