I was going to exchange some old metal things I had, take them to the used metal things store (cradles, adult size, lots of things, a whole attic full). I was going to trade them in for new things but was a little peeved at myself for my ridiculousness because all you can trade in used metal things for in a used metal store is different used metal things. Then my acting class and I were in my house. Ethan was talking to us over the phone. He said that he was sorry he couldn't be there to teach the class today, but we should all go to the library to get articles from 1950's magazines. It would teach us a good acting lesson. I was pleased. I'd done this before and it was fun to look back at that era. I went. We all came back to my house. I had a bunch of magazines, Good Housekeeping, etc. Then they were record albums. I put one on; the Gee-Gee Brothers. Ethan then came into the house. I was wearing a robe that kept slipping open. I kept trying to re-tie the sash and I held it tightly around me. Ethan watched dispassionately. He again apologized for being busy and unable to be there for class. I said, "Oh, it's fine because I liked the assignment. In fact I've done it once before, a sociological project. I took sociology before psychology." Then he said, "And what did you learn?" I pulled my robe tighter around me and noticed with annoyance I kept doing that. I went to go change the long playing 50's record for another. When I came back, Ethan was sweating and his shirt was wet with perspiration. He had it half off. I sat on the couch. Other students were wandering around. Ethan half laid on the arm of the couch, watching me intently. Like a teacher, with some slight care in his face, he had a message to impart and he wanted to be gentle (for him). I said, "About my acting..." He said, "Next term, I want you to work on characters unlike yourself, reach out, expand, use bigger gestures." I said, "You know, in my acting final, you saw that, yes? Well, I kept laughing. You broke me up, I broke me up, my partner broke me up." He frowned. I said, "I know, you see, I'm good at comedy. I've always done little skits that I write and then act in." I was sort of bragging, hoping he'd notice my creativity. He was dead pan. I went on, "And so I act me. I have good comedic timing. Now I need to learn to really act." He nodded. He suggested I practice saying a sentence that ends in all right...all right (someone's name), to get the inflections all right. Then he looked up. Someone was coming in the door. "Oh," he said pulling his shirt back on (it was his wife). "I had better straighten up here." It was a joke. Then 2 delivery boys came to the door. The first one handed me a package, books I had ordered. The second one ran around him and shoved his package into my hands ahead of #1 boy. #1 boy was amazed, so I took the first package that was put in my hands. It was my new checks from the bank. #1 boy left, upset. I looked at him wondering if he expected a tip. He just grimaced and left. I opened the checks. I saw my picture on the check, like my master's degree student days, with long frizzy hair. I was surprised, they had updated the picture. Then as I looked, each picture on each check was different. They looked awful. In one, I was playfully kissing Cory. A woman stood outside, looking in the window. She said something. I didn't hear her and said, "Huh?" She repeated. "Ya, I saw them too, they are pretty funny looking."