Macy F's dad was the President of the US. In the dream it was Martin Sheen. I went home with them one evening, except it was to a regular home with three bedrooms. They were in a row, just like in my birth home. As we faced the hallway the president's room was to my left, Macy F's was in the middle, and I was to stay in the one to the right of Macy F's room. The president walked into his room and as Macy F walked into hers I hesitated. She turned around and asked me if I was going to bed. I told her I needed to talk to her dad about something. I was going to catch him quickly before he went to bed. I was lying and I don't know if she believed me or not. I really wanted to go in for personal reasons, though I don't know what I intended to say. I know I was very attracted to him. I was holding a LED pen. I had the light on and was using it as a flashlight though it doesn't seem like all the lights are out. I went into his room and it was as light as if it were daytime. He was in bed already, lying with his back to me. I asked if he would mind terribly talking to me for just a couple of minutes. He rolled over to face me and said that it was fine. I was surprised that there were no secret service agents around, but curious as to why there weren't. I told him I would just lie down next to him while we talked if that was okay. I climbed into bed next to him as I said it. We only spoke for a minute or two. He moved very close to me and I thought he was going to kiss me. Just as our lips touched he seemed to fall asleep. I thought this was very odd, and for some reason I was afraid that something was physically wrong. He was so still that I was very afraid that he had died. I didn't want anyone to know I was in there when it happened; maybe I was afraid someone would blame me. I slipped out of bed and went to my own room. The next morning Macy F and I and several other people are in his room. He is sitting up in bed, covered with blankets. Something had happened to him physically and he was now recovering. He was going to be fine. I was so relieved. I wasn't even sure if he remembered anything about the previous night. One of the people in the room is a housekeeper and there are 1 or 2 secret service agents in the room. He, Macy F and I are talking. I was feeling restless so I got up and began picking up the laundry that was scattered about his room and even on top of the blankets that were covering him. I was taking the clothing and rehanging it in his walk-in closet. The housekeeper came in and put some laundry on a big pile on the floor. I realized that because he is the president, if he only wears something for an hour or so they probably send it to be laundered. I took the things I had put on the hangers and put them on the pile on the floor. There were two very light, beige-colored suits. They seemed nearly identical. At first I thought that was odd but then again I realized that it wasn't that strange considering that he is the president. Even the suits went on the pile of clothing on the floor. I went back to his bed to pick up a few more things. He was lying down. As I reached down to pick up some of the clothing he placed his hand over mine. He barely had to move his hand at all to place it over mine. I turned my head slightly to the left and looked down at him. He smiled and in almost a whisper he told me I looked very pretty today. I wondered if he was just letting me know that he was aware of what happened the previous night and that he had tried to kiss me. Maybe he was just trying to very subtly indicate that he was attracted to me as well. I was concerned that Macy F might have heard him but then realized that she didn't.