I was someplace where there were a lot of other people. It had been raining and the area was flooded. I needed to get from one building to the other and the only way I could get there was by boat. There was no motor so I had to use oars. I didn't have trouble getting to the new location but found it much more difficult to get back. It started raining and storming again and the flooding water became very active and extremely dangerous. People were panicking and scrambling to figure out a way to save themselves from drowning. A lot of people were unsuccessful and died. Some family members present. In a two-story house. Someone brought me a crying baby. It wasn't an infant, but old enough to hold its head up and to almost sit up itself. It was a relative. I think it was a boy. The baby was in a seated position on my right arm. I gently pushed his head down against my shoulder while I began a rocking motion and stroked his head to calm him and help him go back to sleep. Someone offered to take him from me and I told him that it was fine. I said he was scared and just needed to be comforted until he fell back to sleep. I took him back into the house and up to the second floor. The storm had been causing a lot of internal damage. I was trying to clean up some of the damage even though the storm was still going on and still causing lots of damage. Matthew, as an adult, was there. I placed a drawer back in a dresser. As I did so Matthew walked out of the room and I broke down, saying that Matthew, referring to him as a baby, had died. I dropped face down onto the bed and was sobbing. Darren was standing at the doorway saying something to try to comfort me but he was making it sound like it was no big deal. This made me very angry. I continued to sob. The dream starts over from the beginning. This time I and a few other people know what's coming so we start doing things to try to keep people from dying this time. One of the locations where I was had something like a bomb shelter. They opened the door and were trying to encourage people to go in because they knew they would be safe there. Several people had small boxes of herbal tea bags with strings and the little square of paper attached as though they had been individually wrapped. They hadn't been though. They were telling people to reach into the box and take one per person as they would help keep them safe. I knew I didn't have one the first time around so I made sure to get one this time. I didn't feel the same fear this time. I was still feeling, emotionally and physically, the seriousness of the situation. I don't think I felt the same fear or anxiety. Maybe because I knew what was coming and we had a chance to prepare.