I have come home from a play or a costume party to a small apartment. I am expecting someone, a male, I think Desmond. I have a Little Bo Peep costume and hat on (like I wore for Halloween), only it's blue. I have lots of blue eyeshadow on my eyes. I go into the bedroom to a bathroom. I look in the mirror and like what I see. I decide to stay in costume for when Desmond comes over. It's later in the evening and I've been in the costume for many hours. My makeup feels itchy, so I go to bathroom number 2. I look in the mirror. I have blue make up all over my face and white highliner. I see some of the makeup is coming off. I decide to wash my face before Desmond comes. I will keep the dress and the blue feather earrings on though. I start to wash my face. My wheelchair is the toilet. It's messy. I think I should clean if off (shit). It's behind me as I stand at the sink. Every time I bend over to the sink, my dress brushes on the messy part. I get annoyed. The light bulbs are getting dim. I turn and pull a chain on one fixture. A small bulb barely lights up the place. I turn to the double sink and turn on the water, and scrub my face with soap and water. Most of the blue is gone and some of the red is smeared. I feel like I'm in a hurry to look pretty. The light bulb goes out. I see the sinks have overflowed onto the floor. I'm standing barefoot on soggy carpet with water to mid-calf. I pull the plug and all the water goes away. I look in the mirror again and pull many clips from my long hair which kept my hair up under my fancy hat. Now, it's nearly totally dark. I go from one light fixture to another, pulling their chains but all the bulbs are blown. I think, "I could go get new lightbulbs." They are in the closet but I can't seem to find the closet. I feel closed in by the dark. I grab my hat, put it back on, leave the room, remember my earrings, and decide not to go back to get them. I go to the bedroom (unused), and look in the mirror, then into bathroom #1. There are some Xmas cards taped to the door.