It was my first day on the job at the UI. I was to go in and work in the office. I met different people. Someone showed me to my desk. I talked to someone about business cards. One was all black with a graphic on the front with the text. Some of the text was white but not all. Some of it almost seems multi-colored. I was talking to John Mc along with other people. He said something about my finally getting hired there after all of the people I had informational interviews with there and having interviewed there five years ago. I told him how happy I was though I think he knew that. I told him how much I learned from the informational interviews. That I learned about organizations that I didn't even know existed, or learned so much about organizations that I didn't know prior to that. I used U of I as an example. He looked at me as though he didn't know what I meant. I referred to CELL and to CAC. I said I was particularly interested in CAC and the research and work they are doing there. I told him I still had hopes of finding a full-time position there. There were several people who were helping me get settled and get or find the things I needed. They asked me where I was working and I didn't know how to answer them. Later I realized that was silly. That I should have just told them I was going to be an adjunct professor for SAL. I don't know why I didn't think of that. Then I started wondering if I was in the wrong place and that if I had told them that they would have realized that too and could have helped me to find out where I needed to be or to get where I needed to be. I don't know if I really was in the wrong place or not. Apparently the person who should have been getting me oriented wasn't there that day so a number of other people were trying to help that person out and help me. Everyone was really nice. The office space was very crowded. There were several rows of desks and the vertical ends of each desk in each row were almost touching each other. I was going to be in the back row and the far left end, the second desk from the end. Doctor McIlvried's desk was to my right and another man to my left. The two of them were talking. I was thinking that it might make more sense for me to be on the end since these two have to work together a lot they would be able to talk more easily. I didn't think I should suggest it though because I didn't want to create waves on my very first day. I was noticing the people working and their interaction, thinking that I would fit in here very well and wouldn't have any problem getting along with people here. I changed from tennis shoes into other shoes. I was thinking about the fact that I was wearing jeans, even though they were my good jeans. Everyone else was wearing business casual but no jeans. I couldn't imagine why I wore my jeans on my first day of work when I typically don't wear jeans at all. I was only allowed to work 6 hours and it went by very quickly. I was just getting ready to sit down at my desk when I realized my 6 hours was up. I asked someone if I needed to clock out. They said yes and that they would show me where to do that. I was getting ready to go down an escalator but it wasn't like a normal escalator. There was a top on it and not very much of an opening between the escalator steps and the top. I realized I would need to either bend way back or lie down to be able to use it. Even so, I was worried about it. As I was facing the top of the escalator there lots of bookshelves, almost as if I was in a library, though it looked different than in waking life. A woman got on the escalator ahead of me. Now it didn't have a top on it. She was far enough ahead of me that I saw her get off at the bottom when I had only gotten down a little way. I watched her walk a few feet and then get on another escalator, this one going up. I thought this was odd since she had just gone down. Then I realized it must be the quickest way to get to that part of that floor. The escalator steps didn't look like waking life escalator steps. There was very little distinction between the "steps." They also seemed to be a mixture of gold, silver, and black and were very shimmery. 