Two workmen had come to the house to pick up two pieces of furniture that they were taking to get repaired. Or, the electronics that I keep on the furniture needed to be repaired but they were taking the furniture as well. When they showed up I hadn't cleared the knick-knacks and such off of them yet. They were starting to move them and I wanted to clear those things off first because I didn't want them to take it too. One of the men was taking the one piece that looked like my aquarium stand except that it had a back on it. I was trying to remove the things that were sitting on the lower shelf. He took it outside and I was trying to remove the things as he was rolling it out the door. I hadn't gotten my baby bank off it yet. Something stopped me and he got outside without me. I ran outside to chase him and I didn't see him. I was very upset because I didn't want him to leave with the baby bank. When I got outside there were four or more semi-trucks sitting at different places. There were people everywhere. I didn't see which truck the man took my furniture to. I asked someone and they pointed towards one of the trucks though they weren't sure. I asked someone else and they pointed to another. I was very upset and getting a bit panicked. I decided to go back into the house and just follow the man taking the other piece out because he would be going to the same truck as the first man. The second piece looked like the old entertainment center that was in Matthew's room for awhile. I was taking the stuff off of it. I realized that I had a lot of Christmas decorations attached to this one. Now it looks like the aquarium stand again only this time without a back to it. I'm taking the Christmas decorations off and surprised that they were coming off so easily. I was surprised that I had not put these things away with the rest of the decorations. It seemed that I had not put them away on purpose though, that I wanted to have a reminder of Christmas all year long. I noticed that there was a full-size Christmas tree there as well. It doesn't look like mine in waking life. The branches were sparse, small needles, and far enough apart that they didn't touch each other. It was an orange-brown color. It had hardly any decorations on it and the ones on it were very small. It was nothing like my tree normally looks. It was though I had just noticed that it was still sitting there.