I was at an SAID board meeting being held here locally. We were meeting in a very large room. It feels like it is part of my house. Nearly everyone was there. When we needed more chairs I told them they could pull in some of the dining room chairs. Some of the people were sleeping here so I don't see how it could have been my house. I don't have very many extra beds. Dallas K was talking to me about some idea that he apparently thought should be part of the sponsor committee. I asked them if there had been any discussion about forming a PR and Media committee. Whitney P was standing there. I saw her smile when I saw that. She told Dallas K that I was probably asking that because what he was talking about would be more a PR and Media function than sponsor committee. Anything related to sponsor committee is directly related to revenue generation and what he was talking about wasn't. He was talking about publicity or awareness activities. We must have taken a break because I went outside for a walk. The grounds looked like those of a public facility, though I'm not sure what. Maybe a university or a conference center. There were large grassy areas. There was one place that was a large cement area and it had a lot of chairs on it, mostly chairs. They were the height of bar stools but had backs on them. They looked like they might be made of wrought iron. There were also several very large round cement pillars. Maybe they were marble as they didn't look exactly like grey cement. They were probably 3-feet in diameter. There were so many chairs that they were all sitting very close together and I was trying to weave my way through them. 2 or 3 of them had the newer small laptops sitting on them, open and turned on as though someone was using. One of them I thought was probably Malachi B's because every year I see him sitting in that exact spot working. It seems that he had two young children there, a boy and a girl. When the meeting reconvened, some of us were sitting at a large round table. Every time the woman next to me had something to say she sang part of it. There was a piano in the room and someone playing it that accompanied her every time. At first I found this very annoying. But then I found it kind of amusing and it no longer bothered me. I realized who it was. It was someone whose name I recognized as being active for quite some time in SAID and highly respected by most. One woman entered the room dressed in something that gave the impression that she was trying to dress like a baby. She was tall and thin. She had on a headband that made it look like there was a pacifier sitting on top of her head. I wanted to get up and go use the bathroom. I opened a bottom dresser drawer and was moving things around looking for something in particular. It was a similar type of headband. I found it and I was going to put it on before I walked out of the room but I changed my mind. I needed to walk through the circle of people to be able to leave the room to go to the bathroom. At first I felt very self-conscious about this but then I decided not to worry about it. There were some silk fichus trees and some other types of silk trees in the room. 