Managing the hardware store. I was the manager of a hardware store. There were several people in the store, some customers and some employees. There was a very large box sitting at the end of one of the aisles on the floor, where an end cap would otherwise be. It had plastic toys in it, like sand buckets, 12-inch balls, and some smaller things that I don't know what they were. The largest of the small things were a little larger than the palm of my hand and shaped like a bowl. The small things were also more of a clear acrylic plastic and the colors were more saturated. There weren't that many things left in the box so I decided to take them out, stack them, and get rid of the box. I put the buckets inside each other. I don't know what I did with the balls. I had then dumped all of the small stuff out onto the floor and was sitting on the floor with my legs crossed, grouping the small items together and then stacking them. I put the largest ones on the bottom and then smaller on top or inside those. There was another small item that was different and couldn't be stacked with the bowl-shaped things. Then there were also three bags of "pieces" that went with something else, I think the small things. I decided I would just put the bags behind the counter and we could get the pieces out as we sold the other things. There was another employee, male, sitting on the floor nearby working on something else. A male customer approached the counter with something in a box that he had brought from home. Someone was with him. I got up and went to the counter and asked how I could help him. He told me what was in the box and that it was broken. He wanted to replace it. I didn't know anything about the item so I asked him to wait for a moment while I went to get someone who knew about these things so they could be more help to him. I went into the back of the store and there were several people, I think they were all men but I'm not totally sure, standing there talking. I told one of them specifically that he was needed out front to help a customer. I told him what the item was so he would know why I asked for him specifically. I went back out front. Another customer came up and asked about something else and this was something that I was able to help him with. 