I am in a Victorian home, sitting on a sofa. There is a small pile of vitamins and herbal supplements spread out on the sofa cushion next to me. I am sorting them and putting them each back into their appropriate bottle. Gary S is sitting in an armchair to my right. We are talking about reconnecting after so many years. He is saying something about his age and that he is physically not able to have intercourse anymore. I glanced at him, just from the corner of my eyes and had a half-smile on my face. I was thinking that it didn't have to be that way because I know someone older than him who doesn't have that problem and he doesn't take drugs to help him with that. He then sarcastically says that at least that's the latest he knows about men his age. I immediately think about the familiar sarcastic tone in his voice, knowing that it's not meant to be mean or ugly or anything like that, but that it is very typical for him. Now it's more like I'm daydreaming in the dream about him and wondering what it would be like to reconnect with him. I realize that he is thinking the same thing at the same time. I think to myself that it doesn't do either one of us any good if neither of us is willing to make the first move. Now I'm back at the house and he is talking about someone. I've not heard the name before and I think he is talking about a place because it's unusual and it never would have occurred to me that it was someone's first name. There are 2 or 3 other women in the house in the adjoining room. A young woman enters that room from outdoors. She is talking to the other women while she is leafing through her mail. Gary S and I go into that room. He introduces me to the young woman who just came in. It is his daughter, but not his waking life daughter. She doesn't seem very pleased to see me or meet me. I suppose she is suspicious of my relationship to her dad. He tells her my name when he introduces us but not how he knows me. I wonder if he has told her about me sometime in the past, but that would surprise me if he had. She is almost cold to me. She nods and continues looking through her mail. Then she leaves. I'm wondering about Kelly S, his waking life daughter.