I have all that I need. Initially there is no image. I am communicating with someone, though I don't know who or how. I mentally recognize that there are four things that I need to complete something. Whoever I am communicating with is trying to get me to see that I have what I need - that I have those four things that I need. Three of them I pretty quickly get that I have those. The fourth one I seem to be struggling with, understanding or seeing or believing that I have it. These four things aren't objects, nor do they seem to be skills or knowledge. What comes to mind is what I consider to be the four elements of wellness - mental, emotional, physical and spiritual. There is a sense of calm and confidence. Matthew and I are going to a fair at VE. He is driving. We come to a place in the road where three roads form a triangle. We are at one point of this triangle, so we could go right or left. Where we need to be is on the road that is running horizontal in front of us. That is where the entrance to the fairgrounds is, directly in front of us. For some reason Matthew just cuts across the triangle instead of taking the road to the right or left and then connecting to the other. He makes a comment about now being able to see why more people don't come here, because the entrance is (difficult, or hard, or dangerous or...). There is a few inch drop-off on both sides of the road. As he cuts across I see the one, but I don't think it's that bad. He is just inching forward as though he feels it is much worse than I think it is. I'm getting concerned that it is taking him so long to cross the road because we are now in a position that if a car came from either direction and was either driving too fast or simply not paying attention they would broadside us. I'm getting very nervous and anxious. I want him to just hurry and get off of this road. I wonder why he is taking so long and being so slow about it. Then I notice that the drop-off on the other side of the road is more significant and you can't actually see how significant until you get almost on top of it. That's the entrance part of the fairgrounds. It isn't a paved road that we are pulling onto from the road. It is just dirt and sparse gravel. That's part of the reason for the significant drop. There is also a quite a dip in the fairground road that we're pulling onto. If it were raining we wouldn't have noticed that dip because it would be filled with water and the water would mask the depth. As soon as we enter we're facing a fork in the road. He chooses to take the right fork. I immediately tell him that I don't think that is the way most people enter the fairgrounds because we seem to be in a livestock area. There are barns, hay bales, a few animals, livestock trailers, and not many people. I have an image of a breaker box on a wall, like the type of box that holds the electrical breakers in your house. On the right side of the box there appear to be two keys inserted. One near the top and one near the bottom. The part of the key that goes into the box seems to be typical in size and appearance, but the head of the key appears to be about an inch and half square, noticeably larger than the head of a normal key, and/or there is something that size attached to the key. There is a similar key inserted on the left side of the box, also near the top. The one that fits into the left side near the bottom is not there. It is either missing, or I have it and don't realize it, or I have it and just haven't put it in yet. 