I was at Mary Cu's house. She had asked me to go to there letting me believe I was going for one reason when that wasn't the case at all. Shortly after I arrived I realized she had invited me to introduce me to a cosmetic business she was involved in. She was hoping I would work for her. It had to do with selling cosmetics in homes. I wasn't even remotely interested in such a thing and was upset that she had misled me. Other women were arriving for the same reason. Someone close to Mary Cu, a female relative perhaps, was pointing out how Mary Cu had set up and decorated several rooms of her house to use for this business. They were done in pastel colors and very lacy and girlie looking. Each room had a specific purpose. She asked me if I agreed that they all looked very nice. I said yes they do. Mary Cu was going to show me around the rest of her house. As we were walking up a staircase I noticed there was another staircase to my right that almost didn't look real. It was very long and had several curves to it. It almost seemed to extend out into a vast space in the home without connecting to anything. Then I noticed beyond the top if it there were other staircases. I couldn't see where any of them started or ended. They were very colorful. I didn't want to use any of them because I was afraid I would get lost and not be able to find my way back. I was walking back to the main part of the house by myself. The rooms looked like they were something out of a high-tech movie. There was nothing in them. All I see is one wall of each room at a time. The walls are each a different color, very vivid colors like fuchsia, teal, and such. There also appears to be some kind of geometric pattern on each one, yet the color itself gives the appearance of something like a starburst, with the colors fading in circular pattern towards the outer edges of the wall. The walls kept moving in front of and behind me as if they were guiding me in a certain direction. There was always only one way for me to go. There were no doors. There was always just one opening created by a moving wall. Sometimes when the walls moved the opened to a scene of animals. At times the animals were real and off in a distance. One was a bunch of tigers or similar animals, lined up and all looking directly at me. Another time the wall was a picture of the head of a tiger and the head was as large as the entire wall. I just wanted to get my coat and leave. I finally got to the coat closet to get my coat and Mary Cu was there. She handed me a coat that wasn't mine. I had been wearing a knee-length, white, rabbit fur coat. She made some comment about why she was giving me this other one - which was a multicolored, shorter, fur coat. I didn't like the looks of it at all. But I realized the other coat belonged to her also so I really couldn't say much. The outside of the front of the house had a semi-circular drive and there were numerous vehicles sitting there and people milling about. I had some kind of problem with my car. Connie B and Glenn B were there. I asked them to help me but they wouldn't. I was very bothered by the fact that they wouldn't help me. Someone pointed to a vehicle that Mary Cu said I could borrow. It was a bright royal blue, beat-up, old pick-up truck. It seemed to have some kind of decorative painting on it but it was very abstract and just in some places. One place seemed to be a huge, red, circular design near the front of the truck. It was partially on the passenger side and partially on the hood. I definitely didn't want to drive a truck, and especially not this one as it didn't look at all dependable. I put my hand on it and realized it was very light. I moved hand and saw that I could lift the body of the truck with one hand. I decided that certainly couldn't be good. Then I realized what I could do so I could take my own car home.