Something to do with a condo that I had lived in. I was having a discussion with Matthew and it seems that I was defending my decision for us to have lived there. I was talking about all of the things that were good about living there. It might be that I was thinking about moving back there. Someone had just bought a condo there and was doing some major remodeling. The image almost looks as though they are up in trees, almost as though they are tree houses. I don't know how better to describe it. The parking spaces were underneath them in something that looked similar to a carport. One of them had quite a few different levels. Each level only seem to be one or two feet tall yet, they were described as places where different things were sold and someone described it to me and I said, oh you mean like knickknacks for autos. They said yes. The outside of those levels looked like grass huts. Then there was something about working with information that had nothing to do with anything like paper 10 computer talking to people audios. But there were four categories of information. It was as though the categories were four points on a spectrum. One end was reasons why I should live there. The other end was reasons why I shouldn't live there. The two categories in the middle were some degree of the other two. At least, that's the best I can describe it. We did look at the inside of any of these. But we did seem to be looking at the outside of a number of them, but not for the purpose of buying one. It was more just out of interest or curiosity. As we were doing this, every time I would come up with a piece of information that fit in one of these categories I would go back to someplace and add this piece of information. It's as though I'm looking at a list of things that I've collected. I start reviewing it and I see that there are some duplicates. They are worded slightly differently though. So I would change the wording on one of them so it was very clear and so it also incorporated the other one and then I would get rid of the duplicate. I said something to someone about something making it very clear to me that I needed to gather this information as I came across it and put it all together in one place.