I'm a patient in a hospital. I have a very large private room, large compared to waking life hospital private rooms. The door is on the wall facing the end of my bed slightly to my left. There is a large distance between the end of my bed and the door. I had either been asleep or I was just on the verge of falling asleep. A black man enters my room and heads straight towards me with the intention of harming me in some way. Just as he reaches the end of my bed, someone else enters the room and physically tackles him to the floor. Once these two people are out of my room I get out of my bed and go across the hall into another much larger room that has several beds in it. All of the bids had patients in them. I asked a nurse if I could sleep with one of the patients in that room that night. She was hesitant. But I pointed out that in one of the beds there is a very large poodle, dog, sleeping rather than a patient. There are several smaller dogs, I think they're puppies, also sleeping in that bed. The puppies aren't poodles. I tell her that that is the bed that I went to sleep in, so she agrees. I get in the bed and I am practically lying on top of the poodle. I am now a dog. I am telepathically communicating with this poodle. The poodle is not the mother of the puppies, yet she is nursing them. My initial communication with the poodle is about why I am there, why I wanted to sleep there. It feels safer or comforting. I don't know if I am communicating this to the poodle or if I am just thinking about how it feels to be laying there next to this big soft fluffy poodle. She is lying on her side with her paws stretched out to the side. She's very hungry. She never moves. Yet somehow she eats. As she does there is a liquid substance that comes out of her mouth. It is mostly clear but has white spots. This is an indication that something is wrong with her. I don't know if I actually say something to the nurse about this or if I'm just thinking about saying something to the nurse. This would indicate to me that I am now human. I'm having a conversation with this nurse about the 12 finalists from the last season of American Idol who were coming in to entertain patients at the hospital. There's something about having refreshments while they are there. The hospital staff is getting ready for their arrival. Just as they arrive we realize that there are no paper cups, paper plates, napkins, etc. I tell them that I have some that we can use and I think it's Taylor that says he will go with me to get them.