Bev and one or more of her children were spending the night at my house, though my house looked different than in waking life. Jody S and Jason S had come to the city where I live to go to the State Fair. It was much closer to my home than in waking life. Jason S wanted to watch a cannonball demonstration that was being held there. I was very concerned about the fact that this demonstration was being conducted and was telling Jason S this. I was especially opposed to it because it was so close to my home and I was concerned about the safety of my family members that were at my house while it was going on. As we were walking, I suddenly put my hand on his arm and stopped him, saying that I had just spotted a penny on the ground. When I bent down to pick it up I saw it was a quarter. Then I saw a 2nd quarter and then a nickel. Jason S had bent down as well and we kept finding more and more, mostly coins that were unusual and of higher value like one dollar coins. We were picking them all up and putting them in my pocket. Jason S was picking some of it up and handing it to me to put in my pockets. Since I was the one who spotted it he was going to let me keep it. I soon noticed a fence just a few feet in front of us and lined up along it on the ground were small piles of individual's personal belongings such as wallets. I realized that the people who were participating in the cannonball demonstration had emptied their pockets while they were participating in the event and had put everything from their pockets on the ground here along this fence. That's where the money we had found came from. It had just gotten kicked or somehow moved away from the fence. I began removing everything from my pockets and putting it in a pile close to the fence. Someone else said something to me about not needing to do this, but I said I wouldn't consider doing anything else now that I knew it wasn't just "lost" coins, like I would normally find on a sidewalk and such. The cannonball demonstration began. The people who were putting it on felt it was safe because they had a short row of targets that they were aiming at and because they had set up numerous rows of barricades leading from house. I wasn't convinced that someone wouldn't misfire or that a cannonball wouldn't go off course. Jason S made a slightly derogatory remark about a man involved with the demonstration, something about him not working. A woman said something to me about how upset this man was that someone had said such a thing, even though neither of them knew who said it. As she was telling me this I saw him sitting on the ground in a dark corner with his knees to his chest. He was sobbing because of what Jason S had said. I had suggested Jason S say something. I was pretty specific but can't remember now what I told him. But I also told him not to let anyone know that he is the one who made the original comment. Because the man was so upset I wasn't sure what he might do to Jason S if he found it that it was him who said it. We walked over to the barricades and I saw there were numerous gaps large enough for me to get through them to my house. I knew the people responsible for the event would be upset if I went through them, especially the man who had put them up and was already so upset. But I just wanted to get home. I had to bend over quite often to get through. There were numerous rows of different types of barricades, spread out into a fan shape. 