There was a woman passenger in a helicopter that was being flown over the ocean. The pilot was a man. The helicopter exploded and I thought to myself, that's what they call pink mist. But then I noticed there were also pieces of things that were also falling into the ocean. None of them were more than a few inches in diameter, or however such pieces could be described. I wonder if any of the pieces are body parts that someone might find and be able to identify. Now the front part of the helicopter seems to be intact and floating near the surface of the ocean, with just a small part of it above the surface. I see the pilot's hand reach out the window as if hoping would see it and help. Now there is much more of this part of the helicopter above the surface. The woman passenger steps out as though she has just walked up a few steps to emerge from the wreckage. She is a tall, slender woman, wearing a black pencil skirt and white blouse. Her clothing seems totally unharmed. But her face is almost totally marred, badly marred. Then I notice that there is a 2 or 3 inch vertical strip on the left side of her face by her ear that seems perfectly fine, not hurt at all. She stands and leans her back against the cockpit, as if waiting for someone to come along and rescue her. She is now at what appears to be a social gathering with about 20 people. There is a lot of discussion about the accident. A few people say things, not necessarily bad things, about the pilot. Just the type of things people might say when discussing such an event. Several people approach her and tell her what an excellent pilot he was and how sure they are that he did everything he possibly could have to avoid the accident. I don't know that she believes any of them. I sense that she feels almost numb from the experience and doesn't know what to think. She seems to be leaning with her back against a wooden rail, like you might see surrounding a wooden deck on a home or building. I am on the other side of that railing with Macy F. She points out a man and tells me that his name is Charlie [unknown in waking life] and says something about him not being a nice man - at all. She says I would like him even less than someone else, but I don't remember now who the other person was that she was referring to. 