I went to a parish council meeting. It was being held in a very large open room like ones typically used for large social events. There was something else going on in the same room, maybe more than one thing. I spotted the council members and walked over to sit down. They had set up chairs in a U-shape, with 2 or 3 rows in each part of the U. It was almost time to start and there were several other members who were just arriving. There weren't many chairs left so we were each trying to find a place to sit. With everything else going on in this room it seemed very hectic and loud. I was standing at one corner of the U and noticed an empty chair on the end of the other side so I walked around to take that seat. I leaned over and asked the person next to the empty seat if it was available and he nodded yes. In waking life there aren't this many council members and we always meet in small meeting rooms. I was co-chairing a committee and someone told me that my co-chair was not going to be at the meeting to help me with the presentation that she and I were scheduled to do together. I was bothered by this only momentarily. I had the handouts that we had intended to use as an outline to speak from so I knew I could use that and do the entire presentation myself in her absence. I had created PowerPoint slides to make the handout and attached them together in a report cover. It was the type of cover that businesses used to use to store computer reports when computers first came out and used the perforated, wheel-feed paper that had rows of holes on each side. The front and back of the report holder was a somewhat flexible, colored, coated cardboard. One end of each piece was folded in about an inch and had a metal clips. One of the metal clips had a round, plastic "tie" that went through the holes of the computer paper and then into the other metal clip to fasten the other cover the report to it. The ends of the tie were then folded down and to other metal bars were slid over them to hold them in place. But this one was the size of a standard letter mailing envelope. The cover was burgundy in color. I was sitting there flipping through the pages and Roger B was now sitting to my right. He leaned over towards me and told me that he liked these types of handouts, that he thinks they are very helpful. I nodded yes, indicating that I agreed with him. He was now flipping through it himself. He gets to one page where I have taped the PowerPoint onto the page, which now appears to be the same as the report cover. It had something printed on it in black font. I had attached the paper with a piece of tape just at the top so I could easily lift it up to read the text underneath it on the page that appeared to be like the report cover. It was a somewhat familiar quote, but one that I felt was a valuable and appropriate reminder for the point I would be discussing with this page. Roger lifted the paper and read what was under it. He pointed to the quote and by the way he nodded his head and the expression on his face he indicated how much he agreed with it. I had gotten up to go somewhere and walked around the end of the U and was heading away from the group of council members. I heard several people simultaneously calling someone in a loud whisper, as though they needed to get this person's attention but they didn't want to be disruptive. At first I ignored them but it was persistent and they seemed to be trying harder and harder to get the person's attention. I finally turned around out of curiosity. It was then that I realized it was me they were calling, but they were calling me by my first name which very few people do. I didn't think they even knew my first name. So I walked back over and leaned over to one of them to find out why they were calling me. I said something to them about using my first name rather than the name I go by. The person I was talking to said she had sent me several lengthy emails and didn't get a response from me. I told her that I hadn't received them. She said she had suspected that was the case. As we talked more, or I may have walked away and come back. Somehow I realized that even though she was correctly sending them to me they were somehow going to a mutual acquaintance with the same first name. We both found it very odd that would happen, as we didn't know how it would be possible. In another part of the room there are some JLI members working on something. I overheard what they were talking about and was thinking that what they were saying was either incorrect or based on them not knowing something that I knew, which may have included the fact that I used to work for their organization. 