I was at a large event where I knew many people. I was overseeing a table where I had people working and collecting money for something. There were a few times when I had gotten a bit aggravated by things a few of them had done. One thing was that they were allowing too much money too accumulate without having someone remove some of it to a safer location. I went over once and removed a stack of bills that was at least two inches high. I had taken most of the bills to put in a safe place but first just went to a different table to count it. Someone walked up and needed to talk to me away from there for a minute so I asked someone to watch the money for me, even though I was very uncomfortable with doing that. It was a man I was dating who wanted to talk to me. I knew he was aggravated at the moment because he felt I was spending time working when he felt I should be with him and his extended family. We went into a hotel sleeping room where his parents, a sister, and one or two other family members were gathered. They were discussing when they were going to have their family Christmas gathering, trying to find a date when everyone was available. While they were discussing dates they were also doing a name exchange for gifts. They had put the names in something that looked like a gift tin. It was about twelve inches in diameter but had something decorative on top. The thing on top was almost like a pillow, though not very thick. It was very girly. I was sitting cross-legged on the floor next to my boyfriend. He might have been my fianc_. They wanted me to draw a name from the can first. Someone brought it to me and lifted one side of the lid off just far enough for me to put my hand in a draw a name. I reached as far into the middle of the can as I could. The things inside didn't feel just like paper. So I was feeling the different things inside to use how they felt to decide which one to pick. As they continued to talk about dates I could tell they were frustrated with me, so was my boyfriend, because my schedule seemed to be the hardest one to find a time that would work. I felt bad but there were certain things that I felt I couldn't work around. I was struggling with choosing between family and business. I really felt that I needed to get back out to the tables but didn't want to upset this family further by telling them that or by leaving until they were ready for me to leave. There were two other women who were interested in my boyfriend and had been flirting with him and hoping to get him away from me. I was feeling threatened and unsure as to whether I could trust him. I worried that he really was doing something with these other women. I was concerned that he was going to leave me for one of them. I thought they were much more attractive than me so why wouldn't he rather be with them. And, they weren't torn between him and other commitments. I went into a bathroom and one of those women was there. She was trying to convince me that he was leaving me for her. She was tall, thin, and had long, beautiful, black hair. He came in and didn't want me to believe her. I saw a tall can of deodorant sitting there. I don't know if it was because of something I noticed or because of something she said, but I wondered if it belonged to this woman and my boyfriend. I finally asked him, though it might have just been an inquisitive look that I gave him. He finally admitted it.