I was in my home, though it doesn't look like it does in waking life. I was looking out the patio door. There was a large flowerpot sitting on the deck. It was filled with dirt but there were no flowers growing in it. I noticed that Matthew had put four brownies on it and there was a squirrel sitting on it picking pieces off of one of the brownies and eating them. There another woman in the house at the time, not a relative. She said something to me about this. I said that I should tell Matthew that when he does something like that he needs to take them much further out into the yard so it doesn't attract the squirrels to my flowers. I was concerned that after the brownies were gone they would come back to the same spot and dig for my flower bulbs and eat them because I know squirrels naturally do that. This woman and I brought the brownies back into the house and were eating them ourselves. We are talking to someone else, another woman, maybe more than one person, about some things that are being done to the house. This third woman had requested that an awning be installed over the patio doors, but on the inside. She thought it would be a cool decorative look. I didn't like the sounds of it at all but didn't say anything because I didn't want to seem uncooperative or negative. It was going to be made out of blue and white stripped fabric and it would be the width of the patio doors. The patio doors seem to be off a family room and the family room area seems to be at a higher elevation than the rest of that room or area. It's fairly small, with room for only 2 or 3 chairs. There are now 3 other women, who live on our street, in the family room area with myself and the first woman. Two of them are sitting on the step that leads up to the family room. One of them is sitting in a chair to my right facing the other two and the fifth is standing near the patio door. We're talking about various things. I'm thinking about how great it is to finally have women friends from my neighborhood again. We must have decided to go out to eat because we are going to have dessert but decide to share it. One of the women gets up and goes to a counter very close to our table to get silverware. As she is getting it I tell her we need 4 forks and 1 of something else. She says something jokingly and everyone smiles. Apparently she hadn't gotten enough and had gotten one of the wrong thing but had already gotten it before I had finished my sentence. She went back and got what I had told her we needed. When she came back I realized that we actually needed five forks. Rather than admit my mistake I just decided to tell the others I didn't want any. But then I realized that I had a fork on the table in front of me and I could just use it. 