I'm walking up some long cement stairs to get to school, carrying lots of things. Gordon (a counselor) walks with me. He jokes about how old he is now and how he needs to walk slowly. He hugs me in a fatherly way. I slip and fall back down some stairs. He slips too. We lay on the stairs laughing and I think, "How sweet of him to go to all the trouble to make me feel O.K." We get up and start gathering up the scattered things we were carrying. A woman helps us carry the Xmas gifts, scotch tape, calligraphy pens and ink. Gordon goes on ahead. I get to the top of a glassed-in bleacher and a wonderful show is performing, grand costumes and musical comedy stuff. I'm aware that I'm wearing a sexy playboy bunny suit and a red sexy coat. I then feel someone nestling up behind me. Now we're sitting on the same chair. I look. It is Ethan. He puts a Xmas gift from him to me in my pile of things. As we watch the performances, he makes director's remarks. At one point, there are 2 complete productions going on at once. He says he sees no point to that unless one is entertainment for the other. I comment that perhaps it's because of the placement of the windows at angles. Some of the crowd sees one, some see the other. He concedes that I may be right. I keep looking at my watch. I don't want to be late for my class I am teaching. Then, there is yet a 3rd performance way down on the football field. Huge people are dressed in fancy fur costumes. Some ice skate and some comedy relief happens. Then I say, "I must go." Before I can leave, Ethan's class comes to him. He stands up in front of me and them. I am aware (I'm standing), and that my playboy bunny suit is larger and just hangs on me. It's not so sexy now. I'm embarrassed and try to cover it up. A girl in class asks if the cleaning of a wig can be done for free. She says a friend of hers has 2 wigs that are soiled and she brings out a letter to read, written by the girl. She is in tears because she realizes that she shouldn't read this private letter in front of the class. I start to leave (after Ethan lectures about acting technique, looking at me as he talks). I get my red coat on and start to pick up my packages. Ethan comes over. He says, "Is anything wrong?" I say, "No, it's just that my suit looks really funny right now and I'm embarrassed." He says, "I noticed but it's O.K., you're fine." We smile. I pick up his Xmas present to me and open it. It is body paints. He laughs and opens them and starts to paint my face and he starts with the yellow and white. We're somehow in a moving car, but neither of us are driving, or maybe Ethan is and doesn't have to look at the road often. He gets some of the paint in my mouth. It tastes funny. He says, "Don't worry, it's not toxic." I spit it out in a hanky anyway. We laugh. I have become his mistress, as he is married.