I was at a social event, but I don't know what it is or where. The event is nearly over so some of us begin helping with cleanup. There is a lot of stuff sitting on some of the tables. A lot of it is partially eaten food that people have sat down or let sit and some of it not even on plates or napkins. Somebody had set a partially eaten piece of chocolate cake down on the tablecloth. They were plastic tablecloths but I still thought it was pretty bad manners. There were two rectangular tables sitting end-to-end but not touching. I was clearing off one of them when I noticed on the one to my right there was a rectangular sheet cake tray. It was gold and looks like the one I have. Some of the cake was left. I noticed from the corner of my eye that a man walked up, picked up a white plastic knife and cut a very thin piece of the cake for himself. Then he used the knife to put it in his mouth and places the knife right back on the tray by the cake for others to use. He comes back a couple of times and does the same thing. It's bothering me because I think it's very unsanitary. I don't think he could have done that without the knife coming into contact with his tongue or lips. I finally say something to somebody who is helping with cleanup. They don't think it's a big deal because they think he could have done it without the knife touching his tongue or lips. The next time he comes back and does it again this other person I was talking to watches him and sees that the knife does in fact touch his tongue or lips. At any rate he just keeps coming back and doing this until the cake is gone. When he started doing this there was nearly half of a sheet cake there. At first I don't pay attention to even look and see who he is. As he is coming back for the final piece of cake I'm standing at the other side of the table so I'm face-to-face with him this time. Then I realize that I know him I tell the other person that I'm working with that I know this man. Just as I finish saying this he gets to the table and reaches for the last piece of cake. I debate whether or not I should say hello because he doesn't seem to recognize me. I finally decide that I should at least say hello. I extend my hand and as I do I say my name to make it easier for him to act as though he remembers me. He reaches out and shakes my hand and just nods his head at me as if to say, oh yes I remember you. At the same time he is turning his head to the right to listen to a child that is talking to him. But he doesn't actually say anything. I am now sitting behind the same table and he sits down across from me. I was as bit offended by the way he reacted because I thought it was quite cold but I also interpreted his response, or lack of, to mean that he had a negative opinion of me for some reason. Now, several of my family members are helping to clean up. There is one large open cardboard box that has a number of different things in it and sticking out the top that look like it's a box of trash. I see fairly a large Christmas decoration in it and think that surely BJ did not intend to throw that away. I meant to ask her but for some reason kept putting it off. The third time I looked at it I realized that it's broken and that's why she is throwing it away. As I continue cleaning up I see that she is throwing away two or three other Christmas decorations. I notice that each one has some part of it that has something to do with water. Like, they have tubes on them that water runs through. I don't know how better to explain that. It seems very odd for Christmas decorations to have anything like that. They were the kind of decorations that you would display outdoors or hang on a wall or sit on a table. Kim H is working closest to where I am but Jody S is there also. BJ and her daughters and I are all now sitting in the living room, most of us sitting on the floor. I have no idea whose home we're in because we're all getting ready to leave there to go home. We're discussing taking care of or raising children. I think Jody S's twins prompted this conversation. I'm noticing how tired Jody S looks.