Back to school. I am taking classes at a college. I am explaining to several of my instructors that I am actually working on my Ph.D. but that I need to complete this so that I can get my Ph.D. I say this in response to some of them questioning my being there because of my age, as do some of my students. The environment itself looks more like a high school. The classes that I am taking are a writing class, an art class and a third one that I can't remember. While I am in the writing class something happened to cause a disruption to the entire class. Everyone was involved in it. Once it was over we realized there was only a few minutes left in class and we still had a writing assignment to complete before leaving. I don't know if it was just a few paragraphs or what exactly. The instructor said we could not leave until we did it and turned it in to her. For some reason, I was involved in this disruption longer than the others. The bell rang indicating that class was over but I had still not started my writing assignment. The instructor was still being insistent on my writing it and turning it in to her before I left. I sat down and was trying to write very quickly. Even so, I was late for my next class. I was in the hall and looking through the door windows of the various classrooms trying to figure out which one I was supposed to be in. Once or twice I opened a door thinking that it was the right room and as soon as opened the door I saw that it wasn't the right room after all. The people in the room towards the door as they heard it open. I felt uncomfortable and embarrassed, quickly closing the door and moving on. I finally did find the right room. I entered the room and mouthed an apology to the instructor. They were watching a video. I had to walk across the front of the room to get to the only empty seat. I bent over to try to avoid blocking the video but was unsuccessful in that effort, even though it was only for a second or two. The instructor didn't seem any too pleased by the disruption. For the art class, I don't think that I was actually late, but I may have just been the last one into the classroom. The instructor approached me and explained the assignment. The best way I can describe it is that we were duplicating some images that looked like Chinese text. There were a number of jars of paint that were placed in a vertical holder of some kind with two columns and two jars in each row. The entire thing, even the jars of paint looked white, yet each jar of paint was a different color, with one being black. Though it too looked white. The angled paint brush reminds me of a calligraphy pen. I duplicated my first symbol and the instructor said something to me about how good it was. She seemed surprised by how good it looked and how it seemed so easy for me. With just two strokes I had duplicated this image almost perfectly. She asked me how that was possible. I told her that it appears to me that there are very faint lines in the image. They aren't readily noticeable but if you look closely at the image you can detect them. I said that it seemed to me that they were probably created by the brush. This made me realize that if I held the brush with the bristles at the correct angle to the paper I could easily achieve the same look, creating the lines going in the same direction. That's what I did and it seems to have worked. I went ahead and finished the assignment. Some of the paint jars were empty so I substituted other colors for the ones I was actually supposed to be using. The instructor wasn't very happy that my colors were incorrect and asked me why they weren't. I told her it was because some of the paint jars were empty. She asked me why I didn't just say something about the jars being empty. I don't know that I had an answer for her or if I was even thinking to myself why I hadn't. To not say anything would be typical for me as I wouldn't want it to seem as though I was complaining, criticizing or being difficult in any way. I tend to make the best of what I have and not want to bother anyone. I think the art instructor has a teaching assistant. She asked the assistant to replace the empty jars of empty but it turned out that they didn't have any more jars of this color to replace the empty ones with. This made me feel better about not having said anything about them being empty, since now I know they couldn't have done anything about it anyway. As it is time for class to be over the instructor is telling me specifically because the other students apparently already know this, but she is telling me because I am new there that our next class is going to be held in a different location. She wants to make sure that I know where it is and that I don't have trouble finding it. She tells me but I'm not familiar with it. I've not heard of it before. I tell her I'm sure I can find it if she just gives me directions and I will be there on time. For some reason I think it is some place that I need to drive to. She decides to walk me over there to be sure I know where it is. When we arrive she is talking to someone who oversees this particular facility. It turns out that we are not going to be able to have our class there so I'm glad that we have walked over there together. Otherwise I might have shown up and no one be there and I wouldn't have known what to do or where to go next. Sometime during all of this, maybe this is what was happening during the writing class, a student was leaned way out an open window. It's raining outside. We find out that he is trying to rescue a very small dog. The dog might be twelve inches tall, if that. It's a mature dog but nonetheless very small body. I think it has white fur but maybe is so dirty that it looks more grey. The student finally gets the dog, lifts it inside the classroom, and sets it on the floor. The dog walks around the room, not slowly but not running either. I can tell that it is trying to shake the water out of its fur the way a dog would normally do but seems unable to do that. I say something about this to the instructor who is also observing the dog try to do this. We realize that it has some physical problem that is preventing it from being able to do that. I think to myself that this is kind of like me when something happens to me and I can't seem to shake it. I am following two or three instructors down a hallway. Both walls of the hallway have banks of lockers lining the wall. They have padlocks hanging on them. As we're walking at least one of the instructors occasionally reaches out to her left and does something with some of the padlocks. I don't know if she is just testing to see if they are locked or if she is moving them so they hand straight or maybe she is turning the way they are hanging so the numbers are facing the front. There was also something about parking or a parking lot(s). 