The location is California, right along the coastline. I don't know the people involved and I wasn't involved nor do I have any sense of being present or observing until the very end. Something is happening with the ocean. It is just hours or less away from beginning to put the land completely underwater a little bit at a time. I say a little bit meaning less than a mile at a time. One man realizes what is going on and is trying to tell an authority figure so he can warn the people who live there and give them instructions so they can save themselves and their families. He is convinced this is going to happen at such a rapid pace that people need to be warned immediately so they can leave immediately to one of the more central states. Though, he isn't sure just how far in they will have to go to remain safe. The man he is trying to tell won't believe him so he won't do anything. I'm wondering if people from my home state will be safe since they are so far from an ocean. The man decided that the safest thing for he and his family, he had just one child at the time, would be to live on a boat that he believed would remain above water regardless. Just as the man expected, parts of the shoreline begin to disappear under the ocean, along with everyone who had been living there. It is now years later and the man and his family are still living on the boat with no sign of land anywhere. They have begun to wonder if there is land anywhere anymore, or any other people left on earth. They realize that if they are it will mean the end of the human race since their children will not be able to procreate. He and his wife now have four children. They have raised them all on this boat. The older two are a boy and a girl, now close to being teenagers or in their early teens. They are arguing about something and finally tell the younger two that they need to talk to the parents alone. The younger two go below to the cabin of the boat while the older two talk with the parents. They spot land very near and are very soon docking their boat. Just off the dock is a huge building. It reminds me of a very stately, old, stone building. It has steps that run the entire width of the front of the building with occasional very, large, round pillars supporting an overhang. The building is perhaps 3 stories tall. The land and building seem completely unharmed. Then they see that there are people there. They don't know what this place is so they cautiously approach and enter the building. There are many people there, not all related. Perhaps it's a hotel of some sort, though not like any I've ever seen in waking life. On the inside of the building, the outer walls are lined with rooms. A few feet from the doorways of the individual rooms there is something to create a division, maybe more pillars but smaller in diameter and not quite as tall, between the small rooms and the immense open area that makes up the rest of the floor. The floor itself was a beautiful stone, perhaps marble. From where they stand they can see up to the 3rd floor. The center of the building is open all the way up to the roof, and the outer walls are lined with individual rooms on each floor. They see people walking about on each floor, tending to their day as if nothing had happened. There is no sense as to whether they even know what has happened. A small-stature, middle-aged woman with graying blonde hair approaches them and greets them with a warm smile and welcoming words. She has very kind eyes. While she may not know what has happened she can tell they are in need of a safe and comfortable place to stay, someone where they can feel cared for. She invites them to stay, and says they will have the third floor to themselves for as long as they need. As they enter the third floor it now looks different in that the center area is no longer open to the lower two floors. It has the appearance of a well-appointed, plush perhaps, old world residence. The family is torn in their feelings, as it would feel so incredibly good to be enveloped in such luxury after the experience of their recent years, yet they also feel uncomfortable at accepting such a gift, perhaps feeling undeserving or out of place. There is a staff of people who work there and care for the physical surroundings. Some of them also help to care for some of the people there. They will be caring for this family any way possible. I am now in the dream and talking to a woman on the staff. I'm telling her how much pain I've been experiencing in my right hand and I wished I had someone who could or would massage it. I tell her that I know it wouldn't help much but that it might at least provide a little relief. She immediately walks away and returns with some things in her hand and tells me that she is going to massage my hand. I hesitate but quickly realize that it's useless for me to protest so I just submit. She has some kind of special gel and a plastic glove that she places on my hand and begins to massage it. I can't believe how good it feels. She addresses each of my fingers, one by one, and with each one I feel a dramatic release of the pain. The middle-aged woman walks up and I explain why the woman is massaging my hand and tell her just how much it is helping. The look on her face tells me she doesn't really believe that it is helping that much or that it feels that good. The woman finishes with my hand and I convince the middle-aged woman to allow her hand to be massaged in the same way. She very quickly realizes that I was not exaggerating at all. 