A getaway to the mountains. Some of the group are going out to go skiing and snowboarding. Matthew is one that is going out. Some who knows the area, maybe someone who works at the facility, says it is extremely cold out and they need to dress in three layers. They did this but Matthew isn't too happy about it because he doesn't think he'll need it. I told him that he can always take a layer off when he's out there if he doesn't think he needs it and then he'll have it if he changes his mind and wants the third layer on. I'm talking to several people about my job search. Some members of my family, including Bob F and Bev, are sitting at a very large, round table. There are papers everywhere on it, some of them in piles that are three or four inches high. There are papers and pocket folders related to job search among the papers on the table. I tell them one in particular that I'm looking for and they begin ruffling through to find it for me. Someone pulls one out and someone else tells them that isn't the right one. Then someone else finds the right one. There are two people, one male and one female, there from companies that I have applied to. I find out that one of the companies is not what they said they were and I realized immediately that it was a company that I would not work for. They are both very wearing very strange things on their heads, each different. They aren't hats really, but they are wearing them as though they are. The thing on the man's head can best be described as looking like a type of bird house but it has little things attached to the outside of it. One of the things is like a tiny propeller that is spinning very rapidly. I'm going to be giving a talk about dreams. The room is very deep and not very wide. A woman comes in asks about something I might need. I ask her how many people she is expecting to attend and she replies that it could be anywhere from 25 to 100. I tell her that if there are 100, with the room shaped as it is, I will definitely need whatever it is that she asked me about for the sake of the people in the back. I said it would be too hard to try to get so many people to fill all the front seats so everyone is as close to the front as possible. Maybe it was a microphone, but it might have been something that would allow the people in the back to see better. I looked at my watch and it was about 18 minutes before the hour so I knew I had about fifteen minutes more before I needed to begin. I don't know what hour. A man taking care of AV needs was standing in the middle back of the room behind an AV equipment cart. A woman came in and set up refreshments on a table along side him. Mostly they were huge cookies, about the size of a dinner plate. I looked over at the AV man and he lifted a plate of cookies off the table and motioned to me that we could not allow the guests to have those. I walked over and saw that plate was chocolate chip cookies. I was so hungry because I had missed a meal so I took one and walked back to where I was preparing. Because the cookie was so large I folded it in half. Then I broke a piece off and put it in my mouth. I looked at my watch again and I thought it said the same thing that it said earlier. I became concerned that my watch had stopped and that I didn't have much time left. I looked up at the wall to see if there was a wall clock. There was and it said two minutes past the hour. Now I was panicked because I wasn't ready. Just as I realized this a spotlight of sorts had been turned on at the front of the room and there is a woman there beginning to introduce me. I quickly grabbed a pile of materials, sat my cookie on top of it and hurried to the front of the room while she continues with the introduction. I put the pile of materials on an AV cart that I will be using for my presentation. The woman says something to me as she notices me fumbling about. I told her I just need to pull out some of the materials and the ones I need first aren't on the top of the pile. I said something about having the cookie there because I had missed my meal. We hear a marching band outside. I smile and begin acting as though I'm marching. I comment how much I love marching bands and how great this one sounds. It's the PLU marching band.