I'm on a bus headed home from somewhere. There are a lot of people on here that I went to high school with. Tony S and Dorothy S and their girls are on the bus as well. I'm sitting in the very first seat. I think in the bus are bench seats but none of them have backs on them. I was thinking that I would get home faster if I was driving myself. So I was watching for a particular exit because I knew that from this particular exit I would also be comfortable driving myself home. It was starting to get dark outside. Jeff L came up and sat down next to me. It wasn't until then that I even realized that he was on the bus. I was so excited to see him. We both stood up and hugged and kissed each other on the cheek. We sat back down. He was sitting to my left. I was sitting on the right side of the bus right next to a window. He didn't sit right next to me though. There was enough space between us that another person could've sat there. He looked over at me and said, so you and Darren are still together? I nodded my head yes as I said yes, and then bit my lip to keep from crying. He noticed that something was wrong and said, uh oh. I just looked at him with a kind of sideways glance and he knew that we weren't going to stay together. He kind of nodded his head towards the back of the bus and pointed a finger towards the back but not where anyone could see it and said, no one else knows? I shook my head no. And then I said not even Darren. But I am so happy to see Jeff L that I don't want to have this kind of a conversation with him. At least not right now. I noticed on his ring finger that he wasn't wearing his wedding ring. There is a mark on his finger where he used to where it almost as though he was wearing a cheap ring and it tarnished and left a blackish green mark on his finger. I reached over and pointed to his hand and asked him where his wedding ring is. His jacket had been lying next to him on the seat and he picked it up and said it's in here indicating that it was in one of his jacket pockets. I said, well that's great that you and Gail H are still together. Though, even though he and Gail H dated for quite a few years I don't know if that is actually who he ended up marrying. He nodded yes. I think I said and you're still happy together that's really great. I asked him if they had any children but I don't remember if he responded. Something happened to the bus and we are now stopped at what looks like a rest area. We had been driving on the interstate. There are quite a few people standing around the bus including the bus driver. There's quite a bit of traffic going by very close to where everyone is standing. It turns out that the problem is something with one of the headlights. Somebody is telling us that it is going to take quite a while to get this headlight repaired. We can get back on the road until it gets repaired. I think we have to wait for someone to bring us a replacement headlight so they can replace it there before we get back on the road. We have to get it fixed before we can get back on the road because it's already fairly dark out. I was looking out the window again. When I realized where we were, I thought I could get home faster if I just walked. I said this to someone who was in charge of this event. She agreed with me and said that there were a number of other people who were saying the same thing. She said if any of us wanted to do that we wouldn't need to take our luggage with us, they would deliver it to our homes. I had four small, light weight items with me besides my luggage so I was going to carry those with me. I get off the bus and I set my things on the ground. Now it seems that I am with Dorothy S and she is unloading the back of her vehicle. The vehicle is either an SUV or a pickup truck. She is unloading her things and my things. The vehicle is pulled into a garage. But the main garage door is opened. I'm thinking that there is no way that she can walk home with all of the things that she has and I wouldn't be able to help her because she has things that are so big they are almost bigger than I am and they're so heavy I can hardly pick them up anyway. One of the things I can best describe as a very large fabric bundle. It is somewhat square and about three to four feet wide. It's also fairly thick, six or more inches at least. When she picked it up she also picked up a small red cooler at the same time. That was one of my things, one of the four things, that I decided to carry with me. It's empty so it doesn't weigh hardly anything. So I didn't think it would be a problem to carry home. Then the woman who is in charge of this event walks up and I point to the things that I'm going to carry with me and I tell her that I'm going to go ahead and walk home because that's all I have. They are lightweight so it will be no problem for me to carry them with me. I also have a pair of tennis shoes and a pair of socks sitting there with it. I'm sitting someplace else, and I may be having a conversation with someone. The woman had walked away and I am inside some building doing something. It begins to or down rain. I realize that my things are sitting outside and getting wet. At first I don't get up and go after them. But eventually I do because I especially don't want like tennis shoes and socks to get all wet because I want to be able to put them on to walk home. I don't have an umbrella but I'm still thinking about walking home even though it's pouring rain. When I went out to get them I saw that someone, I think it was this other woman, had set them inside the garage so they wouldn't get all wet.