I'm in my apartment bedroom, with someone else (female, don't know who), while a delivery is being made somewhere and there's a truck parked outside my window. It's so big that I'm seeing the underpinnings of it or something - but it's bright daylight and the truck doesn't block the sun. My room is larger and arranged strangely, with (beds?) across the width of it, and somehow making it difficult to get to the window. The other person is standing at the window and calls to me that the kittens have gotten out the window and into the truck - that is, part of the metal stuff of the truck makes a hole that they jumped into from the windowsill. There are 3 kittens, they seem to be MB's, at least one is black and white too, the others aren't the same - one may be and white but I'm not sure. I think the other's all black. They all have names but I couldn't recall them when I was thinking about them, except one's called Trouble, I think. I'm quite upset about them getting on the truck, it might leave and they'd get hurt, or they'd fall to the ground where they are. I tell my companion to get them back and I make my way over there myself. She's got one back in already and then another and the black one falls down. Which doesn't put me in a complete panic but I'm into Emergency mode and I know I have to go get it at once, which is not all that simple under the circumstances, with the furniture in the room. (There also seems to be an opening in the floor, which makes it necessary to climb over the furniture.) I'm also terrified that MB got on the truck too and either fell down herself or will, and she'll be harder to retrieve - but as I get to the door of the bedroom, I see she's here after all. I also don't know how we're going to keep them from doing this again. [Shutting the window didn't occur to me.] (By the way, the distance to the ground looks longer than it really does and the kitten could really have gotten hurt, but I looked down and there were things down there to land on and I didn't think it would be desperate.)