I'm attending a family function. BJ leaves to go home driving her car. Well she's in her old white car. I leave also, driving my car in following her to her house because I don't know how to get there from where we are. At one point we are driving along side each other carrying on a conversation yet it seems as though we're sitting next to each other. However, who were because she keeps turning to look at me when she is speaking to me she also is tending to move her steering wheel in that direction causing her car to get even closer to mine. I become very concerned that one of these times she's actually going to side swipe me. Because she's driving very close to me as it is. But I don't think she notices how close she is or what she's doing when she turns to talk to me. Doing this causes me to turn my steering wheel a bit to avoid her hitting me which causes me to run off the road a little bit several times. I finally say something to her and she gets back over in her own lane. But then she takes off and gets way ahead of me. At one point she just drives across some grass to get on the highway she wants to be on. I'm very uncomfortable with this, but feel like I have to do the same because I need to stay behind her or I won't know how to get to her house. I'm in her car with her and she pulls all to the side of the road at a place where there are numerous interchanges at one place. And she's trying to figure out how to get on the section of highway that she needs. We have seen someone driving very fast down one lane that appears to be a one way lane. There's a worn placed in the grass between us and where that lane is, that looks like a lot of people have used that to get over there. So she decides that's what she's going to do and that she's just going to do it very fast to try to avoid getting caught or causing an accident. It is dangerous. I ask her if I should go get in my own car and she agrees that that's a good idea. That way when I do get to her house I will be able to leave whenever I'm ready without needing to get a ride back to my car. There is a large Whiteboard hanging on a wall and someone has used a green marker and written on it. It's relative to this same dream. It seems to be directions. There are also two white metal chairs, the kind that mother and daddy have on their patio. They are sitting parallel to the Whiteboard.