I had gone shopping. It was very early morning, still dark outside. First I was at a fabric store. It was a very expansive store with aisle after aisle of fabrics and the perimeters of the store were also lined with fabrics. The fabrics along the walls seemed to reach to the ceiling. There wasn't very much room to walk in the aisles, especially between the walls and the ends of the rows of fabrics. I was riding in something, maybe like the kind of scooter someone who couldn't walk well or far would use. I was having difficulty getting it around corners since the aisles were all so narrow. Someone offered to help once but I told her I was managing. Next I was at a store something like Linens N Things. I was buying several things. I went to pay for my things and the cashier, female, rang them up. One of the things I was buying was a box of dishes that was on sale for $35.96. The box was about 12 inches square and about 5 inches tall. When she gave me the total of my purchases it was a little more than $36 more than it should have been so I told her I thought she had accidentally rung up the dishes twice. She removed a set of dishes from the bill and then handed me a receipt. When I looked at it the dishes weren't on there at all. Then I realized that when she had rung them up they didn't ring up at the sale price. She called the manager to the front of the store. He was not a nice man at all, very rude. He was close to 6 feet tall with thick black hair. I would guess him to be in his mid to late 30's in age. He just looked down at me while I tried to explain what had happened he asked me how often I shop at their store. I was silent for a few seconds, completely surprised that he would ask that. Then I asked him if he was implying that he was only going to take care of this if I was a regular customer. He didn't say anything but I could tell that was the case by the look on his face. I was shocked. Without paying for my things or taking any of them I turned and started to walk out of the store. Just before I walked out the door I stopped, turned around to look at him, and said, I'm not a regular customer any more. Then I left walked out the door. I could tell by the look on his face that he really didn't care that he had just treated a customer like this. My behavior wasn't without room for improvement as I led him to believe that I had been a regular customer when in fact I wasn't. I tried to justify in my head what I had said by thinking that I could have become a regular customer if my first experience there had been better. It is still dark outside and I am walking to my car. There aren't that many cars in the lot because not too many people shop that early in the morning. Most of the cars are in one row, the outermost row for parking. I parked in this row, a little distance from the store, which is typical for me. The parking lot wasn't very well lit and I was having trouble seeing my car. I walked past it twice before I finally saw it. As I driving out I realized they had made changes in the layout of the parking lot to improve traffic flow when I found myself needing to get over to my right to exit the lot. There was a cement wall, or something similar, that was a few feet high, to my left. The change had apparently not been recent because there was nothing around that made it look as though construction was going on. There were quite a few cars exiting so I had to wait for someone to let me go in front of them so I could exit. I was noticing that everyone seemed to be turning right at the exit. I am in another store with one or two friends. We are at the register paying for our purchases. There is another customer standing behind us. I'm telling my friends about what happened to me at the other store. There were somewhat surprised at how the manager treated me but not completely. My friends and the other customer were agreeing that stores just don't seem to treat customers the way they once did. While we're talking I'm watching a receipt come up from one of the grey credit card machines that are common in stores. The female cashier handed it to my friend. We are in the parking lot. It is still dark. None of us have parked near the other. We're parked in a manner that forms a triangle. Both of my friends have the same name, Anna. One of them said something about the three Anna's and suggested we do the same thing we used to do. Our vehicles weren't cars, or perhaps I should say they remind me more of a kind of toy vehicle a parent might buy for their child. We were all in our vehicles and one of my friends said hello in a singing tone. Then the other one said hello in a singing tone an octave higher. Then I did the same, yet another octave higher. This is what the one friend meant when she suggested we do what we used to do. We are going to go someplace else. They are both dressed considerably more casual than I am so I tell them that I want to go home first and change into something more casual and that I'll meet them at the next place. They are concerned about how long it will take me. I try to assure them that it won't take me that long because my home is so close. I live near where my condo was and I just need to go down 96th St a short distance and then turn left. When I entered 96th St I was no longer in my vehicle. I was traveling by my own power but not walking. What I was preparing to do was perfectly common. My friends were concerned because it was so dark. 96th St didn't have any street lighting and no buildings along the street that would offer any light to the street. Besides that, most of the street was lined with trees so as we looked down the street we could see nothing but pitch black darkness. I told them I wasn't concerned because I was so familiar with the street. I was lying on my stomach with my arms stretched out in front of me, in Superman flying position, and skimming the grassy area on the side of the road as I moved forward. I was going about the speed of a bicycle, certainly faster than walking but slower than a car. At first everything was fine. Then a car passed me heading in the same direction that I was. I was a bit unnerved because it was so close to me. I realized that cars couldn't see me there. I tried to get further from the road but there was hardly any room for me to get over because of the trees and a rise in the ground to my right. Two more cars passed me, again heading in the same direction. Now I was becoming downright nervous, afraid I was going to be hit. I reached a point where there was road construction going on. I had to stand up and try to climb over a hill of dirt and rocks. I was looking for things to hold on to as I did so I would fall and hurt myself. But I also didn't want to get dirty. There were one or two male construction workers watching me. I think one made have said something to me related to it being dangerous but I somehow indicated to him that I would be fine. After I got over that one I think I crossed a street and then there was another one that I also navigated successfully.