I was at church at St. Joe. I was standing in the left-side of the aisle next to the end of the pew, the second one from the front. Mother was standing directly across from me also in the aisle. There was someone seated right on the end of each of the two pews. Bill W was sitting in the one I was standing next to. I don't know who was sitting in the one Mother was standing by. I think we had been talking. When it was time to sit I realized that Bill W wasn't going to move over or even acknowledge that I was standing there so I took a few steps back and sat in the third row. Mother did the same. There was no one else sitting in the third pew that I had just gone into. Within seconds, Marlene F and a lot of her family came into that pew. Marlene F came all the way down and sat next to me. As we looked at each other I reached over with my left hand and patted her leg as I told her it was really great to see her. She smiled broadly and nodded her head in agreement, that she was also pleased to see me. There was a small child with her. I'm not sure if it was one of her sibling's children or a grandchild. I'm guessing it was a grandchild. Now there quite a few people standing in the aisle to my right. It was members of Marlene F's family. There were no other seats available so they were standing in the aisle next to the pew where the rest of their family was seated. One of the grandchildren kept talking loudly and moving around more than they liked. A man standing in the aisle scolded the child but in his normal voice, which was fairly deep and loud. He didn't even try to whisper. I know people were looking at him for being so loud and disrupting Mass. They seemed to be more bothered by him than by the child. This happened several more times. Finally, the entire family decided to just go stand in the back of church, including those that were seated in the pew. I am now with members of my family. We're at a point in the Mass where we are all standing. I suddenly realize how I am dressed and think about how upset Mother and Daddy must be by this. I have on my purple sweatpants, matching t-shirt and gym shoes. I have my hands in my pockets and am looking down at my pants and shoes. I'm thinking that, because of time, I had a choice this morning to either change clothes or make it to Mass and I thought Daddy if knew that he would prefer I come to Mass dressed like this. I realize that Marlene F and her family have all left, deciding not to stay for the rest of Mass.