Steve J as at my home helping me to reupholster something that looked like a kneeler from church. We were working in the spare room. It was about three feet long or less maybe six inches wide. It stood six or eight inches off the floor with legs on all four corners. The fabric we were using looked like a forest green velvet. We had attached the fabric on both of the long sides. Steve J picked it up and was looking at the sides. I thought it looked puckered so I asked him what he thought and he agreed. He took the fabric back off. Holding the fabric I tried to make a suggestion for how we could do it to prevent the puckering. It's a method I've seen on a home decorating program. From the look on his face I wasn't sure if he just didn't want me to give him advice, if he didn't believe me, or if he just didn't think it would work. We are sitting in the dining room. Matthew is there. I am sitting along one long side of the dining room table facing away from the kitchen but not up against the table. Steve J is sitting at an angle facing the corner to my right. I told him that I think I did the same thing with my dissertation data that I did with my master's thesis data. He was my thesis advisor and had told me originally that I was collecting way too much data and even when I thought I had pared it down considerably he told me I was still trying to collect too much. With his right hand he reaches over to me, while saying something to me, and grabs my belt and moves it back and forth a few times. He's teasing me about data collection. I know he's teasing because he was very pleased with the results of my thesis. We talk some about children and I smile and say, Greg [unknown in waking life] would never do that would he? He knows I'm teasing but he responds, no, of course not. He is waiting for something before leaving, but very eager to leave. I'm not sure what he is waiting for. He said he would like to go to an Ames store on his way to the airport. I go into the kitchen and open an upper cabinet door to pull out a phone book to see if there is an Ames store between my house and the airport. The wall below these cabinets are open to the dining room I pull out the white pages and begin looking for a listing and then realize it is the white pages for the state where my mother was born. As soon as I realize that I tell Steve J that, explaining that we have it because we a lot of my family lives in that state. I put it back and am getting aggravated because I can't find the book for the state where I live. Steve J gets up and walks up to my left side and tells me he thinks he is going to go ahead and leave. He shows me a small map, about 6 inches by 6 inches. He has marked his route on this map with dark blue ink. He says something about just needing to go right, right, right, and right. I don't think that sounds right and I try to tell him so but he argues with me. I live here and he doesn't, but he's arguing with me about this. Matthew is standing there listening but the look on his face tells me he doesn't understand enough to be able to offer an opinion. I finally just say ok because I don't want to argue.