I had been dating this man believing that he was a single father of two daughters. One day he was feeling ill, so he called and asked me to come to his house. I went. He was in bed and his two young daughters were playing. I would guess the youngest one to be about three years old and the older one to be maybe seven or eight. They were both playing together in the older girl's bedroom. His father had asked me to lay down on the bed with him. I just laid on top of the blankets to his right. From time to time each of the girls with coming on for some reason or another. One time when the littlest one came and she was standing next to the bed right in front of me. I think it might have been her nap time. The little girl climbed up on the bed next to me and I was cradling her while she fell asleep. It was just about this time that someone came in the House and he panicked and that's when I realized that he was married. I was absolutely furious. There was no way for me to leave without her seeing me. What I did see her I just kept apologizing over and over trying to convince her that I really did not know that he was married. She said that she realized that. Apparently this had happened before. We were in another room talking. For some reason I went back into the bedroom and the man was gone. He had left the house. I continue to talk to his wife asking her if there was anything I could do to make it up to her. She said of course not. While I was asking her this I was making the bed and trying to help straighten the bedroom, some the girl's toys were lying in there. She thought this was very nice that I was doing this. She started telling me that she had been thinking about hiring someone to help her around the house just one or two days a week. I told her that I could really use the work right now if she would consider hiring me short term. I told her that since she is only looking for someone part-time that would work out really well for me if I still need to keep looking for a full-time position. I think she was going to do that.