I was in prison. My "man" and I were cell mates. My "husband" was also in prison. I think we were there because of what he did. I had done a needlepoint thing that was thick and looked like sheepskin. We were trying to figure out how to block it. A man (my husband) said, "Why not wrap it around your body and go take a steam bath." I looked at him and said, "What a good idea." I wrapped it around me and wrapped a towel around it to cover it. I walked down the hall to the public bathroom. At first, I couldn't find the steam bath, just the toilet stalls. Then I saw 2. A large woman got to it first. I was agitated because I didn't want to get caught. I saw a sign-up sheet, so I signed my name, "Barb Sanders." The pencil was on a string and almost didn't reach and the writing was crooked, slanted uphill. Just as I finished writing my name, the woman got out of that steam bath and I got in. Then I got scared. It was metal with a shower-like nozzle near my face. I was afraid I'd hurt myself and the steam would be too hot and burn me, so I carefully read the instructions. I was just about to turn it on when the door opened and a woman came in with 2 men (plain-clothed cops). I felt like I'd been caught. I had been wondering how to get back to my cell because the towel would be wet too but I had to keep the sheepskin covered. They started to question me. One said, "Well, Gretchen" and I got indignant. "I'm not Gretchen." I played out my limp and sat down, explaining I had R.A. I knew I was faking it. It worked, and they left. I then went back to my room/cell. It was damp from the steam bath. It was time to escape/leave. I did so. Then, I was rich, dressed in a suit and high heels, golden earrings with jewels on my ankles. I was looking down busy city streets. I go to a store where Thea and Jared work. I bought a pin the shape of a bird or turtle that I knew Jared loved. I decided not to give anything to Thea. I then walked on down the street to another shop where Jared was working. I gave him the pin. He was overcome by my kindness. He hugged me a lot. I felt his pot belly and his flaccid penis. I started to feel like it was time to move on. I walked, and then I noticed I was in a bad neighborhood. I felt a little nervous. I was walking toward a busy street where I could get a bus or a taxi. A man walked up to me and started to harass me. He was going to rape me. I got angry. At first, I warned him to leave me alone. He grabbed me and in one swift and powerful kick to his groin, I got him. He fell to the ground, groaning. I kept on walking. I walked past a newsstand. A couple of leather jacket types started to verbally harass me. I told them to watch out, because I'd protected myself before and I'd do it again. A 3rd man said, "Ya, she's right. Leave her alone." I walked on. I went into a cafe to call a taxi. I think I was crying. A taxi driver there said "Hey, where do you want to go?" I said, "Are you a taxi driver?" He said, "Ya." I said, "Let's go." I feel rescued.