People were coming to my house to buy things I had listed for sale somewhere. One young man came to buy a book. I found out later that he is a priest. The book he purchased was a hardback but had it's dust jacket and looked like new. It was very thick, easily 500+ pages. He had ridden a bicycle there. I asked him if he wanted me to put it in a bag for him but then said I was going to because I didn't want it to get dirty or damaged but I thought it would be easier for him to carry on his bike. I had some plastic bags hanging on the wall. They were flat and attached together, just like at the grocery store. These were a much heavier plastic, shiny, slick, and very dark in color. A woman came and bought a bunch of cleaning supplies. I was going to need to use three or four bags for all of it. There were quite a few women in the house. It was two stories but didn't look like my waking life home. The staircase was open all the way to the second floor and it was on the opposite wall from my waking life home. I was sitting on the steps, as were some of the other women. Some of us were sitting next to the wall and others next to the banister. Many of them were just standing around in the living room. That's where the woman was who was buying the cleaning products. She was excited to be getting them for some reason and was getting out her wallet to pay me. They were talking and joking around about sexual things. Not crude or really obnoxious, but still in a way that made me uncomfortable. I didn't say anything against or to join in. I just sat and smiled politely. This young priest is coming down the steps and walking between the two rows of women sitting on the steps. I felt embarrassed that he had heard that, even though I hadn't said anything, I hadn't spoken up to stop it so that was just as bad. I wondered if maybe he hadn't heard. Then I saw a polite smile on his face too and realized that he had heard some of it. That made me feel better for not speaking up. I had a swing sitting in front of my house, similar to the one I have on my patio in waking life. The neighbors had a similar swing on their patio. Matthew and a male friend of his were over there sitting in the neighbor's swing. I was in a very good mood, feeling very happy and acting almost giddy. It was just beginning to rain, just sprinkling really. I went over there and told them that I had just remembered something that I wanted to ask them to do for me while they were here. I explained that I wanted the swing from my front yard brought back to the patio and the thing that is on the patio now taken to the front. I don't know what the thing was on the patio. It had a frame similar to the swing. But I also knew I wanted them to remove the top pieces that used to hold the awning before they took it to the front yard.