Dan M owned a candy store in the mall. I was at the store visiting with him. A male friend of his is there as well. Dan M tells me that he has been in love with me for several years. I was quite surprised by this. He has been waiting to tell me because he wanted to save enough money first so he could do the things for me that he wants to do. He pulled out some kind of financial records and was pointing to various numbers and explaining them to me. The bottom line is that he had over a million dollars. I couldn't believe it. I couldn't believe that he had that kind of money, that he was in love with me, or that he would do that for me. He wanted to pay off my student loans and other debts. His friend is leaning on the counter and nodded his head yes when I looked over at him in disbelief. Some times he kind of shrugged his shoulders and tilted his head to the right as if to say, yes, he really did this and this is really what he wants. I'm not sure what to make of it. Part of me is very flattered and pleased that he feels this way. Part of me is not sure how I feel. I don't know if there is that kind of chemistry between us, but realize that maybe I've not felt any chemistry because neither of us has allowed it. For most of the years that I've known him he has been in a relationship. I have come to consider him a very dear friend, but nothing more. He moves so he is facing me and pulls me in and kisses me. This is fine. I mean it feels okay, though I don't feel any sparks or anything. I tell him about the first time we kind of met. He had attended one of my dream workshops. I noticed him almost immediately and thought that he was attractive. I was disappointed when he left right after the workshop. He has four or five young female employees who have come in to work. They seem to know something about who I am. Most of the candy is in square, clear plastic, bins that are stacked five feet high. The front of each one has an opening to access the candy. Apparently, Dan M lets the employees eat candy while they are working as I see them each occasionally reach in a bin for a piece. They offer me a piece and I accept. Dan M and I are walking through the mall with our arms around each other's back. I'm thinking how nice this feels and that I could really get use to this, that I think I could actually like this and be comfortable in a relationship with Dan M. We're mostly just window shopping and talking casually. I just keep thinking how good it feels, and that it feels better and better. We get separated for some reason and I'm trying to find him. This mall has an unusual layout. I get lost more than once. I am in a department store and find myself in the furniture department. I want to just sit and rest. There was just barely room to walk in between all of the furniture. I wondered if I could find a comfortable chair with a high back so I could sit and rest without being spotted by an employee. I decide to keep walking and trying to find my way out. I end up in another store that is very odd compared to others. There are numerous oddly shaped, small rooms with white walls. Each has a few mannequins and nothing more. I see a salesclerk and tell her that I am lost and where I am trying to go. She tells me I really am lost and gives me directions that seem very incomplete and confusing to me. She doesn't seem to want to be bothered with me so I just find my way out myself. I finally make it back to Dan M's store and he isn't there. One of his employees tell me that he went someplace across the mall. I head over to find him and meet him on his way back. The place he had been was a restaurant and he had been drinking while he was there. I could tell he was slightly affected by the alcohol. This was a little bothersome to me but I wasn't going to let that have a negative impact on our relationship. We were walking through the mall again to pick up some things that he had ordered. As best I can describe them they were decorative things for his home. He had apparently paid a deposit on them. At the first store, there were two items that sat on the floor and were about three or four feet tall and maybe 12 inches square or diameter. I don't recall the shape exactly. They were brown and black. The store clerk told him the balance owed was $1999.00. I was shocked. Dan M smiled and said, really, as though he didn't remember what the balance was but pulled out his wallet. It didn't seem to be a problem to him at all. Something very similar happened at the next store we went to. 