Matthew and I are at Kings Island. We hadn't gone there for entertainment, but for some other reason. We were there early in the day. We were sitting there waiting for something or someone and I suggested to Matthew that maybe we could ride the roller coaster while we're there. He didn't immediately agree or disagree with me. Then we got up and started walking, maybe towards the roller coaster. We see Bev and John S. They are riding in something like a golf cart. They pull up along side us and we all stop to talk. We hadn't expected to see them. I'm thinking about the fact that I bet they come more often now that they have this cart because they don't have to do so much walking. That would make it less tiring and more enjoyable. They don't have their children with them. They take off again and Matthew and I decide to try to catch up with them. We get stopped in the crowd because there are so many people around we can't get through. Matthew sees something up ahead of us and says something like, oh there's....I can't remember what he said it was. I think it had something to do with us trying to catch up to Bev and John. He took off to go up to whatever it was. I think he was going to come right back. I stood there and waited and waited but he didn't come back. I got kind of upset. I thought he was just going 30 or 40 feet ahead of me. I finally made my way up there and he was no where to be seen. Then I got upset because I really do not like being in crowds, especially not alone. And no longer like being in unfamiliar places alone either. I was trying not to feel too panicked. Now, I'm standing next to one of the rides. At least that's what I think it is originally but it seems to have morphed into something that looks like a single slide, not that high, that ends in a single spiral at the bottom. People come down the slide and continue around this single spiral. I'm watching people come down. There are two employees at the top of the slide helping people. There are also a couple of employees at the bottom of the slide helping. Then I see a bunch of stuff come down the slide instead of people. It's stuff like people's belongings and bed linens and bath towels. Some of it is stuffed animals. As I'm standing there watching this I realize that there are groups of people, may families and this is a kind of entryway into the park. These groups of people are there for a specific reason other than to be visitors or for the entertainment and attractions. The employees are helping these groups of people enter the park through this slide. The groups of people have brought this stuff with them that I saw coming down the slide. Someone is taking the stuffed animals off of the slide one by one. The are relatively small, maybe 12-18 inches in length and not that big in width. They are more long and thin stuffed animals than short and chubby like a teddy bear. Someone is handing them to me. There is some kind of a shelf or box like container that is open on the side. They are handing the stuffed animals to me to stand them in this container. They want me to start at one end and line them up that way. It is only as deep as the stuffed animals are wide. Apparently I wasn't doing it the way they wanted me to and they showed me that they wanted the first one to face the wall of the container and then line each of the others up behind the first one facing the same way. It only held four or five of them. I'm in an indoor, underground location. The families each have their own area down there. It is a very long, not very wide, almost tunnel like area. The ceilings don't feel very high. The areas for each of the families are not divided by walls. In each area there is a platform type thing that is about five or six feet tall, maybe three feet wide, and about 10 or 12 feet long. On each and there is a set of steps leading up to the platform. The each look a little different than the others, in color or how they are constructed. For example, some of them may be carpeted, some are painted but in different colors, etc. as I'm walking through this area I realize that each of these families, or groups, are there for a competition. Perhaps it is a talent competition. These platforms are for them to practice on. They each have very different things that they are doing though, so it gives the feeling of something like a variety show or a circus, where there are lots of different types of acts. I'm walking through here trying to find Matthew, and I'm getting very frustrated. I decide that I need to go back up above ground to find him but now I can't find a place to go back above ground. All of these individual family areas with all of these staircases is causing me to feel more disoriented and confused. I see someone that I think maybe an employee there so I stop and ask them for directions to get back above ground. They try to give me directions but I think I must get confused again because I don't find it. I go back to the same person to ask again but they seemed to be irritated with me now. So I just walk away and keep trying myself. I finally find Matthew down there. He knows the way back above ground so we are going back up together and then go home. The place that we go up above ground is at the end of the tunnel. As we approach I see an area with exercise equipment. However, it's very unusual looking equipment, like nothing I've seen before. Some of it reminds me of the type of equipment a football team which used for practice, like the things they would use to practice tackling or things that they would be pushing against with their shoulders as they try to run forward. I feel very tense, like I have a lot of built-up anxiety or stress. I look at this equipment and think it might be a very good way for me to get rid of some of this tension. I'm standing there doing something with some of it trying to figure out how to use it. I asked Matthew, and he shows me how to use it. I noticed these things attached to some of the equipment. I see the same things are also attached some places on the walls. They look like a rectangular boxes and if you open them they contain plastic bottles for water or beverages. They look very dirty or a nasty. I decide it would be a nice thing to do to clean them up for whoever uses them. So go ahead and I clean them up and then someone who works there walks up to me. I told him what I did. Instead of appreciating it he seems bothered by the fact that I did this. Thank you I are now ready to go above ground. The way to get up is to climb up a ladder that is attached to the end wall. There is a fairly small opening at the top of the ladder that we have to crawl through to get out. Before we climb up the ladder we see these black rectangular kind of shape to object leaning against the wall. Matthew suggest that we each take one up with us to use and once we get through the opening. Apparently, once we get through the opening, we can't just stand up and walk through the park. I am now with three other people and Matthew is not one of those. We are trying to escape. We each of one of these black things though they now seem to be different sizes and shapes. We are going to use them as some kind of transportation, kind of like a sled though I don't know what is going to propel us. We see some other kind of objects and we each take two. There might be more than two. One appears to be something to sit on and the other, or others, we will use to propel us forward. However it is that they work were going to use them to get away, or to escape. It seems as though we are outdoors now and on pavement just inside the park. It looks like we are exiting the park on to a road. The place that were exiting from and the road they were exiting on to appears to have a downward slope. We are exiting at an angle on to the road. It reminds me of the way an entrance ramp to the highway enters on to the highway. And I we're concerned and one because of the traffic and cars being able to see us clearly with us being on these objects and so close to the ground also. It feels very dangerous. It seems to me that we'd pull off and stop to figure out what to do. Now we're running through the inside of a building, still in an effort to escape. The building looks like a huge warehouse and there is stuff everywhere. They're apparently isn't even room to walk, because to get through we have to actually run across the top of these piles all of boxes and such. Some of the piles of things aren't boxes, they are very soft and plush is maybe a good word to describe them. Almost as though they are piles of blankets or pillows. As we're doing this we notice some very large objects that are rectangular in shape. Like the thing is that we were using before they are plastic but these are in a variety of colors. I grab one that is lime green. They are long enough that we can sit upright on them and stretch out our legs in front of us. We each take one and are using them as sleds on something that I can best describe as a very long slide that goes through this building.But it's not straight, but rather winds through the building until we exit. This seems to happen several times. We exit one building and find ourselves in another find some kind of objects to use and slide our way winding through the building until we exit again and then the same thing happens over. At one point we exit on to a green grassy area. There are four or so employees each standing with a customer or guest, working with them to practice their golf putting. I hear one of the employees say that the park has a service for guests, where the guests can request the service of one of these employees for an entire day and the employee will help the guest with anything they want help with. I quickly tell the three people that I'm with about this. I suggest that maybe they can help us get away since they are required to help us with anything that we ask for help with. I tell them that I think it will be easier for us to get away if we have these employees hoping each of us. Maybe I think it's because they know their way around this area better, or maybe I think it's because if there's two of us on each of these objects we will be better able to get away simply because of having more manpower. So we end up telling for the employees that we want their services and so they have to help us. So we now each have an employee with us on these objects that we are trying to get away on. So now as were sliding through the building each of us with an employee with us on our slide it's the last time that this happens. The buildings are all fairly dark and dingy. There is no visible color, and very little light. The area that were moving through is just wide enough for these things that were using as sleds. The thing that we're sliding on through each of these buildings seems to change from time to time. As we get close to exiting this final building the employees warned us that we need to be very careful and try to slow ourselves down because we will be exiting onto water. They tell us that the water will become ice. We need to be especially careful at that point. It would enter the ice to fast we could get turned over and injured. So, we are all trying to slow down and brace ourselves preparing for this. I am second in line of before us and I see a head of me were getting ready to exit the building the water on the other side and it's like the rushing water. I become nervous and tense, wondering if we can even enter the water without getting dumped over. One as we get close to the place where the water turns to ice I notice something on the wall to my right. The wall itself appears to be gray cement. It looks like there is something like a foam forming on this wall. It reminds me of the type of insulation foam that is used in buildings, where they spray it on and then it expands, except it's not nearly that large. It is maybe an inch or two high but runs along the wall. The employee in front of me points to it and tells me that this is the ice forming. I turned a bit to my right and point this out to the person behind me and tell down that this employee has told me that this is the ice forming. So as the sled in front of me approaches the ice they managed to slow themselves down an off so they can enter the eye is more slowly and carefully so as not to get turned over and harmed. All I and the employee with me do the same thing as do the people behind us. We don't go very far until we see something running two are right that looks like a rail fence made of two by fours. Do to people on the sled in front of me slide underneath the lowest rail and down a very short but somewhat steep hill to the ground below. I can see that there are a lot of people standing down there watching for us. This appears to be a good thing, that these people recognize that we are helping someone. As the two people, the person who is with me originally and the employee, in front of me land on the ground below and stand up, some of the people who have been standing around watching run up to them to greet and hug them. The two people with me then go into a nearby building to get warm. I and the employee with me now does the same thing. And those behind me then do the same thing.