I was at a social gathering at a female friend's home. I was walking around admiring the outside of this house. It was a very large, two-story, old, grey stone house. It wasn't the size of a mansion, but larger than the average home. It had a very dignified look and presence. There seemed to be quite a bit of front landscaping. There was a double-wide sidewalk that ran the width of the house and then three that extended out parallel from that. They were all double-wide as well. All of these sidewalks were covered, yet open on the sides. Cement pillars supported the cover. There was lush soft landscaping on either side of the sidewalks that came out from the house, bushes, trees, flowers, and grass. It was quite beautiful. I was sitting outside with her and two other women. Three of us were sitting in a row. I was on the right end and Jane H on the left end. One woman was sitting facing the other three of us. I was talking to Jane H about our CRHP sisters, though she wasn't in CRHP in waking life. I asked about Judy Switzerland [unknown in waking life]. Jane H said that Judy had moved to another country with a female friend of hers for some kind of work. Her husband was mentioned by one of us. We then started talking about how many have moved away since our CRHP weekend. We were trying to think of everyone's names. I mentioned that I rarely talk with anyone anymore. I mentioned that I still talk with Amy S occasionally. I mentioned that, of course we all still hear from Karen K every so often now that she has had a baby and she sends us baby pictures. The owner of the home was now walking with me and we were talking about some of the bushes that were right next to the sidewalks and beginning to encroach on the walking area. We were discussing what she might do about that as she didn't want them to block the paths. I was familiar with the home's origin, but I don't know how or why I knew about it. The man who built it took great pride in the home and created it to be a thing of beauty for people who passed to enjoy. He had been deceased for some time now. The current owner was a descendent but had let the outside of the home fall into disrepair. It wasn't that she didn't care about it. I think it was more that she either didn't know what to do or didn't have time or wanted help, something like that. If she had a plan to restore it she had someone who could do the work for her. As we're walking the grounds we're talking about what she could do as a starting point, talking about removing some bushes, planting new ones in some places. Along the front of the grounds there is a low, stone wall. It is the same grey stone that is on the exterior of the home itself. Coming up from the stone wall are stone pillars that support the overhead covers. Each pillar juts out a bit from the wall rather than being part of one long smooth line. The gardener is walking with us now and I ask him if he has any topiaries that are maybe just 3 or 4 feet tall and not very large in diameter. He says that he does. Pointing to the area that I am talking about, I tell he and the owner that I think it would look really beautiful to have a few topiaries around each of these pillars. I think it would take five around each pillar. They both agree that they think it would look very nice so the owner tells the gardener to begin that work immediately. As we continue to walk I notice several places that have fountains and/or pools of water. None of the fountains are functioning and the pools of water are full of natural debris and green with algae. I suggest that she have the gardener clean those out and get them functional again. There is now a man with us, perhaps her husband. He mentions that the pools and fountains will be an expensive endeavor. I said I understand that so maybe that could be something that they could do in the future. In the meantime they could at least have the gardener clean out what is there to make them more pleasing to the eye. One of the fountains is at the front of the property where anyone passing by would see it. I suggest that they might at least want to get that one functioning right away to return to the purpose of the original owner, that being the pleasure of those who pass by. I return early the next morning, when the sun is just beginning to rise so it is still fairly dark outside. I am standing on the sidewalk across the street from the house. I notice that the stone wall extends further on one end than I had realized the day before. I make a mental note to make sure the gardener tends to it the same as the other. There is a row of stones of another color that runs horizontally along the wall, about halfway up. It is a bit wider around the pillars. They seem to be a deep red color. I note that the gardener needs to be sure to clean those on the sections that I just noticed as well as on the sections that we discussed yesterday. The place that I was there to go into isn't open yet. I notice a very small store next door that is open. It reminds me of a corner grocery in a very small town. I go in and there are several employees standing and talking. They seem somewhat annoyed that I have come in though I'm not sure why. I decide it must be that they are not used to customers coming in this early and interrupting their morning chat. I get two small bags of snacks, peanuts and something else, to have for breakfast. I pay for them and begin eating them. I ask if I can set my things down on the floor there until I can get in to the place next door. They tell me that is fine, but again seem annoyed or bothered.