BJ and Todd A were spending the night with Matthew and I at the condo. Iwas sleeping on an extra bed in my bedroom. I had my headboard against the window and this extra bed was sitting parallel at the foot of my bed. BJ was sleeping in Matthew's room and Todd A was sleeping in the upstairs bathroom. At first I thought we had set up a cot in that bathroom, alongside the tub, and that he was sleeping there. I was walking toward my bedroom in the hallway and from the corner of my eye I saw Todd A sitting in there and thought he was sitting on the cot. I entered into that bathroom from my bedroom and, though I didn't see Todd A at that time, I told him I was going to close the door between the toilet and the sink to give him more privacy. I closed the door and went back into my bedroom. I asked Matthew if he had set up the cot in there for Todd A and he said he hadn't. I told him that he needed something to sleep on. I realized then that when I saw Todd A sitting in there and leaning back against the wall that he intended to sleep sitting up on the toilet. I told Matthew that we couldn't have that. I went back into the bathroom and told him I would be much more comfortable if he would sleep downstairs on the sofa or on the pull-out bed in the sofa. He said he would be much more comfortable if he were sleeping on the floor in the bathroom. I just shrugged my shoulders and walked away. I went into Matthew's room to check on BJ. His room looked different than in waking life, primarily because it was much larger and it didn't have the loft window. The headboard of his bed was against the back wall and there was a smaller bed sitting parallel at the foot of his bed. BJ was lying in the smaller bed. I asked her what she was doing in the "doll" bed. It was so small that she couldn't even stretch out. I asked her why she wasn't sleeping in Matthew's bed. She said she was fine where she was. I tried to convince her to sleep in the other bed but she argued with me. I walked over to Matthew's bed and pulled back the bedspread and blanket. I was trying to entice her to sleep there by pointing out how many pillows there were and how soft they were. There was two for her had and one for under her leg to support her back. I rubbed the blanket and said how soft it was. The linens on the bed were pale yellow and white. She finally got up and crawled in from the foot of the bed. I think she was going to take some medicine and I asked her if I could get her a glass of water. She said yes, that would be nice, that she would appreciate that. I went downstairs to get a glass of water for her. Though, I didn't go down the normal way. It was though I took the steps two or three at a time, feeling almost as though I were floating and barely touching any of the steps. I got down to the first floor very quickly this way. I opened the cabinet to get something for her water and decided on a regular glass instead of plastic. I didn't put any ice in it. I went back upstairs. As I handed it to her I said I hoped that it was okay that I hadn't put ice in it. She said that she actually prefers it that way. She took her medicine and handed the glass back to me. I said it was fine if she wanted to keep it, that she could set it on the bedside table. She looked as if looking for a coaster. I told her that it wouldn't hurt the table to just have it sitting there without a coaster. The bedside table was the one I have in waking life, only it looked the way it did before I modified and refinished it. I sat the glass water down and said again that it really was fine there. We were talking about the faux finish on the walls. I had told her once about how I had painted the walls here but she didn't understand what I was trying to explain. Now that she was there I reminded her of the conversation and pointed out the walls to her. She was going on and on about how much she liked it. I pointed out some spots where I had too much paint on my roller for the second color and how those areas didn't look as good. As I was talking I picked up a paint roller and was repainting part of it to show her how I did it. Now I was almost covering up the pattern in some areas. She reached over and put her hand flat against the wall to see how it felt and put her hand right on top of wet paint. I apologized that she now had paint on her hand and she said that wasn't a problem at all. I was thinking about the fact that this paint does wash off very easily with soap and water. In waking life there was a wood stair rail that ran along the upstairs hallway that looked down into the living room. In the dream it was a wrought-iron piece that ran floor-to-ceiling and at the top of the steps it opened like a door, so the entire thing could be closed off. I suppose this would be a nice safety feature for small children who couldn't navigate steps.