Joe P was cutting my hair and it looked great as usual. He had cut it just a bit different this time, layering it along the front so it framed my face beautifully. It looked and felt very light and feathery. It looks like a longer version of the style I had at age thirty. I asked him if he had done the texturizing on top of my head as it still seemed a bit flat to me, although I couldn't remember if it had been long enough since the last time he did it. Even though it looked great, he kept working on it. We were talking so I wasn't paying attention to what he was doing. When he finished I looked in the mirror and was horrified. He had taken a beautiful hairstyle and created pigtails on either side of my head, just above my ears, sticking straight out. He had done something I hadn't seen before with a small section of hair just in front of each rubber band. I thought that little thing was pretty but I hated the pigtails. I was trying not to cry. He could tell I wasn't happy but was acting indignant about it, as though there was no reason for me to not like it. I got up and quickly started to leave. As I was walking away I heard someone else say something. I stopped and turned around, leaned slightly forward and said, maybe it's because I grew up in a small country town and left there. I don't want to look like a country girl. I was in several different places throughout the dreams. In one of those places I was having a conversation with one or more people about different aspects of spirituality. There were definitely differing opinions. Once was a shopping mall. I was going back to my car and decided that the most direct and quickest route was through Macy's department store. As I was walking through the mall I see a bellboy with two room service carts. One had only one thing on it, a plate with something on it. He was pushing one and pulling one. I wasn't sure I knew my way through Macy's, or which door to exit to be closest to my car. I thought I just needed to go straight to the opposite side of where I was. I had to walk around perfume and jewelry counters and then through the furniture department. As I was walking through the furniture department I saw a male sales person talking on his cell phone. As soon as he saw me I could hear him tell the person that he was talking to that he needed to go. I began to walk faster as I did not want him to approach me and try to sell me furniture.