I wake up feeling a lot of anger. I then drift back to sleep. I was at a family reunion picnic thing. I set up the lunch and entertainment. They were not too thrilled with my ho-hum hamburger gravy and potatoes and openly snickered at my skits. I took a cat in my arms and the cat and I walked up close to each of my relatives (black and white adult cat). They were all sitting in a semi-circle. I held the cat up to the face of each one. The cat bit cousin Willie real hard. I told the cat not to bite anymore. He just looked at me. My Grandpa Lloyd and Grandma Mildred were having an "argument," much like my parents. Grandpa took a big sweet dessert and ate it. I ate a spoonful of sweet chocolate, wondering why I did it because it wasn't good for me. Grandma nagged at him, ever so sweetly. "Now Lloyd, look at that. You know better than to...etc." Lloyd just glared at her and ate more. They were like children deliberately getting on each other's nerves. Ginny, my Aunt Millie, Bonnie and I got into a car to go to a fair for the disabled. I was angry because I realized that I only had a bicycle with flat tires to assist me when I got to the fair and I was going to get tired and achy walking around. We had trouble getting there. When we got there, a car was backing out into traffic. One wheel got caught on the curb and the whole car turned over. A woman driver was in it. I kept wondering how she managed to flip the car and if she was all right. Another car, trying to get into the parking lot, just pushed her around. She finally got out. I then started making a list of all the supposed things being done for the disabled and discovering it wasn't helping the disabled. It was helping the establishment feel good about helping the disabled. I wrote these down so I could expose this. I saw Marv C with a bandage on his thumb. We hugged. He said, "It was so kind of you to like my things." His things were beautifully calligraphied posters in blue ink. I then picked it up and looked closely. I said, "It is pretty and quite nice, but did the disabled make them? How are they helping the disabled?" I put him on my list. I also put the Iron Duchess on my list.