I was at an SAID function. I was standing by a wire fence that was maybe 7 or 8 feet high. The wire formed 6 inch squares. I was talking with a man that I don't know. On the other side of the fence, about 10 or 12 feet away was another wire fence. This one was in disrepair and only 3 feet high. On the other side of that fence was a large open area and a group of SAID members were playing baseball. There didn't seem to be an actual game going on. Some small groups of people were simply tossing a ball back and forth and other groups were batting. I asked one of them if I climbed over the tall fence if they would stand below and catch me. I didn't actually think I would fall but I wanted someone there in case I did. They didn't come over. I climbed the fence and as I started to climb over the fence swayed to the ground and I landed gently on my feet before the fence swayed back to its upright position. Now the other fence wasn't there. I walked over to one of the groups that was throwing a baseball. I wanted to join in but didn't have a ball glove and saw how hard and fast they there throwing it. I decided to go sit along the fence and just watch. I was sitting with my knees to my chest, back against the fence, and my arms resting on my knees. Harry B came walking up to me at a brisk pace and cheerfully said something to me as he sat down alongside me. I said something to the effect that it was a good day for sitting alone curled up in my room. He said okay, got up and walked away. I immediately realized that I shouldn't have responded that way. First of all because that is not how I want to portray myself to others, but also because that is not the way I want to be. I want to be more positive, cheerful, and engaging with others. I suddenly realized that all of the members were heading back to the hotel and were already 100 or more feet away. I jumped up and ran to try to catch up with them because I wasn't sure I knew my way back and didn't want to get lost. They were walking through a heavily wooded area. In some places the brush was waist high or higher. I could hear the others in front of me talking but I lost sight of them and became almost frantic about getting lost out there. There were 2 or 3 that had stayed behind in one part of the woods and were talking. I looked at them, I suppose with a facial expression that showed my concern, and then simply nodded towards the group and reassured me to keep going. I am back at the hotel with a man [unknown in waking life] and we went to find Malachi B. He was in his room very upset about something he had done and concerned about what people would think. He thought people would think less of him, or not like him, or be disappointed in him. It seemed that he thought it was related to some work he had done or the way he presented himself. We tried to reassure him that there was nothing to be concerned about. Myself and this other man were sitting on the floor while Mark paced the room, talking and worrying. He finally sat down at a desk and began to type. I had to look twice to see what he was working on and realized that he had brought a typewriter with him. I was thinking that I didn't know anyone even used a typewriter anymore. The words showed up on the paper in very dark lettering. He seemed to make no errors as he typed and the layout of what he typed was very distinctive. I saw something else unusual in his room that I realized he had brought with him. This got me to thinking about how much baggage he had traveled with. I am now in my room and hear someone knock. I went to the door and it was Malachi B. He seemed excited to show me what he had bought. He had gone to a store to buy things that would make him appear more feminine. One of the things was a light pink hat with white lace on it. I couldn't believe he had bought such a thing and was seriously intending to wear it. He actually seemed excited about it. I was getting a bit frustrated with him at this point and thinking that this just doesn't look like him at all and that people like him best as himself. He doesn't need to do this. He could tell by my expression that I didn't really like it. I wanted to force his back against the wall and tell him very strongly that he does not need to do things like this. I was trying to remember if he was married or not. If he wasn't, I was going to kiss him to let him know that he is perfect and attractive in many ways, not just physically, just the way he is.