I was in St. Joe staying with my family for a few days at my birth home. There must have been a family event going on because there were quite a few family members around. The extended visit didn't seem to be bothering me. I was out in the garage with some of the family. We were talking and laughing. The large door must have been open because it was very light, in a way that only natural sunlight produces. Gary S showed up unexpectedly. I was so surprised and at first a bit nervous or anxious. He said he had left his job and was in the process of moving to this area. When I asked him why he said he knew I would not be willing to move away from my family. I made sure he knew that I did not want to live in St. Joe or anywhere near this close to them. I love them dearly but I don't want to live that close. I think he understood that. I was also concerned that he had left his job to be with me. I knew he wouldn't be able to find a job in my geographic area that would allow him to work in the same industry. That didn't seem to bother him and he seemed confident that he could find a good position that he would enjoy in another industry. The more time we spent together, the more comfortable I became with the whole idea. When we were together it was almost as though we had never been apart. The same chemistry was certainly there. My parents seemed to like him. They invited him to stay with them as well, while I was still there. He was in the bathtub with the tub doors closed and I went in to use the sink, leaving the door open behind me. Next to the sink was something else, kind of like a sink, only it was less than half the size of the sink and it was close to the front edge of the counter and raised above the counter unlike a traditional sink. It was full of dirty, nasty looking water. I realized that it was plugged and afraid it would overflow. I was using my hand to try to move some of the water into the large sink but it wasn't very effective and not doing much good. Daddy came in with a small plunger and cleared the clog. He said that this happens often. I am in the bathtub with Gary. It is a very large, deep tub. We are being very affectionate, kissing and touching, but nothing more. Others knew we were in the bath together but it didn't seem to bother anyone. Wherever we went or whatever we did, we were usually holding hands, kissing, being affectionate in ways that we considered appropriate when being around others. We are sitting together in the front seat of a car, I was sitting close to Gary S, though not right next to him. Two of my family members were in the back seat. We don't seem to be going anywhere. The car seems to be parked at the house, so I don't know why we would be in it. It was dark outside. I leaned over against him and put my head against his chest. I began stroking his chest through his buttoned dress shirt. I slowly and inconspicuously opened the first two or three buttons so I could caress his chest. I remembered how smooth his skin was and noticed it seemed just has smooth after so many years had passed. He looked down into my eyes and then leaned down and kissed me ever so lightly, gently, yet with so much feeling. It suddenly felt perfect to be there with him. The family members in the back seat decided to get out of the car and give us some time alone. There was a blanket hanging over the back of the seat. Gary S removed his shirt. As I laid my head against his bare chest I pulled the blanket up around us. We continued with these very gentle yet deeply affectionate embraces and kisses.