I was driving and pulled out, turning left, onto a completely empty four lane street. I thought it was very odd that there was absolutely no traffic on this street. I had barely gotten onto the street when I saw an elementary school marching band a few hundred feet in front of me. I quickly pulled off to the side of the road while I tried to figure out what to do. As I sat there I saw them march a few feet forward and then turn around and march the other direction. I moved my car forward a little bit thinking I might be able to get to the next intersection and turn right and hopefully be out of the path of the parade but that didn't work. The elementary school band met a high school marching band that was marching towards them. They integrated, the elementary school band turned around once again and then they all marched forward, and continued to do so, as they led the rest of the parade through the parade route. I am walking around a city with my husband [unknown in waking life]. We are talking about another man and neither of us can remember his name. It's someone that we have met casually, but that a lot of people know. We are standing at an intersection, there is a red brick building to my right, that is at least two or three stories tall. I hear a second-story window open. As I turned to see what was going on a man leaned out the window and started talking, but I'm not sure if he was talking to us or to someone else. It was the man we had just been talking about. Just seeing him made me smile, though I'm not sure why. As soon as I saw him I remembered his name. It was Danny Collins. [unknown in waking life.] We are not at our home and have some guests there for a social gathering. Danny and his girlfriend are there. My husband and I are sitting and talking to the two of them. Danny and I are sitting on the top of a picnic table, side-by-side yet facing each other. I have my legs up, my arms resting on my knees and my chin resting on my arms. Danny moves into the same position, which puts our faces right next to each other. After sitting this way for a little bit he whispers something to me. I try not to react so my husband or his girlfriend will not realize that Danny whispered something to me, though it practically took my breath away. It was something very romantic and loving. I wasn't surprised as this seems to be something that we do whenever we get the chance. I have the feeling that our intention is to be together at some point in the future. The party is now over and my husband and I are inside. I look out the window and see that we have left all of the decorative lights on. They looked like outdoor Christmas lights. There was something else we left on as well, maybe a water fountain. He said he would go back out and turn everything off. When he got back inside I was already in bed. He joined me and wanted to be intimate but I had no desire to be with him. I could only think about Danny. I told my husband no. He wasn't very happy about that, but I just didn't feel like I could be intimate with him when I felt the way I did about Danny.