I am in an unhappy home. I am at school. My "brother" and I have big stop watches. We discover that if we push the button right, it will remove us to a parallel universe that is in some ways slightly different from the one we are in. I am not happy in my present universe. People are cool. My brother and I live with step-parents that don't care about us. We come home from school. My watch is broken or was broken by kids at school. My "step-mother" is very uncaring. It's late at night. We decide to go to the other universe. My brother has already tried it and says that it is better than where we are. I follow him to his bedroom. I have a "younger sister" with me. We sneak in being very quiet so we don't wake up "younger brother" or "step-mother." My brother lies on the bed. I stand up on the bed, my feet under his back. I keep almost losing my balance. The "younger sister" (Paulina), stands on the side of him, holding very hard. We set the dials. At first, nothing happens. Then I get worried something will go wrong. Then a part of the watch shines red and the scene changes and then the scene is the same. A woman comes in. It's my "step-mother." At first, it is Claire K (a client) and then my Aunt Naomi. She offers me soda and cookies. At first I won't eat them because they have sugar and then I do. She is talking to me, making comments that give me information about the situation on this planet or universe. I carefully don't answer questions. She says she is going away. She tells me there is a package on the porch for me. She is friendly and nice. She talks about men. We agree that they are messy. I say, "Look at the bottom of that river." I see a river with garbage and debris on the bottom. "I sure didn't put that there. You didn't. Men did." Now I'm on a boat. We are about to cross the harbor. The man at the helm says, "They've dug out the harbor here and as such now two way traffic can now get through." He says, "You'll find it much changed." I look and realize that it's a lot of traffic like New York City harbor. I see wooden boats that look like whales on the bank. He says, "Here we go," and suddenly the boat flies up over some apartment buildings and over the watery expanse between the buildings. I expect the boat to drop down, fly up and drop down again, but we fly smoothly. My younger sister holds my hand.