A football game party for DDSI customers. Ten or twelve people I've never met before show up and only one DDSI customer. We're watching the game in a small upstairs room of my home, where my home office is in waking life. As you face inside the room, the TV is sitting at an angle in the far right corner. I have refreshments set up on a card table in the far left corner. I have a loveseat between the two of those and a sofa along the left wall. I have a few other chairs and a few very small ottoman type stools that a couple of men are sitting on. Someone asks me about a bathroom and I tell them that the one across the hall is being used but that there is one downstairs. I realize that I don't mention the master bathroom but then think that I don't really want people to use my private bathroom anyway. I don't have a master bathroom in waking life. The one customer who does come is a brand new franchise owner. Her business is getting off to a very strong start. She is telling me about some of her successes and sales that she closed. She is very excited. I had come across an old-fashioned wooden wheelbarrow and had sent that to her as a gift. She said that she received and was very excited about and likes it very much. She thanked me for it. I had put some kind of ad in a newspaper about this party, which is why all of these strangers showed up. They were people who enjoy football parties but don't have groups of friends of their own to have parties with. I realized I didn't have the TV turned on yet and it was a couple of minutes past kick-off. I turned the TV on and wasn't sure if there was a problem with the TV or if I just had the wrong channel. The front of the TV had a channel knob like an old-fashioned TV. I wondered out loud if it wasn't supposed to be set on a certain channel because of my cable service. I started turning it to see if I could find the game. One of the men was making some wisecracks about this. I finally told him that he could sit there and be critical or he could try to help. So then he tells me what channel his TV needs to be set on because of cable service. Just as he said that I see a place on the knob that says CBS and realize that is for the cable service. I turn the knob to that and then use the remote to turn to the channel that the game is on. I make a comment that of course I should have tried the channel that said CBS since that stands for Comcast Broadcasting Service.