I am at an SAID conference. There is an square overhead tent set up outdoors, supported with just four corner poles. Two adjacent poles are not completely upright and causing a problem, though I don't know why they aren't upright. I'm trying to fix one of them while someone else is trying to fix the other. Kendall B is there. He might be the one trying to help me fix the poles. There are tables set up under the tent to hold books and products that we are selling. There are six tables set up but divided into two sets. Each set of three tables are set up in a U shape with the bottom of the U being in the center of the tent and sitting directly next to each other. The tables don't have that many things on them, I think because it is near the end of conference and this is all that is left. The books that are left have been set in small piles. I'm talking to Kendall B, pointing to his books and telling him that I'm going to spread them out. We are now inside the hotel in a fairly small sitting area with a couple of sofas and a few stuffed chairs and side tables. There is one or more bar areas. I am trying to pack up the things that are left to either ship back or to take back. There is a pile of things that people have either already paid for and have not picked up or asked us to hold for them to come back later and pay and pick them. We agreed to do this as a service to people but also because we want to get as much revenue as possible. One of the bars has a lot of miscellaneous items sitting on it, pencils, books, software boxes, etc. As we're trying to pack up and get everything cleaned up and put away I mention to someone that we need to make sure we don't miss that bar. I has asked someone specifically to get both the software from that bar as well as some books that were left in another area and asked them to make sure they grab all of them. I wanted to make sure we didn't leave them. Jackie L had apparently been sleeping in another area because there are some gold sheets with a pattern to them. The pattern looks like a checkerboard. Some squares are satin-looking and some matte. They are laying on a something that is very close to the floor, maybe a mattress lying on the floor. There is also a pair of gold pajamas laying there. I realized that they belonged to her so I left them there for her to take care of. I go out into the hallway. It's not a long hallway like you would see in a hotel. It's almost more like a foyer to a suite of rooms. I'm looking for Kendall B because I wanted to ask him something. More than once I walk by the doorway of what I think is his room but I'm hesitant to knock and bother him. One time I see him walking around in the room. I go back to the sitting room and eventually he comes into that room. I ask him about his books that are left there.