I was the daughter of a wealthy homeowner. We lived in a very large, expensive home. Randy M came to visit. A man dies because he is gay and my parents are in some way responsible for or involved in his death. I realize that Randy M is this man's son. Randy M doesn't know that my parents are involved. I'm afraid for Randy M's safety because I'm not sure what would happen if my parents find out that the man was Randy M's father. I wonder if Randy M is also gay. I learn something else about Randy M that causes me to not want to see him again. I have a bedroom suite in the home. The doors leading into my suite from the rest of the house is a set of French doors. I went into my suite, closing and locking the doors behind me so Randy M can't come in. It is very odd the way they lock. There is a small gap between the vertical edges of the doors. Most doors fit together snugly at the vertical edges. But with these doors, the locking mechanism is in this gap and you have to reach in the gap and push the locking mechanism in on both doors to lock them. I do that and go into another room of my suite. There is also one French door there. I'm hurrying. Maybe I'm expecting Randy M and want to get the doors locked quickly. Or maybe I don't want my parents to see me with Randy M. The single French door locks the same as the other one and I lock it. There is also a door between those two rooms of the suite. It's not a French door but has a similar kind of locking mechanism. Randy M shows up and just walks in through the single French door. I'm surprised and frustrated. I realize that I must not have actually locked that door. I must not have been careful enough to make sure it was locked. I tell him that I don't want him there or that I don't want to see him right now. I ask him to leave. He refuses. I have a single bed in that room. It looks as though there are no bed linens on it. In another room in my suite is a double bed. I wonder why, when I let him spend the night, we always share this single bed rather than the double in the other room. My father comes into the suite and is talking to Randy M. My older sister has never allowed me into her suite. She comes into my room and sneaks me away while they are talking. She tells me that I can go into her suite because Randy M will never find me there. There is a hidden staircase that leads from my suite up to her suite. The walls of the staircase are white. It has white carpeting. There are several flights of steps that lead up to her room. Each flight of steps is only about five or six steps. So, there are six steps, you turn to the right and go up another six steps, turn to the right and go up another six steps, etc. There is also a handrail attached to the wall to the right of these steps. My sister tells me to hurry up to her suite, though she doesn't go up with me. I'm rushing up the steps to get to her room and hide. I know he won't find me because he will never find the opening to these steps.