Matthew and I were scheduled to help with a religious education class one Sunday morning at St. Joe. We were running late. He was driving too fast. We were supposed to be at Bill W and Emma W's house. Because he was driving too fast he missed the driveway when I pointed it out. He quickly pulled into another driveway to turn around. Just on the other side of that driveway there was a sharp curve to the right in the road. Out of frustration I told him that was a great place to decide to turn around because you couldn't see if there was any traffic coming from the other direction. Once he had pulled in and then backed up just a bit I could see that it was clear so I didn't worry about it anymore. Once he got back on the road he was still driving too fast and missed the W's driveway again. He did this four times. The fourth time he caught himself soon enough that he slammed on the brakes and just backed up enough that he could get into the driveway. As soon as we pulled in and parked we quickly started to get out of the car. Daddy came walking out of the house toward us. He was walking pretty quickly and saying something about us being late. Before he even finished what he was saying he realized that I was already upset about being late and decided not to say anything else. We went inside. There was a group of people doing laundry and we were supposed to be helping them. We walked over and they explained what we were supposed to be doing. There were two things that were to be sorted from everything else. Mother came up and helped also. After just a few minutes, we were finished. Matthew went over and sat down in a folding chair to wait to hear what we were supposed to do next. I was talking to Mother and Bev. Bev asked me if I was going to use the bathroom and I said yes. She decided to come with me. When we came back there was a woman sitting in a folding chair. There was one or two full trash bags tied shut and sitting on the floor. We realized that they were full of wet laundry. She was telling us that today we were just washing all of the laundry and that we were going to come back in a week and dry it all. I thought that was a very bad idea because some of it would be partially dry and really wrinkled, colors of some clothes may run onto some of the other clothes, it would smell bad from sitting wet all week. I was tempted to offer to take it all home with me and dry it all myself.