I was taking an adult education class at ECHS. There were so many people around, as though high school classes were in session. It was a mix of adults and high school students. I attended my first class. There were two children in the class, maybe ten years old. It turned out that their mothers had sent them to that class to take notes for them because they were attending a different class. A schedule conflict had prevented them from being able to take both classes that they wanted to take. Instead of missing one, they sent their sons to take notes at one of them. By the end of the class I had decided that I was not going to enjoy the class at all. I didn't feel that I was going to get anything out of it. I decided to try to get into a different class. After the class was dismissed I was walking through the hall and overheard some people talking about one of the other classes. It sounded interesting so I decided to try to get into it. I walk up two flights of steps in a stairwell. There are three female students walking in front of me. They are all three significantly overweight, walking side-by-side, and walking very slowly. One of them tells the other two that they need to walk faster because I am behind them. I say that they don't need to, that I'm fine. When we get to the top I follow them through the door. We walk through a small room or a hallway. We arrive at the section of the school where I wanted to be. I tell them that I need to follow them anyway or I would likely get lost. One of them asked me the last time I was at the school and was able to walk around without getting lost. I told them it was thirty years ago, in 1975, when I graduated. They looked at me incredulously. I don't know if they couldn't believe that I had gone to school there, that I had gone there thirty years ago, or if they had never even considered the fact that the school had been there that long. I was thinking about how much the school at changed. They have added on numerous times and done major remodels. As we continued to walk I finally figured out where I was and walked away from them. I headed for the front of the school where the office was. I was sitting in a classroom next to a woman who was talking and carrying on. I was thinking that being in a class with her could be very trying, especially if I ended up sitting next to her because she would be very distracting. She talked all the time, even when the instructor was talking.