I was living in one part of a huge home that almost seems like an old castle or mansion. The part that I was living in was more like a small suite, with two bedrooms, living room, dining room, kitchen, and bathroom. The rest of the house was haunted. There was a man who gave public tours of the home, talking about the hauntings and sightings. He would point out certain hot spots in the home where a particular type of sighting would occur on a regular basis. One of the hot spots was at the top of a staircase. If you stood facing the wall with the staircase leading down to your right, there was artwork hanging on the wall directly in front of you. If you paused there to look at the artwork, something that looked like smoke or steam would rise from the floor. It would rise about 6 feet from the floor and not spread out much wider than the average width of a person. It wasn't always noticeable to the person standing there but was clearly noticeable to anyone standing any distance away. This type of sighting appeared in several different locations and most other locations it was much heavier or more visible. Some people claimed to see ghostly people. Some of my family members were visiting so I took them on a tour and pointed out the hot spots. I was standing at the top of the staircase when that sighting occurred. I noticed it immediately and said, see? That's what I was talking about. Did you see it? At least some of them said they had. As we were moving about the home I started seeing numerous ghostly people. I was surprised because I had not seen them before. I was somewhat afraid but not terribly so. The way some of them looked made them more frightening. Some of the men were unshaven and dirty and dressed in worn and tattered clothing. They were more frightening. They were trying to get my attention because they wanted something from me. One of them walked into me. I had never had that happen before. Because it hadn't happened to me before I didn't know what to do and he was able to become part of me. After a few minutes I was able to do something that forced him out. Once I did that, I was able to prevent others from it when they tried. This upset some of them and that made me a little more afraid. Aunt H appeared. I was happily surprised to see her and spoke with her. She gave me a bouquet of pink and purple silk flowers. Each bloom was similar to a Hibiscus bloom. The bouquet also had some stems of green silk leaves. Only one other member of my family could see any of these ghosts, but even they couldn't see Aunt H. I didn't tell them who I was talking with because I wasn't sure how some of them might react if they knew one of the ghosts. I was particularly concerned how Mother might react. At the same time I seemed to be having flashbacks of Aunt H and Aunt P when they were a bit younger, maybe 30 years ago. Aunt H will turn 90 in just over two months. I am talking to my family and there is an empty bud vase sitting on a counter or high-top piece of furniture, in front of me. Suddenly, and one at a time, these same pink and purple flowers come shooting out of the top of the vase one at a time. As they reach a peak in the air they begin to fall and as they do I catch them. I immediately say, that's Aunt H. She wants to let Mother know that she is here. I tell her to slow down because I'm having trouble catching each flower as fast as they are coming out of the vase. I'm catching them with my right hand and trying to put them in my left hand by the stem as I catch each one. I don't think my family wants to believe me but this is such an unusual thing, and they can tell I am quite surprised by the event myself, that I think they are convinced that I'm telling them the truth. The other ghosts are now being much more aggressive in trying to enter my body. Along one wall in the kitchen is a small settee. A very rough looking man is sitting on the settee. He is actually more slouched, laying haphazardly at a diagonal with one leg outstretched and the foot pointing upward and the other leg bent near the edge of the settee with the foot flat against the floor. He is looking at me as though he is upset with me. I just look away and try to ignore him. There were ten or twelve ghosts wandering around at once at this point. I noticed the former owner of the home, the man who had built it. He had been deceased for many, many years, maybe even close to one hundred years. I immediately approached him as I was excited to see him. I didn't know anything about him but I thought he would really enjoy seeing his home again. I introduced myself, told him I was living there and asked if I could walk around the home and property with him. He seemed very warm and friendly and immediately welcomed my offer to walk with him. As we walked around I pointed out where I was living. He seemed to like that someone had created this small suite in the home and that someone was living here. He also appreciated that it had been so well cared-for. I could tell a lot of love and care had gone into creating this home. I pointed out some particular things that had been done in an attempt to preserve them and slight changes that had to be made at times to be able to preserve them. He nodded yes with interest as I pointed this out. Sometimes he nod seemed more one of understanding and approval. I think he could tell that there were times that I didn't like alterations that were made even though someone had told me they had to be done for preservation. At those times I felt that his nod was more intended to help me feel okay about the alterations. We took a very unusual staircase, I can't recall if we were going up or down. It was not quite spiral but somewhat and it had a very unusual banister. It didn't seem to be made of wood or wrought-iron. I don't know what it was made of. It was dark green in color and had a somewhat ornate design in each piece. He told me about a special area that he had created for his wife on one of the upper floors. It was very well-lit and light-colored in its d_cor. I could tell he was very happy to have done that for his wife, pleased with how it turned out, and was reminiscing about how much she had enjoyed it. I told some of my family about this. We went outside to walk the grounds. I was a bit more apprehensive about this as I wasn't sure how he would feel about the changes that had been made to the landscaping. It turned out I was right to be apprehensive. He wasn't angry, but he was clearly sad about some of the changes. There were a lot of adult trees. These were young trees that he had planted that had been allowed to grow to maturity. He was grateful for that. I was walked beneath the trees on what appeared to be a worn path from others walking there, I would occasionally bend over to try to pull up things that I knew shouldn't be growing there. I would notice a sad smile on his face, appreciating my respect for and efforts to restore the original beauty of the landscaping and the landscaping plan he had so thoughtfully and carefully put into place. There was a man sitting in a lawn lounge chair not too far from us but we both decided to ignore him and keep walking. It felt like a violation of the landscape for that man to be sitting in such a chair and to be sitting where he was.  