I was living in a townhouse that looked similar to mine in waking life except that there were only two townhomes to a building. There was a bit of a side yard between each building, making it look more like a neighborhood of houses. The townhomes also had fairly large backyards that weren't that wide but they were fairly deep. I was outside working in my flowerbed behind the building and I noticed that someone new had moved into the building to my left. It was a young black woman. She was very excited to be there, especially to have a yard and flowerbeds that she could work in. She was also working in her flower beds. She had really thought out what she wanted to do with them, went to a store and bought the things she needed. I walked over to introduce myself and tell her that I liked what she was doing with her flower beds. I was also wondering if I could do something similar without looking like I was just copying what she was doing. I didn't think either one of us would be too happy with me just copying her. She had started by working the dirt really well. It was a beautiful dark brown, well-tilled and ready for planting. She had also bought an edging that looked just like the outside of the building. I thought that was kind of cool and wondered where she had found it, though I knew it wasn't my style. I just didn't know such a thing was available. I think she had a friend helping her and something was said or done that brought attention to a shed in the backyard. For the first time I realized that the shed in my own backyard was partially mine to use. Each building had a shed about midway back that was divided in half and each half was to be used by the tenant of that half of the townhome. I went back to mine and realized my house key worked to unlock my half of the shed. When I opened it I saw that it was full of folding chairs. The previous tenant and hung some wooden racks, for lack of a better description, so they could store all of these chairs in there by hanging them. There were easily 50 chairs hanging in there. There were five rows along the inside wall of the shed with about ten chairs to each row. I don't know who was around but I asked if anyone could use some folding chairs. I don't know if the previous tenant had forgotten them or had knowingly just left them there. They obviously didn't want them because I've been living there for nearly 10 years. Later I'm in the shed with a man I know and the chairs are no longer in there. The floor has a few joists but no other flooring. The dirt can be seen through the joists. There are also so beams running across the top of the shed, with an open space between the beams and the ceiling. We notice some wood planks just laying across these beams and the man I am with begins to pull them down. I mention that they might be good to use to create a floor in the shed, nailing them to the existing joists. He agrees that would work well. I was talking to the new neighbor about living in these buildings because she was somewhat concerned about sharing a wall with neighbors. I told her it had rarely been a problem for me but said something about Wanda U and her family that share my building. We were laughing a bit. At this point it was more like I was observing myself in the dream because I was watching myself talk with the new neighbor about Wanda U and her family and suddenly saw that Wanda U was standing there talking with us at the same time. It made me feel uncomfortable. Even though it didn't seem to be bothering Wanda U at all, maybe she had even started it, it still made me uncomfortable. We went back to talking about flowerbeds. I realized that I had not been to my flowerbed, or flower garden, that was near the shed in quite some time. I keep forgetting that it is even there. I think about other times that I have had this same or a very similar experience.