I had an appointment with Sister Toni. Before my appointment was over it was almost time for Mass. I told her I just had one other thing I would like to discuss with her briefly after Mass if possible. She said that was not a problem at all. We went to Mass in the chapel. Bryan N was there. I acted as though I didn't see him as I didn't want to interact with him in anyway. There are no kneelers in the chapel. When it came time in the Mass to kneel Bryan N sat down in his chair. When he saw the rest of us kneel on the floor he did the same. After Mass I stayed in the chapel waiting for him to leave, again so I wouldn't have to risk interacting with him in any way. I was getting impatient because he was waiting so long. He was the last one, besides me in the chapel. Sister Toni came in and he said something to her about meeting her somewhere to go someplace together. This made me very uncomfortable and a little bit upset, though I know I had no reason or right to be upset by this. It felt a bit as though she was taking sides or betraying me, which I know is ridiculous. I went back to her office to wait for her. Just outside her office she had a very small, enclosed, grassy area. I was looking out the window and noticed a path across the middle of the area that looked like it had been made by two tires very close together. The grass was completely gone and the dirt was slightly raised between the two tire tracks. It was only a few feet long so I thought this was very bizarre. There wasn't enough room for anything with tires to even be in there let alone wear such a path in the grass. Then I noticed something similar at one end of the area. I was going to ask her what happened to her grass. I sat and waited and saw her out in the main area doing something. She seemed to either be putting some things away from Mass or preparing for something else, maybe both. She finally saw me in my office and remembered that she had told me could talk a few more minutes after Mass. She said she would be right in. I kept waiting and waiting. I couldn't decided whether to keep waiting or to go ahead and leave. Most of the time I couldn't see her out there so I wasn't even sure she was still out there. I thought about just leaving a check on her desk but realized I wouldn't have another appointment scheduled then.