I was working at WDF, making some phone calls. A new promotion had just been received by the franchise owners. I would be on the phone talking with someone and two more people would call and get my voice mail and leave messages. After this happened a number of times I finally told Al H that I might need help with some of the calls. I talked to a few new franchise owners, using a headset. As soon as they told me who they were I asked them to hold for just a second and I reached for my laptop to move it front of me so it would be easier for me to take down more information and more accurately. Then I would start by asking them for some basic information like contact information. I had written notes on post-it's about people I needed to call back. While I was on the phone Marcia N came up and grabbed some of them and I overheard her say, I'll just take some of these and return them. She also said something to the effect that I was obviously going to need help with this, implying something about my competence. She had not heard what I said to Al H. I didn't like it that she took the messages without asking me nor did I like what she said. If I was going to ask for help, I wanted to go through them and decide which ones I needed or wanted to call myself and which ones I was willing to turn over to someone else because the people were calling for a variety of reasons. Then Deena A came up and grabbed a bunch of them that I was going to need to go over with Al H. This bothered me even more. But, again, because I was on the phone at the time I couldn't stop her either. As soon as I got off the phone I went to both Marcia N and Deena A and told them I needed the messages back. They both seemed to get irritated with me. I said I just need to figure out where I am with all of these before anybody walks off with them. They were both so irritated and thought I didn't need them back or they thought I was up to something. I'm not sure what. I'm now sitting on the edge of a bed working. They bring all of the messages back and more toss them to me than hand them to me nicely. Some of them just land on the bed. They aren't in any kind of a neat pile and the post-its are different colors. Thankfully they were written on post-its or I'm sure some of them would have gotten lost going back and forth. I'm sitting on the bed trying to sort through them and decide to create an Excel sheet to type in who called, their phone number, date of the call, and a message about what needs to be done or if they left a message what their message was. After I did that I would be better able to determine how Marcia N and Deena A could best help.