There was something going on in my home that there was someone else there. I don't know how many people were there, not alot but I think more than one. I was standing in the hallway, leaning with my back against the wall, facing my office door. I saw Ben D coming up the steps and was shocked to see him there. He looked up at me with his familiar huge smile as he climbed the steps. I stood there frozen, not even being able to imagine why he was there. As he reached the landing, without saying a word he approached me, put his arms around me and began to kiss me. I reciprocated. I put both hands up and began to run them along the smooth skin of his head, quickly realizing that he was letting his hair grow. About that time he pulled slightly away and told me that he had been thinking about letting his hair grow back and told me why. I told him I think he is very handsome the way he is but I'm sure he would be just as handsome if he let his hair grow back. I could see it was very short, fairly thin, and completely gray, not the longer, thick, black hair I recalled from the picture he had once shown me. As we continued to kiss he stopped for a moment again and said something about someone seeing us. I took his hand and led him across the hallway into my bedroom, asking with a smile if this would be more comfortable. He smiled and excitedly said absolutely. He removed just his shirt and lied down on his back. I didn't remove any of my clothing but lied down next to him on my left side. He once again put his arms around me and we continued to kiss. He wanted to make love but I wasn't sure what I wanted. I told him to wait just a minute while I went to the bathroom. I was using the bathroom and he came walking in. I was so embarrassed and uncomfortable and said something to him. He knew he had made me uncomfortable by coming in the bathroom while I was using it. Rather than apologizing and leaving he stood in front of me talking about why this should be perfectly fine with me, because it's a perfectly normal human function. Nothing he said made me feel any more okay with it. We decided to go out in public, a few places, but I'm not sure where. One place seemed to be church, but not for a service. Before we left he had asked me to put something in my handbag for him and I told him I couldn't. I think the truth is that for some reason I didn't want to and I think he suspected this. So he had an off-white bag, the best I can describe it is what some would call a "man bag," that he carried with him under his arm, even though it appeared to have two handles. One other time while we were out he made some comment about the bag, insinuating that he wished I would have helped him so he wouldn't have to be carrying it with him. I didn't respond. While we were out he finally told me why he was there. He had been diagnosed with a rare, untreatable, terminal illness. The doctors had given him about three months to live and he wanted to spend those three months here. My first reaction was extreme sadness and a desire to do whatever I could for him, and to help him with whatever he wanted. I suppose the fact that he would never do this in waking life didn't even occur to me in the dream. We were back at my home, though it now looks very different than my waking life home. It reminds me more of an old Victorian home, with lots of beautiful, dark wood throughout each of its large rooms. Someone I lived with was talking about others who lived there and how messy they were, leaving their things lying about. She said something about wishing there weren't so many people living there. As she said that I saw Ben D's luggage sitting on the floor in a corner. There was quite a bit since he had hoped to be staying. At first I wondered how my roommate was going to take this news. But I quickly realized that she is a very, kind and compassionate person and would be accepting of the idea with no ill feelings. Somewhere through this I was thinking about how sad it would be to not see him at conference anymore.