Football stadium, one long side of it was for the Colts and the other long side of it had nothing to do with football. I was attending an event on the non-football side, not in the city where I live, and had a sleeping room on the 14th floor. Macy F was also attending but had her own room on a lower floor. We were both frustrated by something at the event. I found a solution and shared it with her but she either didn't like it or didn't believe me. There was a male child who wanted to experience some type of parachute thing there. The cords of the parachute were laced through a slit in a cement floor, part of the building, for safety and came together at the end, held together by a yellow, metal piece that had a hook on the other end of it. The cords went in one end and the hook was on the other. The child was floating in the air attached to this parachute. Alan K and another man were standing beneath the cement floor holding the ends of the cords just above the yellow piece to try to assure that the child did not go off into the air. I was concerned that if the wind was too strong they might lose their grip so I hooked the yellow, metal piece to a hook on the bottom side of the cement floor. When the child was back down and unattached the two men saw what I had done and became very angry. They said they could have gotten injured because I did that. I was upset with them, thinking that they seemed to be more concerned about themselves than about this child. I got lost on my way to my room and found myself on the far other side of the stadium, the football side. I was feeling nervous and upset about being lost and about having gotten so far from where I needed to be. I asked someone for directions to get back and they didn't seem to know what I was talking about, but gave me directions anyway. I tried to follow their directions but it didn't get me anywhere. Then I saw a woman and asked her. She didn't seem to know what I was talking about either. She didn't realize that there was another side to this building, and that it had a completely different purpose. We were looking out a row of very large single pane windows, larger than you would see at an airport terminal. The only thing visible was land. I don't know if it was just dirt, or grass, or some of both. There might have been some trees but I'm not sure. She said something to imply that she was having trouble believing me about their being another side to this building because all we could see from the windows was this land. I always took steps up to my room. The steps appeared to be in an area kind of like a stair well on it was about twice the size, maybe a bit larger, of a normal stairwell. There were two flights of steps, each facing opposite the other, between each floor. The bottom flight had an angled wall that rose about three or four feet higher than each step. It seems that I took these steps a number of times, but not always to get to my room, or at least they didn't always lead to my room.