I decided to go for a bike ride and take a route that I had not ridden in awhile. I was going to return by taking a long country road that ended directly in front of my home. If I kept riding in the same direction as the road I would ride directly into my driveway. This is not all like my waking life home. As I was riding various country roads toward my home I would come to intersections. The first couple of times I slowed way down, almost stopping, before turning onto another road. At the final intersection, however, I didn't slow down at all. I decided I could maintain my speed and navigate the turns without incident. The first was a 90 degree right turn and then less than a undred a feet further ahead was a 90 degree left turn. I navigated both successfully without toppling my bicycle. The left turn put me on the long straight road that led to my house. As I road I came to a large mansion of a home that was being built. I thought about the fact that I had stopped there some months before and talked to the woman owner about a job as property manager. I would guess the woman owner to be somewhere around seventy years of age, with lovely, silver-grey hair. I decided to stop and see if she was there and follow up with her. The structure was not yet completely enclosed so I just walked in through an opening. I saw several construction workers and asked one if the owner was there. I had barely gotten the question out when she walked up. I reintroduced myself and told her I was there to follow up with her regarding our previous conversation. She didn't seem to remember me, but was willing to talk with me again because she was still looking for a property manager to help her finish the project and then perform various functions once the building was completed. There was another younger woman there as well. She had blonde hair and was thirty or forty years old. She was not there the last time and did most of the talking this time. In building this project, they had moved some important items from another property. One item was a very large, beautiful, ornate driveway arch that was made of cement. It was a very pale salmon color and looked very regal. They had also relocated an old cemetery that had contained six or so gravesites. When they relocated it they had not reburied the coffins, all of which looked like the 6 sided pine boxes that were once used for burials. Each looked very weathered and had a cross on top. They were a hundred or more years old and had historical significance. There was something else that they had moved, also of historical significance. They had not done anything with either of these sites because they were waiting to hear what they were required to do, both legally and according to historic preservation requirements. Before I went in to find the owner I had looked at both of these sites again. I found them fascinating and thought it would be quite a bit of fun to recreate or restore these two historically significant sites. When I was inside talking to the owner and her younger employee, I mentioned these two sites. The younger woman said they were likely not going to do anything else with them as they recently learned they were not required to do anything. My first thought that this was disrespectful, especially to the people whose remains were in the coffins. They were intending to just leave the coffins sitting above ground. I knew immediately that if I were to get the job I would try to convince the owner to do something with both of these sites that would be both respectful of the individuals buried but also respectful of the historical significance of the two sites. After we finished talking I got back on my bike and continued my ride home. I had not gone very far when I saw someone else was building a new home, but this one was being build right on the road, so the only way to continue down the road was to ride through the home. It was not fully enclosed yet. I apologized as I was riding through, though there was really no alternative other than to ride through the grass. I decided to stop and see if I might be able to get a part-time, temp job with the construction company. I was talking to the project manager as he and two other men were working. One of the men didn't seem very competent and I could tell by the way the other two looked at each other that they were frustrated with him. I reached up and helped with something they were doing that the third man didn't seem able to do. They seemed impressed that I knew what to do and was able to do it. I told them that I'm not afraid of power tools, have some working knowledge of this kind of work, and can handle small tasks like this. The project manager told the other man they should give me a chance so the other man pulled out a sheet of paper and looked at to see when they could use me. He said I could come in at 3:30 and work until twelve. At first I thought he meant 3:30 in the afternoon. Since it was just going to be five hours a day I decided it would be fine. Five hours a day doesn't fit with the twelve o'clock stop time. Then he clarified that he mean come in at 3:30 in the morning and work until 7 in the morning. I started to say that I couldn't do that but then quickly said okay, thinking that the experience would be good and since it was only part-time it would be okay. I asked him about clothing requirements. He told me that I would need to wear dark grey pants, something like Dockers and a dark red golf shirt. I knew this meant that I would need to go shopping that day so I would have the clothes I need to go to work in the morning. I thanked him and got back on my bike to continue my ride home. After riding a short distance I came upon another house being built in the road. A little later there was a spa type business that was partially built in the road and partially on both sides of the road. I didn't understand how it could be that I hadn't seen it there before as I had to take this road to get from my house to another road or street to go anywhere. This spa had been there for some time. It had numerous regular customers, several were there at that time. None of it was fully enclosed, so it was exposed to the elements. The part in the road looked like a very large spa tub. It had lounge chairs sitting all around it and employees checking in with the customers sitting there to see if they wanted or needed anything. All of the customers were wearing thick, white, terry-cloth robes like you would typically see in a spa. Two women got up and walked to a part of the spa that was to the right of the road, talking to each other as they walked. I wondered how expensive their services were and thought it would be nice to be able to come here on occasion. As I continued my ride home there were several other businesses built on the road. It didn't even cross my mind how people get to these places since they are all built in the road and there is no other road leading to any of them. Several times I thought it seemed to be a long ride home. I didn't remember the road being nearly this long. I kept looking off into the distance to reassure myself that I was going in the right direction. It never looked like I was but I knew I had to be because off in the distance looked like nothing but landscape and I knew the other end of the road ended at an intersection with a bunch of buildings around on all four corners of the intersection and branching out in every direction. There were also a number of times when it all felt like I had this exact same experience before. It was similar to when I dream something and realize that I had dreamt it before, though I wasn't thinking about it being a dream at the time.