I was working at ITI in Kimberli W's office. She wasn't supposed to be there that day but she was. I was still working at her desk and computer. She didn't seem to be doing anything though. I didn't know if she was going to be there all day or just part of the day. At lunch time she was going to run some personal errand and asked me if I wanted to go along. I just smiled and said no thank you. She seemed a bit put-off by that, though there was no reason for her to. She knows that I like to work through my lunch break and go home an hour earlier instead. She came back with what looked to be a white, plastic grocery bag. It had four plastic tumblers in it, each a different color. I would guess them to be 12oz size. The president of the school had called her into his office and wanted to chat with her about not using her time well. When she came back she was, of course, upset by this. We looked out the window and saw that the president had gone outside with another employee and was hitting baseballs. Kimberli W was going around talking with various people. A couple times I tried to say something to her but each time she interrupted and either spoke to me or to someone else. I was thinking that the next time I see him I might jokingly say something to him about not inviting me to play. My reason for doing this was an indirect way to try to point out that he had just spoken to Kimberli W about not using his time well then he went outside with another employee to hit baseballs. I wasn't upset just because it was Kimberli W. It was the principle that bothered me. I was going to ask Kimberli W if she wanted to dare me to say something to him knowing that when someone dares me to do something I normally take the dare. Before I had a chance to say anything he came back in. He came in to her office again. She and I were both there. Before she had a chance to say anything I told him that he didn't invite me to join him. He looked at me with a confused look. I told him that I saw him outside as I pointed toward the window. He half-smiled. I told him I played the catcher position for about 6 years on a women's softball team and I was pretty good at it. I said that I could have been his catcher. I was just joking around with him. He said something to indicate some interest in the fact that I played on a women's softball team and especially in that position. After he walked away, there were several times that various female employees came into the office to get something. I finally realized that the errand Kimberli W had run at lunch time was something that she had taken orders for something and she had gone to pick up the merchandise. The other employees who had purchased things from her were coming in to her office to pay her and pick up their things. One time someone came in and Kimberli W wasn't around but she saw her things sitting on the floor. She wanted to pay and take her things instead of waiting for Kimberli W or coming back. I asked her to wait while I tried to find Kimberli W's credit card. Then I realized it wasn't Kimberli W's credit card that I would need. I needed this woman's credit card. She handed it to me. I wrote down all of the information that I thought Kimberli W would need on something that I had seen others have as a receipt. She left with her merchandise and her receipt. I went after her and told her that I was sorry to bother her but she had left with all copies of the receipt instead of just the pink copy. There were actually two different types of receipts. I took the pink slip out of each one and gave them to her. She said something to me. 