Matthew was out for awhile so I decided to fix lunch. I was going to deep-fry something, which I would never do in waking life. As I was waiting for the oil to heat I saw a plate of mini egg rolls sitting on the counter and decided to reheat them by putting them in the oil as well. I had a very large soup pan and only had a few inches of oil in it. As the things I put in started cooking I was doing some other things in the kitchen and suddenly noticed oil spilling out of the pan onto the stove and the counter top. I just kept working and then noticed the oil getting very near the edge of the countertop. I quickly grabbed a few paper towels and placed them at the edge to prevent the oil from going on to the floor. Then I noticed that some had already dripped onto the floor. I took my paper towel and began trying to wipe up the oil wherever I saw it. I noticed that the burner drip tray was completely full of oil. I looked into the pan and saw that there was almost no oil left in it. I turned off the burner. Using a strainer spoon, I lifted the food out of the pan in a little at a time and placed it all on a plate that had a paper towel on it, so the some of the oil would soak into the paper towel. Sometime during this Matthew came home and had some leftovers with him from the meal he had while he was out. It was also something fried, but there were little bits of whatever it was. I put it in the oil with my things to reheat it as well. I had just finished taking the things off the stove when some of my family showed up. We all sat down in the living room. After a little while I realized that they were planning to stay for a little while but I knew I needed to eat so I brought the plate of things I had taken off the stove, popped one in my mouth and brought the rest to the living room to share. I sat the plate on an ottoman and told everyone to help themselves. BJ is the only person that took one. I continued to eat as we talked. I told Matthew that I had a new project I wanted him to help me with. I told him that I wanted to make the screened porch usable and especially, to put my chaise lounge that sits on the patio in the summer out there so I have a place that I can sit and read. It appeared that he didn't really see what I was going for, or didn't think it would work. I said that I realized I wouldn't be able to use the room when it is raining, but I could use it any other time. I also said I don't know why I haven't done anything with it before now. I've thought about it before and even talked about it before. In the dream I was trying to remember which of my waking life homes had this screened in porch. I thought about the house on Lakeland Dr., but immediately remembered that we had built a deck on the back of that house that ran 2/3rd of the length of the house. I then remembered, still in the dream, that I had dreamt about this same screened porch before, not that it had been on any of my homes. It is certainly something I would love to have on a home. The porch runs the full length of my home in the dream, which is a long ranch home. It isn't very wide. We all walk out there to talk about what I want to do with it. As soon as we enter the porch we see lots of things sitting here and there. There is a bicycle, a single chair facing a small cabinet housing a Nintendo video game. As I look at the various things I look at Matthew and ask if he remembered it was out there and if it was something he still wanted. Some of the things I was disappointed in myself that I had forgotten that they were there. Someone said they noticed three pair of boots sitting just inside the door that leads to the yard. They said that was a sign that this room was obviously used some times. I'm sitting on a small outdoor bench facing the other part of the house. Bill F. is sitting to my right. I mention some item that was back there and asked him if he wanted it and he shook his head no. I mentioned something else and asked if he wanted that and he shook his head no again. Then, I asked him if he wanted to play the video game and he shook his head yes as he stood up to walk over to it. Then BJ came up and was crouched down near the floor and showed me a sketch she did for what she thought I should do in the room. Her drawing showed various pieces of dark wood furniture and the primary color in the room was a deep red. As she was explaining her suggestions to me I was just thinking that it was nice and I agreed with her, but that would all take money and I'm still unemployed.