Most of this nightmare felt like a chase scene from a movie. I was at my birth home spending the night. Bev was a child, maybe six or seven years old. I was in bed doing something on my laptop. I put the laptop away and tried to go to sleep. I couldn't get comfortable so I finally took my clothes off, thinking that no one ever comes in the room or even opens the door without my permission when I'm spending the night there. A few minutes later Bev came and crawled into bed. I decided I would quietly my clothes back on as soon as she fell asleep and in the meantime I would just make sure there were always blankets between us. Something seemed to be wrong but she wouldn't say much. Mother came in the room and gave her what must have been a favorite doll that was wrapped in two blankets. A little while later Mother came in the room with a small bouquet of flowers and gave those to Bev, laying them with her in bed. I thought this was very odd. After Mother left the room I coaxed Bev into talking to me. She wasn't feeling well physically. Mother had given her something and then brought the doll and the flowers in for comfort. I moved the blankets off of bed because of the flowers and realized that mother had wrapped Bev in two plastic bags. The one closest to her was the kind of plastic bag you use for fresh produce at a grocery store, but Bev fit in it completely. There was another plastic bag over the top of it. They were completely stuck to her body because they were making her so hot. I quickly took them off of her for fear of what they would do to her. I became furious with Mother for doing this and wondered why she would do such a thing, especially to Bev. I moved her close to me and just held her close to me and rubbed her back to comfort her. I think I was trying to comfort myself as much as her. I reached over to set my alarm so I wouldn't oversleep in the morning. As I did I hit the sleep button instead of the button to set the time on the alarm. This aggravated me because I didn't want to be listening to music for a half hour. I turned the volume way down and hoped I would remember to turn it back up in a half hour. Other members of the family showed up and came into the room. Mother and Daddy stayed in their bedroom the whole time. We began talking about some of the things they had done to all of us over the years. A few decided that it was time to confront them and then walk away. I asked Bev if she would want to come and live with me and she said yes. I didn't want to leave her there after that. Then Todd A came and sat next to her and she cuddled up to him. I asked her if she would rather live with me or be wherever Todd A was and she said with Todd A. I was surprised and hurt but did my best not to show it. Bob F had each of us write a note to Mother and Daddy on small note cards. I didn't want to do it. I was concerned about what this would do to Daddy, since he is the more fragile of the two, both emotionally and physically. I finally wrote something but I didn't even know how to begin to put into words what I felt, especially on this little card. I don't think what I wrote was even close to accurate. It was more of something just to appease my siblings. After everyone was done writing their notes Bob F took them to their bedroom, gave them to them, and then returned to my room. I told Bev she needed to pack a few things right away. We were all just going to leave. Bev kept getting distracted and I kept trying to get her focused on getting some things together so we could leave. We were all going to leave together so no one person was left alone to possibly face them. Before we could leave they walked into my bedroom. It's a small room so it seemed like wall-to-wall people. There was just barely room for them to step inside the door. I don't remember much of the conversation except that they tried to address a few of us individually about what we had written on the card. When they got to me, I mostly told them that they could never accept me for who I am and what I want to do with my life. They responded and as tears came to my eyes my voice cracked as I told them I've never been able to just be myself around them and we've never been able to talk to them. Mother walked out of the room for a couple of minutes and then returned with what appeared to be a six or so medicine tablets in her hand. She began to tell me how she had found these laying here and there when I was still living at home, before I got married. I looked at the small white, round pills and asked what they were. Daddy asked me what they looked like. I just looked up at him and then at Mother and knew immediately that they were birth control pills. Mother looked at me with the same disgust that had become familiar to me so many years ago. I got angry and asked her why she would save them, especially all of these years. Before she had a chance to answer I asked her if it made her angry because I didn't talk to her first like Bev did. I reminded her that she suggested that Bev move in with her fianc_e before she got married. At least I didn't do that. They both turned and walked out of the run and we all left. I kept Bev close to me because I knew this would be most upsetting to her. I thought she and I were going to get in BJ's car but then Brian F told me that BJ was riding with her and there was room for us in his car because it was some unusual kind of car with three rows of seats. As Bev and I got in the middle seat I saw the third row of seats behind us. Now we were trying to get away without someone catching us. We seemed to be on the high school property. There were quite a few buildings and there were cement steps what seemed to be about every hundred feet or so. They were very close together. Each time we came to a set of steps there were three flights. The first flight went one direction, the next flight went in the opposite direction, and the third flight in the same direction as the first. Brian F backed down the flights of steps in his car. He went so fast that I was frightened but he did it so cleanly that I realized he had done this more than once before. As is typical for him, he was laughing as he did it. Sometimes he took these hills that were as steep down and then immediately up again just like a roller coaster. Bev and I neither one liked it at all and I told him so. He said it was necessary. I didn't recognize or know a few of the people with us. They were friends of some of the family members. We had to stop for a little while for some reason. One of the females with us that I didn't know decided she was going to use the restroom while we were stopped. The restroom was not enclosed along the front. It was a long row of stalls with doors, but no walls. It was night time so you couldn't see much. If I strained my eyes I could see her feet under the stall door. It was a coed restroom. She took so long we kept asking her if she was okay or if she was about ready to go. She finally came out and now we had to wait for someone else. I decided to use the restroom very quickly before we left again. Six or eight other family members followed me. Now there were no walls to the stalls. It was just three long rows of toilets out in the open. I was very embarrassed and didn't like this when the other family members came in but none of them seemed to mind. An employee was standing there waiting for us to leave so she could close up for the night. I quickly got up and walked away. After everyone else was back in the cars I went back to the restroom hoping to use it in private but the woman had replaced all of the toilets with tan plastic chairs. We were no longer in cars. We were in something that reminds me of the cars of a roller coaster at an amusement park, except that each car could only seat one person and the person in front actually drove it. There were several of these though, with several members of the family in each. The first couple of times that we got out and back in I put Bev in the seat with me even though the seat was only made to hold one person. I had her wear the seatbelt. The last two times we got out and back in Bev wanted to sit alone in the very back seat. I said okay, but frequently turned around to check on her. We were now traveling on rails that looked somewhat like roller coaster tracks, except the look of what was on the bottom of them changed frequently. There were three or four different looks in all. The track was barely wider than the width of an adult. Some times we traveled on them much faster than others. People who worked on this property knew we were there and were chasing us. Peggy F and some of Bob F's boys were with us. Mari Kate S was with us and was car sick. She was sitting right behind me. Nothing I suggested to her helped her. Now the car that I was in was being driven by someone I didn't know. He stopped the car long enough to put a plastic tub next to her in case she became too ill. We got split up. They started pointing guns at us. Brian F pulled out a gun, shot, and killed one of the men. I was horrified and even more concerned about what this was all doing to Bev. The others let us think we were all getting away and then I suddenly saw a series of explosions on a track a little distance from us. I could only watch as I realized that members of my family were being killed one-by-one. I was too upset to even scream or cry. I was trying to think who might have been in that car. I got out and began running with Bev. I thought we were getting away. As we kept running, down steps, sliding down some cement tracks, etc., other family members would see us and join us. We got to a place that looked like a bit of a maze and we saw a guard with a flashlight approaching. We all crouched down as far as we could hoping not to be detected. I was covering Bev. The guard was practically right next to us, shining the flashlight around looking at various things. Sometimes the beam of her flashlight just barely missed us. Bev was now an adult and was sitting further behind me. She had on a dangling bracelet that kept making noise. I heard others behind me giggling. I was getting very upset. The guard was going to hear this. She did and shined her flashlight on us. All of the women in our group offered to give her all of our jewelry if she would just let us go. She agreed. We got to a grassy hill. All we had to do was climb the hill, get through a wire fence and cross the road on the other side of the fence. Then we could disappear into the wooded area there. Actually, I was thinking that once we were off of their property they couldn't do anything, but I didn't want to take any chances. I wanted to get into the woods so they couldn't spot us. Bev was small again now. I raced across the road with her and some other family members followed me. Someone thought we should stay visible to try to get the attention of any of the others if we saw them. I thought one person could be the lookout for the others without being seen, only to stand out and get their attention if they saw them. It would minimize the risk. At the end I wondered if everyone was actually okay, that maybe someone else had been killed in the explosions. [I didn't record all of this because I don't want to.]