I'm standing with a group of people looking at a large parcel of land. We are going to be building a home for Uncle J and Aunt A. Then someone rips off a corner of something, still related to the house and it reveals another layer of something. It is significant that they are doing this. It signifies something. We build the house with all of the latest technological advances. Their bed is particularly unusual. It is motorized and comes apart into sections that turn it into a square sitting area. It does something else as well but I can't recall now what it was. I thought they would especially like that part. Their whirlpool tub was also unique in what it does. I knew they would also be very excited about that. We all had to stop working on the house to attend a wedding. While I was at the wedding Marlene F came up to me. She had two, very pretty, dark-silver chain necklaces fashioned in a twisted rope look that she laid down in front of me. I was sitting and looked up at her and said, you need the necklaces that I was responsible for buying and I would go home to get them. We had a prior discussion some weeks ago about me being able to do something to help. She thought this was the list I could do, to buy these necklaces. They wanted one for each female guest at the wedding. I agreed to take care of this because I thought I could take care of it without my crazy schedule and over-commitment getting in the way. When she came up to me I didn't want to tell her that I didn't do it, especially that I had forgotten. So I gave her the impression that I simply forgot to bring them with me. As I was leaving I realized that even if I was able to find them right now she was still going to have to wrap each of them and she needed seven hundred of them. That was going to take a long time to wrap. As I walked out of the building there was a long line of people waiting to get in. It must have been the reception line, that people were congratulating the newlyweds as they entered the building. I saw some of the Kunkel's, my cousins, standing in line. I asked if any of them had been to the house yet to see the progress we had made but none of them had. I was driving alone in a very unusual little car. It kind of reminds me of a bumper car at an amusement park except that it is taller. There is room for only one person. There was nothing where my legs went. There were no pedals, no steering wheel or anything. I don't know where they would have room for those things, or even for an engine. I'm driving and I wanted to turn around and thinking that I knew there was a place shortly in front of me that I could turn around. When I got there I saw a chain link gate across the drive so I couldn't pull in there to turn around. It was a retail business area. These gates continued at every drive along there. I remembered street or road a few hundred feet in front of me that I take often that would be just as easy for me to take rather than just turning around on the same road I was on. I realized that the city had been doing major road construction and had completely gotten rid of this street or road. I had to keep going and was wondering how long I would have to drive to find a place to turn around. There were no more businesses, only a fence between the roadway and some grassy land, or fields, with trees in the distance on both sides of the road. I realized that I could just take 96th Street so I turned right as soon as I came to it. I took that to A1 Rd and prepared to turn right again. I was back in a retail business district again. I was concerned about the safety of turning right on red because the intersection was angled in a way that made it very difficult for me to see if anything was coming from my left to be sure that it was clear for me to turn right. I was thinking about talking to someone about this change. As I was driving down A1 Rd I pulled off along the side of the road. Uncle J and Aunt A walked up. Uncle J is standing in the grass to my right, but has crouched down to talk to me about this car that I'm driving. He is saying that it isn't legal to drive it on these roads. I told him that I'm aware of this but that it is so convenient for someone like me and how I wish someone would make a car like this that I could legally drive all the time. Aunt A is standing on the other side of my car reading a newspaper. She tells me about an ad in the paper for a place that is having a sale on chain necklaces. They are very nice quality but they are only ninety-nine cents each. The sale was going to end at 1:00 p.m. I looked at my watch and it was 1:01. I asked them if they had been to the house yet and they said they hadn't. I was so excited about what we were doing that I really wanted to be there when they saw it, especially the master suite with the special bed and whirlpool tub. I told them I was very sure that they were really going to love it. I decided to call the store and tell them my predicament and see if they would give me the sale price anyway because I needed seven hundred or all they had. It was now ten or fifteen minutes after the hour. I went to different stores but had trouble finding simple, silver chain necklaces and certainly couldn't find anyone that had seven hundred of them. 