Many of my family members were at my home for a gathering. It didn't look like my waking life home, inside or out. I had a basement in this home and outside you had to walk up eight or so steps to get to the front door. I had a Ficus Tree sitting near a door between a hallway and the living room. We had set up some folding chairs to have enough room for people to sit and one of them was sitting across from but very close to this tree, narrowing the walking space from the hallway into the living room. As people went through there they were constantly brushing against the tree and knocking leaves off. At first I was trying to keep them thinking that it was a silk tree and I could just put them back on later. By the end of the afternoon there were only a few branches left that still had leaves on them. Someone started talking about this and I said I was just going to reattach as many of the leaves that I still had so it wasn't a problem. But as I looked at it more I realized that it wasn't silk at all, that it was a live tree. I felt foolish for not knowing this. I realized this because I saw that it was live because the leaves were starting to brown and die from the abuse it had taken all day. I picked it up because it was very light, just like a silk one would be, and turned it a bit sideways and talked to someone about the fact that it was dying. I knew I needed to just dispose of it at this point. Someone offered to take it out to the dumpster for me. I said something to someone about how much larger the room felt without the tree in there. I was trying to be nice but inside I was very sad that my tree had been killed because I had it for so many years prior and I hate it when any of my houseplants die. Without telling me, when they did that they actually decided to chop up the branches and trunk and bring them back in so I could use them for firewood. There much more firewood from it than I would have imagined, with longer and thicker pieces than I thought it had. But it was clean and easy for me to move and manage so I appreciated it. When you came in the front door, you would take a few steps to your left and then there was a wall to your left running vertically in the direction you were facing. It was a short wall and that is where the fireplace was. When facing the fireplace, at the left end of the fireplace was another wall that created a corner, but that wall was a small curve away from the fireplace. I had them set the wood on the floor in front of the fireplace and on the hearth. Matthew asked me if I had ever used that fireplace since we had been living there and I told him I didn't think we had but I love fireplaces and would certainly love to. I was trying to remember why I had never used it. I used the fireplaces in my previous homes quite frequently. We all went downstairs but I don't remember why. I was talking about the fact that I would like to rearrange the furniture and things down there to create several different areas or zones. I wanted a small sitting area where people could just sit and talk or read, an area to watch TV, and an area for games as I had one or two game tables, though I can't remember what kind they were. Bev and Matthew thought it would be fun to help me move things around and see what we could come up with so the other adults decided to help. I immediately thought of three chairs down there that I thought would be best for the sitting area. People brought other chairs over for that area and I was trying to kindly tell them that I didn't think they were the best there. I didn't want to nix everything they tried or be critical when they were willing to help me. We finally agreed on three chairs and a small round table. The table sat against the wall with two chairs flanking it and one facing it and all placed fairly close together so it was a very cozy area where people could talk quietly and still be able to hear each other very well. That part was easy but the rest we kept moving things around and around trying to find something that worked. I seemed to have more than one sofa. There is a somewhat short hallway leading away from the main area of the basement that leads to doctor's offices. I asked what they thought about storing the children's toys along the wall in the hallway across from the office doors. I thought the hallway was wide enough that they wouldn't be in the way and the children could get the toys and bring them into the main area to play rather than playing in the hallway. Still, no one thought that was a good idea. I had walked away for a little bit and when I came back they had placed two sofas in the hall along the same wall as the office doors. It didn't leave very much room to walk through there and I said that there had to be enough room for patients to walk through there to get to the doctors offices. Behind the sofas looks like a huge storage area with all kinds of boxes and stuff sitting there, almost forming a wall behind the sofas. Where the main area met the hallway there was another set of steps leading up to a room or two that were not part of the house where we came down from. Doctor C was up there sleeping. While we were moving things around he came down as he was getting ready to leave for work, to see patients. He was very tired and somewhat grumpy, which wasn't all that unusual. I talked to him briefly as he was fixing his tie. He had on black slacks with a grey tweed suit jacket, white shirt, and black tie. He looked very handsome. I think that particular combination makes most men look good. As he got ready to head up the other set of steps to leave I put my hand on his upper back and told him to have a good day. Outside near the dumpster I saw two large round flowerpots, probably twenty inches in diameter. One had a large, white Hydrangea in it that didn't have many blooms left on it, which is why someone had set it by the dumpster. The other had some kind of deep rose colored flower in it that was wilted and falling over the edge of the pot. I asked some of the male family members if they would get them and bring them into my home. I wanted to see if I could save them because I thought they were both such pretty flowers and I didn't have any hydrangeas or the other. They thought I was kind of crazy but they did as I asked. Doctor C came back from work and everyone is still in the basement, sitting around tables and other places eating a casual dinner of sub sandwiches that we had made. Doctor C picked up a full length sub, took a couple of bites of it, set it down on a chair and walked away. Seconds later he went back and picked it up. I was standing on a landing half way up the steps that led up to the other room or two. I was leaning against the wall just watching everyone and smiling. Doctor C came up to where I was standing. I turned slightly and leaned my back against the wall. He stood very close to me, facing me. He held his sandwich with one hand and with his right hand turned me slightly so he could put his right arm around my back and pull me closer. We didn't say much, if anything, just stood there slightly smiling at each other. A couple of times, in between bites, he leaned a bit closer and gave me a very quick, light kiss on the lips.