Bob F and I were babysitting Bev's children at her house. She only had two and they were both much younger than in waking life, and much closer in age. We took them somewhere in an SUV. It had gotten very quiet in the car so I asked where everyone was. Neither of the children answered. I turned around and didn't see either of them in the two seats behind us. It was dark so I reached back with my hand to see if I could feel them on the floor but they weren't there. I became panicked. Bob F turned the vehicle around and started slowly retracing our route while we watched outside to see if we could find them, thinking that they had maybe somehow gotten out of the vehicle. We were on a street in a subdivision and there were children everywhere trick or treating. We finally stopped the car, got out and opened the back of the SUV. There they were they were crouched down behind the back seat hiding from us. They thought it was funny until they realized how angry we were. I told them to never, ever do anything like that again. We took the Bob F was going to drive me home when they got back and then drive all the way back to his house, which would mean five or six hours driving time for him. Bev called about eight in the evening to say they were on their way home and asked if we wanted them to stop and get anything on their way. We said no, we were fine. She was concerned about Bob F staying awake doing all that driving, especially so late at night. I told her that he and I agreed we would stop along the way to get something if he started getting drowsy. When they arrived home Bev tried to get Rachel S to bed while we got ready to go but she said she only wanted me to put her to bed. I went back into the house and helped her get ready for bed. I got a peach-colored, lightweight nightgown that was very girly and pretty and had a matching robe. In the bathroom I got the nightgown on her, helped her put the robe on, and then walked her into her bedroom. She lay down on the floor under a hardback chair and immediately closed her eyes and fell asleep. I went back outside and told Bev she fell asleep almost immediately after she lay down. I commented that she does the same thing Bev used to do, sleeping on the floor all the time.