I had gone out to run errands. I walked by one store that should have been open and saw a sign in the window that it was closed for bass fishing. My first thought was that it was kind of odd but then thought it was also kind of cool that someone would do that today. I went in to Sullivan's for something. I walked by a display of small boats for fishing. One in particular, was only large enough for one individual and was made particularly for bass fishing. I could tell there had been several there and that there was only one left. The one that was left was one I had taken in to sell on consignment. It was in perfect condition when I took it there but now it was coming apart at the seams. I picked it up, intending to take it home and fix it. Halfway to the door I decided I shouldn't do that so I went and placed it back where it had been. I went to an older male employee and said something to him. He acted very nonchalant but followed me to the display. Then I noticed that there was a large piece of it missing also. I was upset that it was in perfect condition when I brought it in. He took it and said he was going to go look at it and see what it would take to repair it. He came back with it and told me it was going to cost me more than one hundred dollars to have it repaired. I was furious. They shouldn't be charging me to repair this when they were responsible for it being damaged. I told him I was just going to take it back home and I picked it up and left. I left through a different door that I came in. There were lots of employees working just outside the door, some on various types of large equipment. One woman sitting and working on top of a large piece of machinery stopped me and asked me if I wanted a job. I inquired as to why she would stop me and ask me that as I didn't know her at all and had never even seen her before. She said I just looked like someone who could do the job well. I asked her what the work was. She asked me to wait just a second. Then she told me to take her place and she would show me how easy it was. It required me to line two one quarter inch pieces of paper on top of each other and then on top of a specific part of a full sheet of paper and feeding them into this machine lined up just perfectly and then entering some codes. I couldn't get the paper lined up. The woman's supervisor walked up and stood on the other side of the machine trying to help me. I said I couldn't keep doing this right now. She looked at me quizzically. I said that I left the house this morning at six thirty, intending to run a five-minute errand so I didn't dress for being out and about. I had on a very short pajama dress that barely covered by bottom and I was concerned each time that I leaned forward that if anyone was standing behind me they would see part of my bottom. I kept reaching behind me and trying to tug it down and sit on it but it was making me very nervous and uncomfortable. Finally, she said I would do fine and asked me when I could start. She said I could work as much or as little as I wanted and could come in whenever I wanted without notice. I was still confused as to why they would want to hire me when they knew nothing about me. The supervisor said I was obviously way over qualified for this job but they would be glad to have me. She asked me something, and with a shy smile I said that I do have a Ph.D. She just smiled and nodded her head up and down. I told her I would give it a try and probably come in some the next day, which was Friday. They thanked me and said they would look forward to seeing me. I walked away and got lost on the property. They had so many different work areas that were partially enclosed with three walls and a ceiling but never a fourth wall. I kept ending up in places that I knew was for employees only. The first time I felt very nervous about this but then realized that I am an employee now so it won't be quite so bad that I'm there. Each area looked very different, with different kinds of equipment and different structural elements inside each. Some had conveyor belts that moved upward at an angle and led into a small square in the wall. Some had steps. Most of them had places every few feet that barriers would lower from the ceiling to prevent people who were walking or on other equipment from proceeding if a large piece of equipment was coming through. It was intended to prevent any types of accidents or injuries. These barriers didn't look the same in each area. Sometimes the area was broken into sections in that I would walk a few feet and another barrier would come down. As soon as it was safe it would raise and I could proceed a little further and then another barrier would come down. Sometimes there would someone standing on something higher than floor level who would shout out to let people know a barrier was about to drop. I kept reaching behind me and tugging at the back of my pajama gown. One time I felt a hole in it so I began walking with one hand behind me covering the hole. I was getting tired from so much walking because the facility was so large and I just kept getting lost and I was carrying this boat with me. Finally, a man came up to me on something that reminds me of a small flat bed trailer with a painted steel pipe on one end in an upside down u-shape. Attached to the top of the pipe was something that was used to propel it forward and to steer it. It was a flat piece shaped like shield with a round handle protruding from the small end and pointing towards the person who would be steering. The person driving it would stand on it at this point and use that handle to move it side to side for steering and pump it up and down to propel it forward. I told him I was a new employee and didn't know my way around and that I kept getting lost and was getting very tired. This man directed me back to where I needed to be and told me I could use this to get me there. When I first got on I could get it to move forward. He showed me I had to use a little more pressure and then I got it to go. I had to keep stopping for the barriers and I still kept getting lost. I was getting so frustrated and agitated and upset. I felt like crying. I was wishing someone would just take me to where I needed to be. I kept finding myself back at places that I had already been. Once I thought I was at the right place so I got off the flat bed and began walking to the entry and then realized it wasn't. Someone else came up to me and offered me a kind of scooter to use. Both the flatbed and the scooter were a bright, industrial yellow. I tried again and continued to get lost. A few times when I stopped an employee would talk to me briefly. I finally got back to the entry that I needed and was so relieved. There were other things that I needed to get to my car. An employee and the owner were standing there and offered to help me carry the things to my car. The employee started off to the left and the manager told her to come the other way. There was a narrow enclosed staircase to the right that he said would be much closer and quicker. The employee started up first and then the manager nodded his head for me to go next. I told him I would rather follow him, though I didn't want to tell him that it was because of my short pajama gown. He went ahead of me. When we neared the top of the steps the employee said something about how much closer and quicker it was and the manager said didn't I tell you?