I was using the bathroom at ITI. I went to wash my hands and couldn't find the soap dispenser. I was wondering what they did with it. Then the towel dispenser wasn't where it used to be. I found where they had moved it. Another woman was in there and partially blocking the towel dispenser. I reached for a towel but what I pulled out felt more like a wad of hair strands, which made me very uncomfortable. I just threw them in the trash receptacle. It felt like the other woman was watching me. I stepped back to the counter to check my hair and realized I had left my headband in before I left home and was actually wearing two of them. I had one black fabric one, the type that is a circle that you slip around your neck and then pull up over your hair. On top of that I had a red plastic one that you simply slide onto the top of your head where you want it to hold your hair back. My hair was white blonde, very straight. The length was just above chin. I took the red headband off and placed it in my bag. There was a partial wall partition between this counter and another. I stepped to the other side of the wall partition, away from the other woman to finish fixing my hair. I liked the way it looked that day. As I got ready to leave the bathroom I couldn't remember where I had been working that morning. Then I realized that I hadn't been working there at all that morning. They hadn't called me yet to come back in. I had been operating in a trance all morning and had gotten up, got dressed, and came here without even realizing it. I was so embarrassed and I didn't want anyone to know. Fortunately, I could leave the bathroom and get to the door without anyone but the receptionist seeing me. She wouldn't know any different so I just left. I was very upset as I got in my car and left. I got to the circle in the road and it was only one lane instead of the two that it has in waking life. There was a row of people standing in the lane. They were all facing one man at the front of the line, who was facing them and talking. They were having some kind of a meeting. Even though I was in my car, it felt like I was just standing behind the last person in the line. I was contemplating what to do. I wouldn't go the wrong way on the circle and risk being hit head-on by another car, but there really wasn't a way for me to do that anyway from where I was. There was no other place for me to go. I decided to wait and see if they were getting ready to move but the front man just kept talking. I finally moved over to get his attention. He seemed irritated but finally directed the people to move off of the circle so car traffic could continue to use it. As I headed south on Meridian I was still very upset about operating in a trance earlier. I was thinking about all the things I might have done without even realizing it. What if anyone else had seen me? Had I spoken with anyone? It was very upsetting. When I approached the ramp to the highway I realized that the city had been doing some major construction and was turning this into one of those highway rest areas that you see on overpasses in Chicago. Between thinking about that and still being upset about what happened earlier I missed my ramp and didn't realize it until I had gone another two or more miles. I was got very upset with myself now for my lack of focus on my driving and where I was going. I tried to decide the best way for me to go now to get back home. It was raining and there was lots of traffic, which was making me feel even more agitated. I decided I would go to Westfield Blvd and take that home but then passed it without realizing it. I was trying to figure out what to do next and found myself downtown. I'm driving through this one lane street that feels more like a walking path. I remember someone else driving me through here so I know that it really is intended for cars. It weaves around a number of historical buildings that are very old and beautiful in their architectural detail. I finally decided to just park and take a walk. I was thinking about how nice it would be to be able to shop at some different stores to find clothing a little higher quality and with a little more style than what I normally buy. I decide to just walk through some of the stores and see what types of things are available and at what price. I stopped to look at something displayed in a window. Two men cross behind me and enter a dry cleaner. Within minutes they come out and go on their way. As they are walking away from me I recognize the one man as someone I had met with for an informational interview. I was glad that he hadn't seen me. The other man I recognized but I couldn't remember where I had met or seen him before. I continued to walk and find myself walking through a building close to the Humanities Council office. I remembered having lunch there with the president of the Humanities Council. It was the start of lunch hour and the place was beginning to get busy with working people on their lunch break. I had walked through the building to get to the other side of the block instead of walking all the way around in the rain. As I stepped outside again I opened my umbrella and began to stroll down the street. I wasn't in a hurry and wasn't sure where I even wanted to go. I wasn't familiar with the stores downtown, what stores were there or where they were or anything. I stopped momentarily on a corner. There was an older couple standing there under a navy blue umbrella. The edges of the umbrella were made very different than anything I had ever seen before in that the ends folded in creating little pockets on the underside edges of the umbrella. I realized that this kept the water from dripping on you so much and thought that was a very nice feature for an umbrella. She said something to me about enjoying the rain and I agreed with her and commented that not too many people feel that way about rain. She smiled. The three of us began chatting. While we were chatting the state governor walked up to us with another man. The governor knew this couple I was talking with and stopped to say hello to them. He looked at me so I extended my hand and introduced myself. He half-smiled, shook my hand and then continued talking with the couple. Now other people had gathered and joined the conversation and I found myself on the outside of the gathering with no one even seeing me there. I tried briefly to get the attention of the woman I had been talking to so I could mind my manners and tell her it was nice chatting with her but I couldn't so I just walked away. As I walked I came upon another older woman. She said something to me about shopping. I asked her if she would mind telling me where she shops for her clothes as I really liked her style. She thanked me and told the names of two stores that she shops at mostly. I had not heard of either so I asked her where they were and she pointed them out to me. I walked into the first one and felt very disoriented. I couldn't tell if I was in a mall or in a single store. There seemed to be construction going on. I saw some women clothing through an opening so I went in there. There weren't a lot of things and there were too many women shopping around my size for me to be able to look at anything. I heard a group of friends talking. One of them looked and sounded so much like Dorothea D that I looked closely several times to be sure it wasn't her. I went to another area with women clothing. The third area I went in to I finally decided to at least try something on, so I selected two items. A sales clerk saw me and headed towards me. She wasn't sure which dressing room to send me to but finally decided on one and pointed it out to me. Just as I got to the entrance a man came out. This made me wonder if I was in the right place but there was nothing else around so I decided it had to me. Maybe this was just a main entrance and behind the door I would find separate entrances for men and for women. That wasn't the case but I realized it was only women in there. The whole thing was made out of heavy cardboard. There was a swinging door at the main entrance that didn't fit right and was hard to push open. Each of the single dressing booths were barely deep enough for a person to stand inside. I couldn't stand inside and change clothes so I left the door partially open. I tried to change in a way that I wouldn't feel too exposed. The first thing I tried on was a pair of black dress pants that was part of a suit. They were way too tight on the thighs and I couldn't even get them all the way on my thighs. I was very discouraged but realized that sized fit differently at different stores. I know this from experience so now I at least have a better idea of what size I will need to buy if I shop at this store. I decided not to even try the other thing on.