I was driving on a country road with someone. There was nothing but flat, empty fields for mile after mile. We finally came to a small building. It was dark outside. We went in. I was with Macy F. This is where we were staying for this year's conference. Other people began arriving. This one building is where everyone was going to be staying and it wasn't very large. It had three sleeping rooms that were connected. You had to walk through the first room to get to the second and through the first and second to get to the third. Each room had four sets of bunk beds. Two sets on each side of the room. This is where everyone attending the conference was staying. The men were staying in the third room. There were only 24 people attending the conference. I was talking to someone about the exhibit area. It must have been cold outside because they had to wipe off the window, like they were wiping off frost, so we could see outside. They pointed as they talked. There was a row of four or five small, brown, wood buildings. They were all just one-story. The smallest one on the end to my right was Amici's. The person I was talking to said this was the entire campus, along with the building we were in. I was dumbfounded. I couldn't believe any of this. I couldn't believe Bart H agreed to this location when we could have so few people there. How were we ever going to recoup our expenses? There were so many things going through my mind. Macy F said something to the effect of Bart H was going to get all of his expenses paid so nothing else mattered. Other people began arriving. Most of them were people who had attended previous conferences. Most of them were as dumbfounded as I was about the facilities. There was a group of people sitting and talking. Kendall B was one of them. I was one of them. I was thinking that with this being such a small conference perhaps Kendall B wouldn't be quite so busy this time and have time to have a conversation with him. I asked and he said absolutely, that it would fine. Later I realized that it wouldn't happen. I wasn't surprised but I was a bit disappointed. When it was finally time for me to sit and talk with Kendall B I was incredibly uneasy, uncomfortable, anxious. I was thinking about this as I sat there waiting for him. Feeling this way didn't really surprise as I've never sat down and had a face-to-face conversation with him. I've spoken briefly to him face-to-face, but never to sit down and have a real conversation or discussion and I've only had one telephone conversation with him. Nearly all of our communication has been via email which doesn't evoke the same feelings of anxiety or uneasiness etc. It also occurred to me how much I have always cared and continue to care, about his opinion of me and I'm concerned that a face-to-face meeting might offer more opportunity for me to do or say something I regret that would have a negative impact on his opinion of me. I don't think Macy F was planning on attending many if any of the conference activities. On the last day of conference we're talking about our trips home the next day. We want to be able to stay on the beach until the last possible minute and then hurry back to our rooms, pack our final few things and then head to the airport without showering first. We wondered if the airline would be okay with this. The next morning we do all of our packing except a few last minute items and then head to the beach until the last possible minute. We hurry back to our rooms, hurriedly get our last few things in our bags and then head to the airport. We stopped for gas. I was standing there talking to a group of people. I flicked my fingers at them the way you would after you wash your hands to get rid of some of the excess water. When I did that it allows each of them to know something that they didn't know before or do something that they couldn't do before.