I was at ECHS. I noticed something outside of the school, something about the lot. They were doing some kind of work or changing something. It almost feels as though I was breaking into the school. Horses. Learning to lasso but not while sitting on or riding a horse. There was a man teaching me and another man. I learned how to do this much quicker than the man. Once we learned how to do this we would receive some privilege. It would allow us to do something that we currently aren't allowed to do and/or give us access to some area that we currently didn't have access to. Ken W, one of the teachers. I am in a classroom that isn't mine. I hear someone approaching so I quickly close and lock the door. The person comes to the door and puts their key in the lock but when they push on the door it won't open because I'm leaning against it as hard as possible to try to keep him from being able to open it. He jiggles the key and turns the door knob. Sometimes he pushes hard enough that he is able to get it open just an inch or two but I am fortunately able to get closed immediately again. He can't see me standing there but I don't know why because there is paned glass in the door. It must be frosted glass because I can see his form but cannot see him clearly. In a retail store. They have completely rearranged a clothing store that is for both genders and all ages. The children's clothing is now placed somewhere different. It's not that big of a store. I decide to change my clothes and go out to the horses and do something with them and practice lassoing. I went to my closet and was looking through things trying to decide what I wanted to wear. I was looking for something denim, a denim shirt or denim vest. As I'm walking out I don't want to be seen because I don't want people to see me skipping out but then I realize that this is going to help me with work so I have no reason to feel guilty about going out there right now. As I'm walking someone else is walking towards me and says something to me about the horses or about doing something for or with the horses. I either said that I already did it or that I'm on my way to do it now.