I was in bed at home. Desmond had come to visit me. He asked me to go out. I said, "No, I'm too tired." We talked. He left. Then Nate called and asked if I was up. I said, "Yes." Then I heard Nate come into house downstairs. He was drunk. He was yelling at my parents, Grandma Agnes, and my aunts and uncles. He was angry at me because I said I would go out with him and now my parents had told him that I was in bed asleep. He demanded to know who that fellow was that just left. I was embarrassed because my family didn't know about Nate and I was angry at him for creating the scene. I got up and went downstairs in my red plaid, flannel nightgown. I just looked at him in anger. I asked him to step outside. I told him, "This is the last straw." He was all dressed up in a suit and tie. He stepped to side of the house to pee. I was embarrassed because my relatives might see. I read him the riot act. I told him never again to do that in front of my conservative relatives. He then left, angry. I then had a class. They were there to learn how to enjoy the wilderness as I had learned to do. I told them to close their eyes and think of their favorite food. Then I told them to think of all the ways they could cook it, sauteed, boiled, etc. Then they needed to cut it into little squares and carry it in a backpack. Then they were to pair up. One put on a blindfold, the other lead and then later they switched. I then got a chalk. At first, I start to ask for one, and then I looked for it myself. I draw dotted lines with arrows around leading up to hopscotch games on the playground (school). The starting place was an old tree. As I was making my marks, I came up to a class counter with china in it. I see a teapot that looked like it went with an old tea cup I own. I asked this guy for it. I said, "It's mine." He gave it to me. I was now carefully stepping amongst the china. I asked the guy for a hand so I wouldn't fall and break things. He helped me. I started to feel guilty because I realized it was not my teapot and I'd just stolen it. Someone was going to be sad.