I was in a very unusual two-story home. One end of the home is attached to the owner's retail store. The home was owned by a couple with two young adult children. The woman had asked me to talk to a decorator about some changes she wanted made to the home, including structural changes. I am talking to the decorator about creating a very nice master suite with a luxurious master bath. I specified a whirlpool tub and for the shower I specified a bench seat and making it a steam shower. I wondered about talking to him about a sauna but decided against it, thinking that what I had already specified would be sufficient. They also wanted to expand their garage. I walked him out to the garage, which was one-car only. It was completely empty. I told him that all four members of the family have their own car. The outer wall of the garage is the wall that was attached to the retail store so I didn't know how he would be able to expand it to house more than one car. The owners had not specified if they wanted it to house just one additional car or all four cars. The son had several friends spending the night. His bedroom is on the first floor. The daughter's bedroom in on the second floor but it is only accessible via a ladder and by going up this ladder you can only access her bedroom. The room ran the full width of the house though it was no wider than an average bedroom. There was a bed on each end. She had one friend spending the night and I was spending the night. The parents had decided I would sleep in the daughter's room. I could tell she was not too pleased about this. To try to make it easier I told her I would just sleep on the floor in the middle of the room. The son and his friends are in there watching TV but are also planning to sleep in there. The son has never kissed a girl before and he wants me to teach him how. I keep telling him that I can't do that but he tries once anyway. There is a square opening in the wall that is barely big enough for a person to fit through. It is an opening for a rectangular area with a diameter no bigger than the square opening. I crawl in there and lie down on my back intending to sleep in there away from the others. The son crawls in and I tell him he needs to get out. He tries again to kiss me. Then one of his friends crawls in. They finally both get out. The daughter's friend tells the parents that I am making out with the boys. I defend myself and tell them that it is not true, though I don't tell them what their son did. They don't believe me. The daughter has left the house because she was very upset about something unrelated. As soon as the parents hear that she is gone they panic and decide they are going out to try to find her. The son and I are going along. We are rushing around to find shoes and coats so we can leave. The son goes out on his own and comes back to tell his parents that he found her and she is dead. He found her floating on her back in the water behind the house. We all go out. It is dark out so we can barely see where we are walking. It is a steep hill so we lean back to try to keep our balance as we make our way down the steep embankment. We get to the bottom and the son shines a flashlight on his sisters' body. It hardly looks like her. She looks like she has been out there for a long time instead of a just a few hours. I only look for a few seconds because it is so disturbing. The inside of the house, the walls, the floors, the ceiling, is constructed with unfinished wood. The stairways are very unusual or are ladders. There is a pole that the boys use to go downstairs, sliding down as though it were a fireman's pole. There is a man there that I need to leave as soon as possible so they don't try to involve me in any of the drama. I follow him to get out and away. I'm now on a boat with this man, Frank B from Trading Spaces. There is still a problem. He realizes that we just need to get off of this boat. We create another kind of boat out of unfinished wood and poles. There are quite a few of us that get on and go off on our own. It has two levels but there are several sections on each level. As we're floating along the water, at times there is low hanging foliage that brushes the top of the boat, almost coming inside at times. We see things that we can eat. Since we have no food on the boat we start pulling these off the branches as we continue to move. We can't stop the boat. We don't know what some of the things are but we take them anyway. We also see bananas. As soon as we see those we begin grabbing those quickly so we can get as many as possible even though we know we shouldn't eat more than one day for good colon health. Someone in another section had seen and grabbed a bunch of strawberries. We're taking turns steering the boat. Someone tells me that it's time for me to take a break and get some rest. I climb up on a platform that is just big enough to lie down on. It is held in place by a wooden pole on each corner that is fairly small in diameter, maybe only 3 or 4 inches. But the platform seemed very sturdy. There was something laying on the platform and I just lay on top of it. As I was laying there I kept reaching for this stuff to make sure it didn't fall off. Frank was either sitting or laying on a platform underneath me. Someone said something to me that caused me to be concerned about his well-being. We were on this thing for quite some time. Frank and I became quite close and ended up getting married. We are in danger from someone that wasn't on either boat. We had to be very careful to keep everyone on the boat safe from the people on shore. Some of the people on the boat also became a threat. We had to be especially careful not to go in the sections of the boat where these people are. One person in the dangerous group knew me and Frank and didn't want to see us get hurt so he helped us to stay together and safe. Some of us had gotten off the boat and were in the water. I had several six-inch square pieces of paper with notes on them from Jennifer F. They were notes for her boyfriend. I was worried that they were going to get wet. I managed to get them in a plastic container that was almost exactly the same size as the papers. He was one of the people on the shore that we were in danger of. Yet, because he knew me, he was not doing anything to harm any of us. He essentially pretended not to see us.