I had gone to an office to talk to someone I knew about helping me find a job. I went into an office building and entered a pair of glass doors into an office suite. In the middle of an open area, there was a man sitting at a desk facing the door. I told him I was looking for Richard Walker [unknown in waking life]. He nodded his head toward a man sitting at a desk to my right. The man's back was to me. When he heard his name he turned around. I realized it wasn't the Richard Walker I was looking for. I raised the palm of my hand toward him and apologized, saying, I'm sorry, wrong Richard Walker. Somewhere before this I saw Al H there, realizing that he was running this office. I think we said hello to each other but nothing more. He was working at a large desk and personal work space to my left as I stood facing inside the office. As I turned to leave and opened the door he called me and asked me to come back in for a minute. I suppose he knew I was looking for a job. I stood in front of his desk as he started asking some questions about my job search. I told him that I am currently working but looking for something more suitable in job role and in salary. He asked me what salary I was looking for. As he did I noticed him write down $68,000. However, it was not $68,000 even. I just can't remember the last three numbers. I told him that he knows that I can't name a salary because there is too much involved that impacts that number. He said yes he realized that but asked me to give him a ballpark number anyway. After hesitating for a few seconds I finally said it would have to at least be between $65,000 and $70,000. I sat down in a chair in front of his desk. Richard Walker was sitting in a chair next to me but sitting at an angle where I could barely see any of his face. Al H asked his opinion about offering me a job and he said he couldn't offer an unbiased opinion because he knows me. As he said this he turned so I could see his face and I realized that it wasn't the Richard Walker that I was looking for. It was actually Randy M. I was very upset that Randy M was involved in this discussion, partially because he knows very little about me professionally and partially because I had not wanted to see Randy M again. When I was ready to leave Randy M said he was going to walk me to my car. I really didn't want him to but I couldn't say that in front of Al H. As we walked to the car he was acting the same toward me as always. I was trying to be polite, but not encourage any of the same type of treatment that I have received from him in the past. We are in a car together, he is driving. I am naked, lying back in the front passenger seat and trying to cover myself with my arms and hands. I'm feeling agitated and frustrated. I see a truck driver looking down into the car at me and say that I don't like that truck drivers can see down into cars. I am trying to put my bra on while still keeping myself covered. Randy M keeps looking over at me and grinning and I keep telling him to just keep his eyes on the road.