Drove to Big Lots to buy ice cream. Parking. Decided to buy Bullseyes as well. Had changed store layout and I had trouble finding frozen foods. All of the checkout lines were long. Cardboard displays of toys by registers. One had small, 6 x 3 boxes of little stuffed dolls, mostly twins. I decided to buy two of them for the twins, one pink and one yellow, each looked slightly different. I decided I needed to buy something for Kaitlyn S as well. Ended up buying eight or ten items. Cashier in a wheelchair. A teenager on probation. Walked me home to show me a shortcut. Walked Uncle H's house in my mother's hometown. He and Aunt R alive and healthy. He was exercising and body looked very young and toned. Aunt R healthy and lost much weight. Looked beautiful. Aunt J also alive and healthy. Lost weight and looked young and beautiful. Wondered how this would make Mother feel, to be the only one still overweight. Uncle H's house. Went to his garage to fix my bicycle. Started to rain so I opened the main garage door. There was only enough room for me to barely step inside and move my bicycle barely inside. I was going to add air to the tires but then realized the tires were completely removed. They were going to Wal-mart and taking Susan W and Debbie Wo along so I went too, planning to buy new tires for my bike as Uncle H had suggested. Aunt R and the girls were in the backseat so I reached to open the front seat. Uncle H moved some things off the seat onto the floor. There wasn't much room for my feet. As I got in he told me I could sit in the backseat on the way home. I was embarrassed and said that was fine. I thought Since Aunt R had gotten in the back seat they intended for me to sit in the front but I was obviously wrong. Now numerous other relatives there. We never did go to Wal-Mart. The house is now Linda W and Dick W's house. Several relatives want to help me market myself online to help me successfully establish myself in a new profession. Mostly it was younger relatives, like newly out of college, who were helping. I trusted them and was glad to have the help. I walked away from everyone else with BJ and tried to tell her my latest news about my degree. Unfortunately someone overheard me.