I went to BR Park with a female friend. While there, I went to use a bathroom. The stalls were made of wood but the walls were the same height as a normal bathroom stall. Each stall had two toilets and were outdoors. When I went into a stall Malachi B was in there. I pretended not to know him because I found it embarrassing enough to have to share a stall with someone, let alone a man and someone I know. There was a rundown golf course. No one used it anymore because the park had discontinued maintaining it. My friend and I took a ball and a putter and were walking the course, just putting from the greens. It still wasn't easy because it was in such bad condition. We weren't being very successful getting it into the hole. A man came up to us and said something to us about being on the course. He apparently thought we shouldn't be there. We said we didn't think it mattered to the park maintenance people and the condition didn't bother us. I hit one ball that went way past the hole, off the green, in a straight line, and ended near a wooded area. Some well-known man came up to the green we were on and putted into that hole. The ball went just past the hole, did a u-turn, and then rolled right into the hole. I couldn't believe it and was thinking that was a very skillful shot that he had developed. Later in the day I went to use the bathroom again and again Malachi B was in the stall I went in. He immediately looked up and recognized me and said hello. I sat down and we talked. He was holding a newspaper up, as he had been reading it. I was hoping he would leave so I could use the toilet in privacy. He got a call on his cell phone and answered it. He was talking to his sister about a program he was doing in the city that evening. She was supposed to come and help him but she called to tell him that she wouldn't be able to. After he got off the phone he said something about who had called and why. I told him I would be happy to help him. He looked at me as if to ask why. I told him that I live very near there and I didn't have any plans for that evening. I also said that, besides, it would be a good learning opportunity for me as I feel that I could always learn something from him. I mentioned that his was one of the dream course syllabi that I referenced when creating my own. I smiled when I told him that from the looks of his syllabus I thought he was pretty demanding, because of all the reading he requires, and all scientific papers no less. He finally did accept my offer to help with his program.