I am with my sister, though not a waking life sister. She is tall, thin, and has long, black hair. We are riding in a convertible with someone else unknown driving. My sister is sitting on the front of the car facing the back with her legs hanging down into the inside of car. We are in my mother's home state, driving on I-74 towards CO where the landscape along both sides of the highway is just hills and trees. My sister has a gun. It appears to be a rapid-fire rifle. She is shooting into the hills as we drive. There was highway construction. The woman who has driving said something to my sister but my sister disagreed with her. Still, I thought they got along very well and seemed to compliment each other. The woman mentioned her therapist and my sister decided that maybe she should go see that therapist. We went to the apartment of the woman who was driving. Her and my sister entered the building before me. By the time I got in the building I didn't see either of them and wasn't sure where to go. I was standing facing a long hallway. There was an apartment to my left where the door was on a wall that angled away from me. The door was open and the inside was fully lit. I stepped to the door and realized that was not the correct apartment. About halfway down the hall was another apartment to my left with its door open and lights on inside. I went all the way inside that one until some man came out of another room and I realized I was in the wrong apartment. I rushed out. At the end of the hall was a third apartment to my left with the door partially open and some light coming out. I went in that one and was finally in her apartment. My sister and I were going to be spending the night so we were talking about where we would each sleep. She had a very long sofa, about ten feet in length, that was angled at each end. My sister suggested that she and I could sleep there, each at one end. The woman suggested that my sister could share her bed but my sister didn't me to have to sleep on the sofa when they both would be in a bed. I said I was fine with that and said that I knew while we were still in the car that the two of them would get together eventually. Two men and two of us women trying to sleep next to each other on a shell-shaped piece of furniture. A man laid down next to me and we immediately realized that all four of us wouldn't fit there. We still considered trying. I walk out of my bedroom at my birth home and there is a young man, tall, with black hair, standing at the stove with his back to me. He was standing there completely naked and removing groceries from brown paper bags. I stood there silent wondering who he was and why he was standing there naked. He must have heard me walk into the room because he turned completely around. I gasped and he said, what? I knew it was Mother's boyfriend, but I don't know how I knew that. I was furious. I rushed outside and got in her very expensive new car. I backed out into the road and then back into a grassy field on the same side of the road. I put the car in drive, got back onto the road, then hit the gas hard, and sped off. Mother comes to the woman's apartment when all of the neighbors are there. There are a number of people naked in a hot tub. Mother removes her clothes and gets in the hot tub. I can't believe she did that. The other people all think it's great that she is so uninhibited that she is willing to do that at her age. She couldn't keep her head above the water. I reached under her arms to try to hold her up but she would slide right out of my hands and back under water. One of the men in the hot tub moved towards her and held her up so she wouldn't keep going under. My brother Brian F showed up at 3 am wanting help picking up some kind of equipment. BJ was fine helping. When I went outside I saw that he had also gotten John S to come and help. More activity with apartment neighbors. One of the people there was the woman's ex-husband. They didn't get along well at all. Later I found out it was all an act, that they were working together, putting on this act, to get something they otherwise wouldn't be able to.