I was sent to temp at CAS on Friday. I don't know if they had given Bill C the name of the temp they were sending or not. I don't know why, but I went in to work wearing a pair of dark green sweatpants and a grey t-shirt. The office looked different than in waking life. There were two adjacent walls to the suite that were all glass. Instead of entering into a reception area, the suite door led into a large, open office area that had six or eight desks. I arrived for work, sat down at one of the desks and started working. There was a glass window on one of the walls of Bill C's office. I could see him in there and I'm sure he saw me come in but he didn't come out. The entire time I was there he didn't speak a word to me or vice versa. It was very uncomfortable. I was debating whether or not I should be the one to break the ice and go in and talk to him. Before I decided to do anything I realized that he was getting ready to leave to meet Jane C and go somewhere. It almost seems as though they were attending a wake or funeral. Jane C met him in the lobby of the office building as did someone else they knew. The third person was a little person, a woman I think. I was thinking how odd it looked to see a little person with Bill C and Jane C since they are both so extraordinarily tall. I went out to my car to get something and saw that Bill C was still there getting something from his car. Terry D pulled up parallel to Bill C's car and was waiting for Bill C. Apparently Bill C was going somewhere with Terry D. Bill C took a call on his cell phone, standing outside his car. I walked up to the passenger side of Terry D's car and leaned over to look in the window. He saw me coming, rolled the window down and leaned over to talk to me. He asked me how I was doing and before I could answer said something to the effect of judging by my mood I was doing okay or pretty well. He asked what I was doing these days, professionally. I told him I was teaching two classes at U of I. I don't know why I said that because he already knew that. I told him I was teaching a class somewhere else as well, I think ITI. Then I told him I was also doing temp work. I didn't tell him why I was there that day and he didn't ask. I started back to the office and decided to go back and ask him if he thought I should try to talk to Bill C. I got to his car and asked if I could ask him something. He hesitated for just a second, shrugged his shoulders and said sure. As soon as he did that I realized I was asking him for free advice and I shouldn't be doing that. I asked him anyway. Before he could answer Bill C started towards his car so I left and went back into the office. I went to use the women room. When I came out there was a young man standing bent over at the waist, with one or both arms resting on a banister or half-wall. He had a grin on his face. I didn't know him but thought it was curious that he was standing there and especially curious that he was standing there alone, not talking on a phone or anything, no one around, but he had a grin on his face. I went back into the office and there were now three or four other employees there. One was a young woman and the others were all young men. I just sat down at my desk and started working again. The man from outside the women room came in and sat down at a desk behind me. After just a minute or two he threw a large white-coated paperclip at me. As it hit me He got up and walked to the front of the rows of desks. There were two of the other employees, one woman and one man, working at the desks in the row to my right and one working at a desk in front of me. He asked some very rude, sarcastic question about my sweatpants and the way they fit. He was moving around very dramatically, talking in a loud voice and laughing. I picked up the thing that he threw at me, it reminded me of a white artist eraser, and threw it at him but missed because someone else was in the way. I knew I should not have been dressed the way I was but that didn't give them the right to treat me this way. I gathered up my personal notebook and handbag and walked out of the office. It was raining outside but at the moment it didn't even bother me much that I didn't have an umbrella. Between the double rows of parking spaces were strips of grass with a few young trees in each. The trees weren't more than eight feet tall. Late Monday morning Bill C called. My stomach was in knots, just hearing his voice and knowing I had to talk to him now, and because I was pretty sure why he was calling. He identified himself and asked if he was mistaken or if I was supposed to be there again today to finish the task he hired me to do. I told him I had not intended to come back today because of what happened with his employees on Friday. He wanted to know what happened but I didn't really want to tell him, partially because I didn't want to discuss my mistake in dressing the way I did, but partially because I didn't want to discuss the way I was treated, for his employees sake or mine. Though, I'm not sure he would have been upset with his employees. I also was simply very uncomfortable talking to him at all. I finally said as little as possible about what happened. He wanted to know who threw the paperclip at me and was saying things. I said I didn't know his name. He said three or four names of current employees and said that he had to know who it was to do anything about it. I didn't want him to do anything about it, but he kept pressuring me to describe the man. I finally told him that the man was a bit taller than me and fairly thin. His hair was brown or ash blonde and very short, cut with clippers close to his head for the most part. Those were the only identifying features I could come up with.