It was my first day back to work at CAS after a few week leave of absence. I went into the office building. The office was on the second floor, unlike in waking life. I decided to take the stairs rather than the elevator. As I got to the top, I looked toward the CAS office and couldn't see the receptionist desk like I usually can. The front wall is all glass, though in the dream the wall was about twice as long as in waking life. I wondered why I couldn't see the receptionist desk. There was a lot of sun shining in through an outdoor window so at first I thought that was why I couldn't see it. As I got closer to the office suite door I realized I couldn't see the receptionist desk because they had put up a partial fabric wall, the type that is sometimes used to create cubicles in offices, all along the front glass wall to hide employee desks. Even so, they no longer had a receptionist or reception desk. I went in and walked behind the wall. They had two or three rows of desks with two or three desks in each row. Bryan N was working at one of them. Bill C had made these changes while I was away so I didn't know where he wanted me to work now. Bill C came out of his office and walked me to the desk where he wanted me to work. There was one row of desks in between the one where Bryan N was working and the one where I would be working. He sat down at the desk and began doing something on the computer. He realized there was a problem and was becoming very aggravated. As always, he began snapping at me. I realized that he and Bryan N had made some changes to the computers while I was gone and what they did was causing problems. Bill C realized this wouldn't have happened if I had done this and he always hates it when I can do something that he can't, especially if he decides to do something different than what I recommend and it ends up not working out or causing a problem. His way of dealing with it is to get angry with me. I realized that it was not the computer I had before I left and suspected that was part of the problem. Bill C denied that it was a different computer. I could tell by the look on Bryan N's face that something was up and then he asked what difference it would make. I told him that my old computer was built to handle the capacity of all the software I need to do my job. Then he admitted that he had taken my old computer because he knew it was better than the one he had been using. Now he was upset because he had to give my computer back and because he had been caught. He was being rude and snappy as he prepared to switch the computers back. Bill C was acting as he always did when he didn't want to acknowledge something. The office is also much longer than in waking life. There are a number of large rooms as you walk the length of the office. Bill C had hired quite a few people. He had hired three just to manage training materials and to conduct training in our office.