I was at a hospital with some people I know. [unknown] I needed to use a bathroom but couldn't find one. I asked someone who worked there where I could find a bathroom. She said there was one close by and walked with me to show me where it was. She couldn't find it, so said we needed to go to another floor. Again, she couldn't find it so took me to yet another floor. We ended up in this huge open room that looked like a game arcade. One of us asked someone in there and they pointed us to the restroom. The mens and women rooms doors were side by side. They were brown doors that looked antique and very heavy. A child told me that I had to win a token of some kind to be able to get into the restroom. I had to have quarters to put into this machine to win the tokens and I needed two tokens because he told me I would need one to get out also. I started putting quarters in the machine but ran out. The young boy put some in for me and won two tokens right away, that he gave me to use for the women room. I went in several different rooms. Each one looked like some type of entertainment area, almost like areas of a casino. There were rows of chairs. The chairs appeared to be upholstered arm chairs. When I approached one I realized that they were all toilets. I had still not gotten to use the women room but I wasn't about to use one of these, especially not out in the open like everyone else was doing. There was another kind of competition going on. It seems that it was some type of wrestling. There was something that I wanted, I don't know if it was just to use the women room. It might have been that I just wanted to leave. But I knew if I participated in this wrestling match and won it would be the easiest way for me to get whatever it was that I wanted. I volunteered to compete but then learned that I needed to remove most of my clothing and I didn't want to do that. I decided I would anyway because whatever it was I wanted it that bad. Then a young black man came up and started undressing because he was going to compete before me. Someone was helping him undress. They pulled a shirt off over his head and there was another under it. They did this at least five times. Each one was a different color but they were all made the same. All these shirts gave him more time before he had to actually begin wrestling.