I was traveling with a man I knew to an event. [unknown] It may have been the SAID conference or some other SAID event. We were going to be traveling by bus, which we had not done before. Since we had not traveled this way before they were a number of things we weren't sure about. We thought we knew where the bus station was. Someone else we knew had told us that we needed to check some of our luggage ahead of time so we had done that. When it was getting close to time to leave, I went to the bus station a little earlier than the person I was traveling with. When I arrived at the location where I thought I needed to be, someone there told me that I needed to go somewhere else just a few blocks further from where I was. I was somewhat concerned about the time so I rushed to get there and wondered if my acquaintance would find it and get there on time. I got there and found out I had plenty of time so I quit worrying about my acquaintance. Earlier I had to ask someone about the location of a bank or ATM machine because I wanted to get some cash before I left. I don't know why we wouldn't have known our way around since we were getting ready to leave to go to the event. When it was time to leave the event and come home, we had to go to the exact same bus station that we went to in order to get to the event. At the event, I was sharing a room with two other people, neither of them the acquaintance that I had traveled with. For some reason I question if they were both women. I'm sure one of them was. One of them I knew, but not that well. The other I did not know as well. The room we were staying in was a large open area. One wall and part of each perpendicular wall connecting to it were all lined with a banquette. My roommates had a daily habit of showering in the evening, while I take my showers in the morning, when I am preparing to start my day. One evening I decided to take a shower and they were concerned that I was going to interfere with their schedule, that I would be in the shower when the first of them was ready to take theirs. It turned out not to be a problem. The next evening I decided to take a shower in the evening again because we were leaving early the next morning and I didn't want to have to get up that much earlier. Again, they were concerned that I was going to interfere with their schedule. While I was in the shower, one of them came in with me and started taking her shower at the same time. It was an extraordinarily large shower, especially in length, but I still was not happy that she had come in with me. I don't like anyone else seeing me naked. I know some people don't mind it in certain situations, like at a gym in a locker room, but I do mind. It makes me very uncomfortable. There were two containers, for lack of a better description, attached to the wall of the shower. They were oval with one straight edge where they connected to the wall. Each had lid that was hinged on the back and lifted to open, much like a toilet. They where both white. One was for dirty laundry. I can't remember now what the other one was for. When I undressed to take my shower, I put my clothes in that container. As I was showering, I remembered that this facility offered free laundry service. I thought that I should have taken advantage of that so I wasn't taking so much dirty laundry home. It would have made it a little nicer for me when I got home and unpacked, to not have quite so much laundry to do. I decided that, after I finished my shower, I would go get alot of my dirty laundry and send it to the laundry service that night because I knew they would return it in the morning before it was time for me to leave. When I went to get it and came back, the clothes I had put in that laundry container earlier were gone. I told my roommate that I had forgotten that the container empties itself from the bottom at set times throughout the day and that the things I had put in there earlier were now gone. I was trying to decide if I was still going to send any of my other things to the laundry service. There were several other people in our room now, waiting for us as we were getting ready. They were sitting on one end of the banquette, in the corner. At the other end, one of my roommates had things sitting on it and was using both angles to get ready. It seems that we were getting ready to attend a final event that evening, but at the same time doing everything we could tonight so we could get ready to leave quickly in the morning. When I am traveling, I usually do as much of my packing as I can the night before. Two of the people who were waiting were Shirley J and Brad G. Someone, other than my roommates, said I could have Brad G help me with anything I needed. I appreciated the idea of having someone help, but was uncomfortable asking Brad G. I didn't believe that he would want to help. He especially wouldn't want to help me. I finally decided I should ask him anyway. When I did, he agreed to do whatever it was that I asked, but then it was Shirley J who actually got up, walked over, and helped. I handed her a pile of papers and said I needed them to be hole-punched and put in a three-ring binder. I handed her a three-ring binder that was folded open, though the rings were closed. It had some papers in it and pile of papers lying loosely in it. I told her those papers also needed to be hole-punched and that binder needed to be prepared. She sat down along the side of a table, with her right side to the table, to do this for me. A young woman I knew was going to be going on a trip and taking a bus for the first time. She was unsure of where to go and was somewhat ill at ease just from the unknowing of not having done it before. I told her what I had learned from my first bus travel experience, especially about the luggage and where she needed to go to catch the bus. I told her that someone had given me slightly wrong information about the location so I didn't want her to make the same mistake. I found out that her mother was going to be traveling with her, but arriving at the bus station later, similar to my acquaintance and myself when we went. When her mother arrived at the bus station, they found out that they had quite a long wait until their bus arrived. They decided to take their swimsuits out of their luggage and go for a swim while they were waiting. They weren't concerned that they would be getting on the bus with wet hair and no makeup. They were playing together in the pool as you might expect from two teenagers, having a great time. The mother was the actress Sally Fields. I couldn't help but notice what good physical condition her body was in and was very envious as she is about ten years older than I am. I was thinking that my body was in very good condition twenty-five years ago, but even then I wore a size eight. I was never as small as she is and my stomach was certainly never that flat, just like a model.