Wes S is back again already. He is married but planning to divorce his current wife. This is his second marriage. Someone tells me that he has five children. I am quite surprised by that. Both his first and second wife knew of me, just in terms of my being a woman that he has always had some kind of feelings for, or some interest in. His second wife appears very young, she's petite, and has long blond hair. She knew less about me then his first wife, Julie Sa, because she had never seen nor met me. When I met his second wife for the first time she said, ahhhhh, so you are Anna. She went on to say that Wes S has always loved me and that she had heard so much about me. She also said that I was the only one that he ever really wanted to be with. He was not home at the time. It was late at night so she invited me to spend the night there. She was sharing a bed with their two young daughters and said I could sleep there as well. We were all for sleeping in that bed when Wes S came home. His birth family is a very prominent wealthy family in the community. He is divorced and living with his parents in his birth home. It is a very large, old home, but very well maintained. All of the woodwork inside is painted white as are the doors. There is a small foyer type area probably not much more than four feet in diameter, but is more octagonal in shape. I'm standing in this area turning around and counting all the doors. There are seven. I realize that one of them actually isn't a door but just looks like it, two are doors and two are closets, and the other four are doors to different rooms of the home. I am now in a large open room and his mother comes in. She appears very young and energetic for her age, with blond hair and a warm and welcoming smile. As she sees me, she raises her hand and waves and she says you must be Anna. She also says that she has heard so much about me and she is so glad to finally meet me. I tell her that I am also very glad to finally meet her. She is very warm and friendly and treats me like her own daughter. Wes S and I are planning to marry, and he and his family realize how frightening that is for me. They are being very warm, kind, and comforting, trying to help me feel less afraid. Wes S tells me that he may be interested in having a child with me. I am taken aback by this comment, partially because he already has five children, and partially because of our age. While I know I don't want any more children, I'm also afraid to tell Wes S this because I don't want to lose him again. I start thinking that it might not be so bad depending on how involved he is as a father. His mother tells me a story about a time when Wes S was younger and he had come home from a social event. He had several pages in his hands, each one with the words to a different song. He was flipping through them and when he got to one of them, he pulled it out and put it on the top of the stack. She asked him if that was the song that he danced to with me. She said he bashfully nodded his head yes, and went to his room. I am helping Wes S bring Christmas decorations downstairs to decorate inside and outside for the holiday. There is an area that almost seems like a small store yet has very few things in it to sell. I am slightly rearranging those things to make room for the Christmas decorations the young girl who was working there seems irritated by this. I try to disrupt things as little as possible. Wes S, his most recent wife, and I are on a road trip together. We have been driving for quite a while. It's early morning as we approach Las Vegas. Someone mentioned something about finding a place to stop for breakfast. I tell them that I was just recently at Las Vegas with my son and my brother and we found that many of the casinos offer breakfast buffets. His ex-wife looks at me with a disapproving look. I don't know if it's because she doesn't believe me, or because she doesn't want to go somewhere like that for breakfast. I was with mother and we were shopping for my wedding dress. At one store, I was trying on traditional white wedding dresses. I tried on several that had empire with waistlines and the bodices were very decorative with beads and sequins. I said something to someone working there about preferring a style with an empire waistline and an A-line skirt. She corrected my pronunciation of the word empire. I was thinking to myself that the first-time empire dresses were in fashion was before she was even born and before Stacy London had her own TV program telling people to pronounce it differently. However, I said nothing, and simply tried to remember to pronounce it her way. After trying several of the dresses on, there were three that I wanted to try on a second time because I was sure that one of those three was the one that I wanted. I still had to decide between the three of them and I wanted to be sure. It was getting close to time for the store to close, so one of the workers had begun carrying all the clothing to the back room. We couldn't find all of those three dresses again. She did find one of them, and helped me put it on again. I stepped into it but was having a very hard time getting it up over my hips. Mother told me that it was too small. I reminded her that I had no problem getting it on earlier. I continued to wiggle it one side at a time until I got it on. The girl who had been helping us also said something. Mother started looking at dresses on some of the other racks and found a gold beaded dress that she thought would look nice. I looked at it and agreed to try it on thinking that it wasn't so bad. I now had on a gold top and a pair of black pants. I ask the sales girl where the skirt was that went with this top, as I had it on earlier. She didn't seem to know what happened to it. I went to the back and looked at a few more of the formal dresses. I remembered that I have said for some time, that the next time I get married I intended to where a very elegant silver formal gown rather than a traditional white wedding dress. This store didn't have anything like that, so I decided to leave and look elsewhere. I am driving alone around the area of LS Mall. I realized, as I go to my right and across three lanes, that I am driving very dangerously and I need to be more careful for other people. I feel badly about the way I was driving. I turned right onto what I believe is an entrance road to the shopping mall. As soon as I do, I realize that I turned at the wrong place. I continue driving through parking lots hoping that I can get to the mall without going back on to the main street. While zigzagging around a number of buildings and parking lots I do finally get to the mall parking lot. I am with a young girl who used to work at a women's clothing store. She feels sure that this store will have exactly what I'm looking for. We walked into the store and it was empty. There were no racks, no merchandise, and no people. She makes the comment that they shouldn't be running the store this way. I'm confused, because it doesn't even appear to me to beat a store. She walks through a dark doorway and I follow her. It takes us into another empty room, where she again walks through a darkened doorway at the back of the room that leads us into yet another identical room. Each time she enters one of these room she looks around to see if one of the employees are there. Each time it is just another empty room. This happens at least a dozen times. The rooms are not all in a straight line, making it feel a bit like a maze. This makes me feel very uneasy and claustrophobic. I'm getting very nervous. We finally enter a very large room that looks like a large office space full of individual cubicles. There are women working at several of the cubicles who see us come in and acknowledge the girl that I am with. She says something to them about no one being around and about the fact that she brought me there to look for a wedding dress. 