I was at a theater downtown. Whatever I was there for, I was supposed to go back stage. At some point the theater, where the seats normally are, was an indoor athletics field. There indoor youth soccer games being held. I was looking through a window that had horizontal slats about every 6 inches. The slats kept me from having a good view. There were other people around. I told someone that I have always enjoyed the small children play soccer, especially the very young ones. By the time I was ready to leave, the group of high school senior girls had just finished their game. Someone said something to them about it being their last high school game. They were walking away from us but turned to their left, looked over their shoulders, nodded their heads yes, and smiled. There were four girls, all very tall, dressed in beige shirts and shorts. They were all wearing their hair in ponytails. Bev, Aunt H, Aunt P, and Mother were all there. I had been selling things online for various people. A man had given me a food processor to sell. It looked very similar to my old one. I had sold it but the person who bought it returned it, saying that the lid lock was broken. The owner had not told me this. I checked and it was broken. I was upset that I didn't know this prior to placing the ad. Since the owner hadn't told me, I also wondered if I was going to be able to get him to pay the customer back. He agreed to refund the clients money himself, and allowing me to keep my commission for my effort. There was a table with lots of things sitting on it. I was gathering some of the items and sitting them in a shallow box. These were items that I was going to take home to try to sell. Someone started to help me and I said I only wanted the things that were cobalt blue, because I knew they would do well. I was talking to someone about the food processor, saying that it was a shame that the lid lock was broken because it was otherwise a great machine. We were talking about all of the things it would do, while using it to chop something. We just held the lid on snugly using a hand. A priest was there and had overheard our conversation. He asked me what I was going to do with it now. I asked him if he would like it and he very eagerly said yes, so I gave it to him. 