I had suggested to the parish council at my church that we have a chili dinner as a fund-raising event. Steve Wi was there and thought that was a great idea. We were having the dinner and it was going extremely well. We had invested about $1000 dollars in it and we had already counted $9000 in revenue. Steve Wi was very excited. As it got close to the end of the event, the members of the council got in line for chili. There were two different kinds. Both kinds had something in them that looked like small rolled tortillas. The tortillas had the chili meat inside them. Someone said that Sandra Bowers [waking life criminal. News program did a show about her story.] was at the dinner and everyone became very frightened. Someone called in a very large security force to try to find and capture her. The members of the security force were all armed. Quite a few people had been killed, but I'm not sure if they were accidentally killed by the security force or killed by Sandra. There was a line of caskets with people who had been killed. Security thought they had killed Sandra and her mother, and they were in two of the caskets. Their caskets weren't sitting side-by-side. The caskets were in a large room that resembled a warehouse. It was fairly dark inside. Sandra and her mother weren't really dead and got out of their caskets as soon as they thought no one was around. Even though they thought they were dead, the security force had not left and were still on full alert. Someone spotted Sandra's mother and shot her. This time she really did die. A little bit later, someone spotted Sandra and shot her. She fell to the ground and they thought they had really killed her that time. She managed to get up and move again. She looked like she hadn't been hurt at all. There was no blood or anything. I was very frightened, and some people thought she was after me. One man was trying to get me to a safe place. There were large pallets, filled with boxes and covered for storage. We were walking across the tops of these boxes. I saw her down below and was trying to hide so she wouldn't see me. There was a plastic bag that I thought I could cover myself with and I would just look like I was one of the dead bodies. I moved the bag and realized it was already covering a dead body. I decided that I would rather lay by a dead body and be safe than to take my chances. At the end it seemed that she had switched identities with someone else.