I was in a dating contest, similar to The Bachelor, on TV, though I seem to have gotten involved unintentionally. I had no interest in participating and no interest in the bachelor, but was just playing along. The bachelor was Ben Affleck. When it got down to the final few women, they said the bachelor now had to choose two women for final one-on-one dates. His final choice would be one of those two women. Even though a number of the other women were interested in him, most of us agreed that there was one woman in particular who was the best fit for him. We all decided to talk with him at once and tell him that. He had not spent much time with the woman we had in mind because she is very quiet and reserved. We had asked him to come and meet us because we wanted to talk with him, though we hadn't told him why. We were all dressed in semi-formal attire, and sitting on the walls of a large, public fountain. It was early evening, and the sun was beginning to set. When he arrived, we told him why we wanted to talk with him. We strongly encouraged him to choose her for one of his final dates. He agreed to do so. Then he chose me for his other final date. I was very surprised, and I didn't really want the final date. I also didn't want to tell anyone that I hadn't wanted to participate in this contest and that I had just been playing along. Since most of us had agreed that the other girl was the best match for him, I decided to just go on the date because I thought there would be less chance of him choosing someone other than the one girl we had talked to him about. As we were driving to wherever it was that we were going for our date I asked him if he has dated older women in the past, knowing that he was significantly younger than I am. He said that he has, and that he enjoys older women. I saw that he isn't much older than my son. He asks how old my son is, and gets a surprised look on his face when I answer. He seems to suddenly realize that I am older than he originally thought. I'm pleased that he guessed me to be younger, but start guessing his age. I finally figure out that he is only 19. We are doing something that seems to turn into a water ride that you might see at an amusement or water park. We are huddled together as we are whisked through the water, barely missing being hit by large waves on either side of us. The waves stopped, though we were still moving very rapidly. The thing we were riding in had us facing backwards. We knew something big was coming, but we didn't know what. We decided they had us facing backwards so we couldn't see what was coming. Just then we were moved onto a track, similar to a roller coaster track. We saw it just as we were moved onto it. It was one giant hill down, and then several loops. I was terrified, but it was over so quickly that it turned out to not be a big deal. Now we are on a boat, and he is still talking about a relationship. I would not have a relationship with him even if I had any desire at all to do so. Something is happening outside of the boat and we see other people, maybe in another boat, off to our left, but a level or two lower than us. Two of the people are his parents. He has to do something and these people, especially his parents, are offering tips and encouragement. He is successful with whatever it is. His dad is very proud, his mother is smiling as if to say, of course he was successful.