I was at Larry K and Sue K's house. I spent my time mostly with Sue K. I had such a great time I jokingly said that I thought I would move to their area so I could spend more evenings like this. They seemed to enjoy it as much as I did. Larry K told us that he had set Matthew up to spend the evening with a young lady, for the purpose of making out. He told Matthew to tell her up front what his intention was for the evening. I was standing behind him while he sat and worked at the computer. I saw him doing things that I didn't know how to do, in programs that I use all the time. I said that if I lived near them I could learn alot from him about computers. He was using alot of keyboard shortcuts that I wasn't aware of. There were four different kind of cakes. Matthew was there with the girl he had gone out with that evening, and one of her girlfriends was there. We were each eating one piece of each cake. We said we were doing a one night splurge. Matthew and I were getting ready to leave. We were driving a small-size pickup truck. We had bunch of things to put in the back to take home. We carried some things out to put in and pulled up a tarp to put the things under it. We both immediately noticed how dirty it was. I was hesitant to sit things down in there with it being so dirty. One of the things we were going to be carrying out to put in there was some laundry, though it was clean laundry. I suggested we take a few of the towels and lay them down and then we can sit everything else on the towels. Sue was sending some food home with us. There was fried chicken, French fries, and some of the cake that we were eating earlier. Alan K and Jean K showed up. Some of their children were at Larry K and Sue K's house. I jokingly said something about Alan K and Jean K's children were at Larry K and Sue K's house and vice versa. Jean told me that her and Alan had adopted a female child from another country. I don't know what country but the child was not Caucasian. The child kept morphing back and forth in age. Initially she wasn't even a toddler yet, then she was suddenly a pregnant teenager with significant nausea. Then she was a toddler. I am at the BE Retreat Center. There were quite a few people there for some type of class or program. Someone asked me about the SDI. There was a short flight of stairs, maybe just six or eight steps. I went up a few steps and then had to climb over a wrought-iron railing to get to wear the person was who asked me the question. A little ways in from the top of the steps there was a round coffee table piled with stuff. There was a magazine type basket with brochures and literature in it. People had piled stuff on top of it, maybe coats,  so you couldn't see it. A few people had made movements that led me to believe that they wanted to hear my answer also. I moved some of the things and grabbed a few of the brochures about the SDI. I handed a brochure to the woman who had asked about the SDI. Then I held the others out to offer some of the other people there. Three people actually moved close and sat down next to the first woman, to make sure they could hear well. I could tell that a few people were planning to listen from where they were and another one that didn't seem to have any interest at all. I started sharing my experience with the program and what a tremendous experience I thought it was. I gave them some of the technical information, like how often and when the class meets and other info like that. There was a couple sitting at a round table with a young child. They had another child that wasn't with them. They had been telling someone else there about an illness the other child had. Someone told them that condition could be much more serious than most people realize, even than most doctors realize. They gave an example of someone they knew. This person strongly recommended they take the child to see a specialist. Others had been listening to this conversation and someone recommended Doctor C. Someone else nodded their head yes. I'm not sure how, but someone knew that I used to work for SVH and asked me if I know Doctor C. I said that I do. The couple asked me where he practices and if he is part of SVH. I told them that he is part of SVH, and gave them his location. Then I also mentioned two of the young patients with this disease that he had cared for. I told them that he is considered one of the best and I certainly highly recommend him. The more this one person talked to them the more concerned they became about their child. I would even say this other person was really scaring them. They had become quite distraught. This couple decided to leave immediately. They were going to do something related to their sick child. Alan K and Jean K were going to go along with them and asked me to watch the toddler. They wanted to go see how they could help. Before they left someone said something about ice cream sounding really good. It was after dark, and most businesses were closed. Someone mentioned that there was something like an outdoor concession stand on the property and they thought they could get ice cream there. They stopped by the stand to see if they had ice cream before going to their car. They were asking the toddler what she wanted. I was putting the toddler to bed in one of the guest rooms. The bed was a little more than waist high to me. The bedding was yellow and white. I am walking through the second floor of the retreat center, and I'm carrying the toddler. It appears to be a very long building. There is no hallway. Each room is as wide as the building or as that wing of the building. The connecting wall of each two rooms didn't have doors but just a wide opening. I was walking to the room where I needed to exit the building to go to my car. Some of the rooms didn't have a front wall. There were very wide steps leading down to the sidewalk. I started toward the steps in one room and then realized that wasn't the right one, that I needed the very last one in the building. The person who was working in the concession stand was in a car and had an accident, hitting the man of the couple with the ill child. Alot of this seems to jump back and forth, as though the scenes of a movie had not been edited into the film in the right sequence. I was taking the toddler home to spend the night with me. I go through the same row of rooms more than once. No one can find the man who got hit since the accident happened. His wife is getting frantic. Alan K and Jean K get in their own vehicle and are going to try to find him.  