Matthew and I were attending an event at my birth home. It was being held in the basement. The left side of the basement, where the steps are, was completely under water. I didn't want to join the people on the other side of the basement. Daddy suggested I get out the boat. It was an inflatable, full-size boat. Towards the center of the boat was an area that was raised two or three feet higher than the rest of the boat. People could sit around the lower exterior or they could sit on this higher, interior part. It even had a motor. I was driving it in loops around this side of the basement. The basement was much, much longer than in waking life. It was a little bit wider, but not much. Other people got in the boat with me. There was something about BJ and a friend of hers or someone she knew, meals, and clothing. She had made a quick meal for this other person, putting two raw whole fish in soup broth. One of the fish looked like a baby lobster and the other just an average fish. I went to the bathroom and saw that this person had taken her meal to the bathroom and put it in the toilet, but she didn't flush the toilet, so I saw them in there. I decided not to say anything to her or BJ. Someone had put raw fish in the boat, which was causing a very bad smell. Several members of my extended family were going home with Matthew and I. We talked about taking the boat home. I was going to be driving and wasn't sure how I felt about that. We decided to take a truck, so most people had to ride in the back of the truck, including me. I was sitting towards the middle and talking to someone on a cell phone. We had the boat in the back of the truck with us. People were complaining about the fish smell. As soon as we got home people got out of the truck very quickly to escape the odor. Someone took the boat to clean it out and try to get rid of the smell. I think that was Chris H and Matthew. Matthew found a house for me to buy in my home city and he was going to live with me. The house was three stories tall, above ground. I believe it was a condo, one of two in a building. It was very large, open, with lots of windows and glass pane doors. Each floor had ramps, like handicap ramps, with rails or half-walls on both sides of them. The ramps were in the middle of the rooms though, where they seemed to serve no purpose. The layout of every floor was also very unusual, and hard to describe. They weren't all squares or rectangles, and the rooms on each side of the home weren't all the same depth as the other rooms on that side. The bathrooms were especially odd. They seemed to be big enough for little more than the toilet. The doors to the bathrooms were hinged on the left and opened out. As you opened the door, the toilet was right inside the door to the right, facing the same wall that the door was on. To use it, you had to swing it away from the wall, into the room, but it only came out far enough to be at a 45 degree angle to the door. It was attached fairly high on the wall, just below waist height, my waist. It was also very different in shape. The sit was black and dome-shaped with a two-inch oval opening in the middle front. This was clearly designed for women, but could only be used for urinating. I didn't see any toilet paper and wondered about that. In the corner of the front and right side wall, where the toilet was, there was a very small triangular space, kind of like a shelf. It was probably 2 inches or less in depth. This was our first night in the house, although we didn't have our furniture there yet. We did have all of our boxed things there, all still in boxes. We were all going to sleep on the floor in the same room that night. Bev morphed in age more than once in this dream, and she also appeared at the same time at different ages. Bev as a child was going to spend the night with us, as was Rachel as an infant. Bev the adult was going home. I told her I was concerned about being solely responsible for Rachel the infant. She said it would be fine. Rachel was sleeping. Bev gave me some instructions for caring for her. I was still very uneasy about it. Bev the child was both excited and anxious about staying there. The excitement was that she was always excited when she got to spend the night with me. The anxiety came from fear of the unknown, of a new situation, new surroundings. The previous owners had not turned in all of their keys at the closing. It turns out they had given quite a few people copies of the keys. As we were getting ready to go to sleep, a young man came busting in through a side door. Matthew jumped up and ran toward him. None of us knew who it was. Matthew said something to him, as he headed toward a closet. It turns out he used to live there and he was looking for some things he had left there. He grabbed some of the things that had been left in one closet and left. That had left us all a little shaken. Just as we were beginning to calm down, a car came driving into the main room through another of the glass doors. I was calling for Matthew as I ran to the car. I was standing on the passenger side at the front door, trying to hold it closed so they couldn't get out. I was holding Rachel while I was doing this. Before Matthew got there, someone jumped out of the car using one of the other doors and was holding a gun. He threatened me as he told me to let the guy out of the car. I stepped back and the other guy jumped out and ran to one of the closets. He was also looking for some things that had been left there. He went to more than one closet. He took some of the things and they left. We were obviously a little more shaken this time and finding it more difficult to calm down. Now two young women came in yet another door. They looked pretty shabby, and kind of scary. They had been told the house was empty and that they could come in here to use drugs without worrying about getting caught. I was beginning to think about how quickly we might be able to get all of the locks changed. They left and then yet another young man showed up. This one didn't just come in though. He knocked. We went to the door and he explained that he used to live there and wanted to get the rest of his things out of the closets. We walked with him to the closets. He was surprised when all of his things weren't there. We told him what had happened just before he arrived. He seemed a bit upset, more sad than angry. He was a very well-mannered, well-groomed. He said he was Catholic and had a decent conversation with us. I felt sorry for him, but knew there was nothing I could have done since I didn't even know anyone had left anything in the closets since we had not begun to unpack. 