I was in my home city, I believe at the main branch of the library, with someone. [After waking, I can't identify who this was or even if I knew them in the dream.] We were discussing the beautiful architecture of the building itself and of the cement elements around it. There were cement walls on the property. Instead of just being flat and even on top, towards the end of the walls they sloped up, line patterns in the sloped part, and then a decorative cement element at the top of the slope. I was going to try to draw them as I'm outside waiting for Ben D.  We spent some time together, walking the grounds and talking. Near the building, there were things that I can best describe as iron, scrollwork gates, arched at the top and either brown, or rusted. They were just inches away from the side of the building, and were several stories tall. There is another piece of ironwork behind it and closer to the building. They were slightly offset from a window, so they covered about half, the right half, of a window. Ben D was the age he is in waking life but he was only 1 foot tall and standing on an arched piece of iron between the top of these two pieces. He was completely naked. He had gone out there to relax. When I saw him I became very distressed, worried that he was going to be hurt. We were at least two stories high and if he fell, I wasn't sure he would survive. I opened the window and asked him to please come him, telling him that he was making me very anxious. He asked me to take his hand and help him in. I held his hand as he walked closer to the window. He slipped once and really scared me, but made it back inside safely. I think it was just a day or two later that the same thing happened again. I am now at an event with a large crowd of people, most of whom I knew. Some were family, some were friends, and some were merely acquaintances. I was waiting for Ben D. He had said he would meet me there. I was walking with a man, I'm not sure if it was Ben D, and one or two other people. We were talking about the girls I went to grade school with. Diane S and Paulette W were mentioned then someone asked about Cindy S. I said that she was not part of whatever it was we were talking about. There was also something about Marlene F.