Bill C bought a plane and called to invite me to go for a ride with him. It didn't look like any normal airplane. It was shaped more like a helicopter but it didn't have the blades on top like a helicopter. He was also taking Matthew, Bill F, and another guy named Woppler. [Don't know anyone by this name in waking life.] There was a compartment for us to put any personal belongings. It was accessed from the top of the plane and was fairly small. I was shoving to get my jacket in. Bill C said that he had told me there wasn't much room, and that the plane or compartment was really only designed for two people. We stopped at McDonald's for lunch. Bill C just landed the plane in the parking lot where the car spaces were. Bill C and I were at the counter getting ready to order. He was debating whether or not to order the fried water. He debated first, because it was full of sugar and fat. He decided to go ahead and get it. He gave me two sandwiches, knowing I would not want to eat all of that. He said I should eat half of each one and then give the other half to Kara C. Bill F and Matthew were off by themselves and Woppler was off by himself. I hate a little bit of one of the sandwiches and began eating the other. Kara C came in and sat down at a booth with me. She seems older than in waking life. I gave her the first sandwich. Bill C came up to me and said something about Woppler. I asked, do you mean Doctor Woppler? Though I knew that is who he was referring to. He gave me a bit of an aggravated look. He said Woppler had been drinking and was running around outside running around and acting crazy. Bill F and Matthew were out there trying to catch him. There was a lot of commotion about this. Bill C just wanted to catch him, get him in the plane, and leave. I suddenly realized that I hadn't been paying attention to what I was eating while all of this was going on and I had eaten all but one bite of the other sandwich. I quickly apologized to Kara C and offered to buy her another sandwich. She said she had actually had enough and didn't want anything else, but thanked me for offering. We went out to the plane and I was once again trying to stuff my belongings into the storage compartment. We are in a car, with Bill F driving. Woppler and Kara C are not in the car with us. Bill C and I are in the backseat, I am behind the driver. The landscape was beautiful, with lots of water. I asked the guys if they knew of any water sources like these in our home state. They all said no. I'm not sure what to call them. They seem to small to call a river, yet too large to call them a brook. The water was rolling down over hillsides and rocks, and just gorgeous. We had just pulled onto a bridge crossing a fairly wide body of water and we all saw to our right a huge, long wave coming right toward us. I hoped we could get by before it hit the bridge but we didn't. It engulfed the car and seemed to maintain this arch of flowing water over us. Bill F hit the gas and kept driving. I was so scared. I thought it would push the vehicle onto its side or completely off the bridge. Bill F managed to keep driving and get through it. We were all soaking wet, but Bill F and Matthew were covered with mud, head to toe. While still sitting in the driver seat Bill_F pulled his pants off. I thought this was so unlike him. 