I was at a SAID conference. There was a large group of people outside around one of the sidewalks. Ben D was standing on the sidewalk facing and talking with another person standing on the sidewalk to his left. I was walking down this sidewalk and was going to need to walk right between them to get through. As I did, Ben D turned to see who was coming. I reached up with my right hand and rubbed the back of his head. He looked very rough, almost scary. He had tattoos covering most of his head and some on his arms as well. As I rubbed his head, I smiled, and just kept walking. I saw him again later, but just from a distance. I was thinking about how much I dislike tattoos and that it was disappointing to see that he had gotten them, especially so many and in such prominent places. There was a final program being held in an auditorium. The final conference gala would be held that evening. I left to go begin getting ready for the gala. I encountered Ben D once again on the sidewalk. This time he was with some other, considerably younger men, who looked just as rough as he did, if not more so. Because he was not in the middle of a conversation with someone else, I stopped to talk with him this time. He was being very unkind, even mean. He told me that all of this time that I thought we were friends he had just been using me, and now he wanted nothing further to do with me. I heard what he was saying, and saw his facial expression while he spoke. Still, something in his eyes led me to believe that he didn't really mean it, but was saying it because these other younger men with him wanted him to tell me that. These men were trying to control who Ben D's successor would be, for his work. They especially wanted to make sure that it wasn't a woman. I headed back to my room. Ben D and the other men followed me. My roommate had already packed and checked out. It was dark outside. I was very nervous about them following me. They wanted to come into my room. I told them no and that I had to pack and check out. I could see some of the staff on the floor above me. They said that I needed to pack and leave because it was past checkout time. The men that were with Ben D forced their way into my room and told me that I was to have sex with Ben D and then they also wanted me to have sex with another one of them, maybe more than one at a time. I was repulsed by the very suggestion. After that, they wanted me to have no further interaction with Ben D, ever. I didn't even want to be with Ben D at that point. Ben D was dressed in something that almost looked like some type of costume. It was scary in appearance. It was black, skin-tight, and covered nearly his entire body, except that his penis stuck out of it. I finally gave in and had very brief intercourse with him. There was nothing loving or caring about it. There was no kissing or cuddling, only intercourse. After just a few minutes, I stopped and told them all to leave. They did.