I was a child at summer camp, rooming with Susan J and one other girl I didn't know. The camp was very strict about us eating only healthy things while we were there. I had snuck in tons of candy in my suitcases, and tried to disguise the packaging in case anyone did see it. My roommates were glad I snuck it in. We each had a piece each evening. More than once, they suspected something and looked in my luggage. It wasn't until the last time that they found it and confiscated it. I hidden some of it someplace else, but later someone else came in and found it too. Some of it was gummy bears. Some of it was Easter peeps. There was more, but I don't know what it was. Some of it was in bottles that looked like Tums antacid. The first time they looked in my luggage and noticed it, I told them it was Tums. Susan J was sleeping in an upper bunk bed. I climbed up in bed with her and wanted to talk to her. I realized I was dreaming. I told her that I knew she was also aware that this was a dream, and I wanted to figure out why we were there. At first, she pretended that she didn't know what I was talking about. She finally gave in and said that she did realize it was a dream. We told our roommate that this was a dream. We talked about the fact that we had been there as children and that in waking life we are in our fifties. [In waking life, we never attended a summer camp.] She talked about her husband. Apparently, they were having problems. She was still wearing her wedding rings. They were bright gold and had lots of diamonds. I was lying on my left side as I listened to her talk. As she talked she began to cry, and soon was sobbing. She laid down, turned her back to me, and then moved back so she was up against me. I put my right arm around her to comfort her, but didn't speak. I was thinking that I was uncomfortable in this physical position with her, but wished I wasn't. We were going canoeing and they were giving us instructions, especially tips on things to do to prevent tipping the canoe over. They took us to an unknown location and the team in each canoe had to find their own way back to camp. Some teams did much better than others in figuring out how to get back. My team didn't. I somehow ended up in the water alone and was swimming towards another team, really struggling. I reached two other girls and told them that I barely know now to swim and that I don't even know how to tread water. I pointed out that I did not have a lifejacket on, which is unusual for me to do when I go canoeing. They didn't realize how serious I was. I was really struggling to get to their canoe. As soon as I thought I was within arm's reach of the canoe, I grabbed it and held on to it. Just as I did that, I heard them say something about people who grab for the canoe ahead of everyone else. When we were back at camp we had our wet shirts laid out somewhere to dry. Some of the staff were going around checking on us and asking about our shirts.