Someone named Ed was going to die soon. I knew who he was, though didn't really know him. [Completely unknown in waking life.] He was terminally ill and the doctors were going to end his life in one hour. His wife and mother were very distraught, but making plans for a memorial and viewing service that afternoon, even though he was with them. He was a tall man with thick, black hair. They couldn't bear to take him to the doctor's office so I agreed to take him. I don't think he ever said anything. We got to the doctor's office and the waiting room was packed with people. I walked up to the nurse's station. They were four or five nurses working there. Two were standing and turned to me as I approached. I reached over the counter and handed them a suit jacket on a hanger and told them it was for Ed. They looked at each other and then back at me, as though they didn't know what I was talking about. I turned my head and looked behind me at Ed. He was standing alone in the back of the room. They looked in that direction and immediately knew. They took the jacket and called Ed to the back. I left. The funeral home was to bring the casket to the church shortly after for the viewing and memorial service. Several hours later, there was no sign of anyone. I went back to the doctors office to find out what was happening. The nurses told me that there had been a delay and that the funeral home would be able to pick up the body in about an hour. I was thinking that they would still need time to prepare the body before they can bring him to the church for the memorial. Someone else was with me now as I went back to the church. We were in the vestibule. As I reached to open the doors to the main worship area, I realized Ed was going to come in with me. I told him that he couldn't do that because of how it would affect people. I told him he had to wait back there. As I went into the worship area, I looked around at how many people were there. Many of them seemed to be celebrating. I immediately thought about stories I've heard or read where some cultures celebrate when someone crosses over to another realm and realized this must be what they were doing. They had set up tables of food near the altar and everyone was eating as they waited. Ed's wife and mother were standing near the tables of food, talking with some of their guests. As I approached them his mother walked away. I told his wife what was going on, though I didn't tell her that Ed was in the vestibule. She was visibly shaken. She told me to just get some food and walked away. I didn't recognize any of the food. It was all unusual shapes and sizes. I picked up something that looked kind of like a tortilla salad bowl, but it was thicker and soft like bread. I was looking at other people getting food to try to figure out what to do next. I realized that I had started at the wrong end of the table. I apologized and moved to the other end and followed the line. I figured out that the basic ingredients of most of the food was bread and eggs, and then I also saw some bacon. The plates had something already on them. It was a something dark and round, and this is what I was supposed to sit this bread thing on. Then you were supposed to put the other things in the bread. 