I was in my bedroom and thought I heard someone come in the front door downstairs. I went to the top of the steps and looked down at the door and listened for a second. It sounded like someone was walking toward the patio door. I wondered if it was Matthew. As I walked down the stairs I noticed that the large box I had sitting next to the bottom of the steps was gone. When I saw that I realized it was someone else. I heard them go out the patio door so I hurried to follow them. I got to the patio door, opened it and leaned out just as they disappeared around the right corner of the building. I yelled out to them a couple of times. Two men came around the corner. One was tearing up a cardboard box. The other one said something to me. I went back inside and called 911. I told them I had been robbed and the men were still there. I was watching out my front window as I talked to them and saw them pull away. I told them they were leaving and that they were driving a red truck and pulling a short, low, green trailer. The trailer had sides and a back on it that were probably no more than 2 feet high. It had white lettering that something about trees. The police arrived before they could get away. I got down on the floor. I was thinking that this is the one time I might welcome Darren's guns. Just then, Darren comes walking in, and I see one of the robbers behind him with Darren's gun. He comes in and sits down in a chair in front of me. Both chairs are sitting along a side wall facing away from the front of the house. I hear gun shots and we both bend down. I tell him to get down on the floor, so we both lie down on the floor. A man comes in carrying a gun. He is middle-aged, mostly grey hair, short, and has a big belly. Just as I think this is a police officer and we are safe, he takes off running out through the patio door. I hear more shots fired. Once everything is quiet, we stand up and the two men that I thought were the robbers come walking towards the house telling us they are the police officers. I don't believe them so I tell them I want to see their badges. They each pull them out and hold them out for me to see, but they are too far away for me to tell if they are real or not, so I'm not sure if I should believe them or not. 