I was attending a business program in a large office building. I was facing a bank of elevators, preparing to go up to the floor where the program was being held. There was a short line of people standing in front of the elevator doors to the far left. The adjoining wall was a wall of windows. It seems that there were at least six elevators. Towards the middle of the row, out a few feet, was a speaker's podium. There was an older man sitting on a high stool behind it. He was tall and thin, with gray hair. I was talking with him and said there is one quality that an individual needs to succeed, and that without it an individual won't succeed. I then asked him what he thinks that one quality is. There was absolutely no doubt in my mind that I was right about this. He said something and I prodded him to take that one quality a bit deeper to come up with the answer I was looking for. After a few seconds I said, perseverance. He immediately said, ah, yes, and nodded his head in agreement. I then asked if he knew who the perfect example of this was, and without giving him a chance to answer, I said, Christopher Gardner. He looked at me as though he didn't know who this was. At just that moment Chris G came walking up to my left to get in the line of people waiting for an elevator. I turned slightly to my left so I could see both the man I had been talking with and Chris G and said to the man that this was his lucky day. As I raised my left hand toward Chris G, I told the man, this is Chris Gardner. I'm not sure why I didn't use his full name. Chris looked at me a little bewildered, not knowing who I was or why I am speaking of him to this man. I am outside walking in grass between two buildings. They don't really seem to be office buildings but I'm not sure they are industrial buildings either. I am dressed in a suit, with an overcoat laying over my left arm and carrying a portfolio. I saw the man I had been talking with earlier and decided to go back and say one more thing to him, related to my job search. As I approached him, he was sitting at a small, square, cafe-type table with an older woman. They appeared to be working as they both had papers in front of them. As I approached him, he looked up at me. I apologized for interrupting and told him I just wanted to ask if he had any openings for an executive. He said he did not, that they were a very small company. He also said that he still had the prior two executive portfolios that I had sent him over the years. I was quite surprised by that. It apparently showed on my face because he said something about taking note of me when he reviewed each of the portfolios. For this reason, he had not forgotten me. I thanked him, turned to my right, and walked away. Maybe ten yards or so in front of me, and to my right, was a lunch counter attached to a wall of windows. I decided to go sit at one of the stools and look over some papers I had with me. There is a feeling of being both outdoors and indoors, and I'm not sure how to explain that. A woman was sitting on the stool immediately to my right. There were just a few small, square, cafe tables behind me. There were some women sitting at one or more of those tables. All of these women work for the man I had been talking with. It sounded as though none of them were happy at their jobs, or with their work. I don't think it had anything to do with this man though. A server approached me from behind and asked if I wanted anything. I said no. She walked away to one of the tables behind me. As she did, I changed my mind. I turned to my left and back and said, excuse me. As she looked towards me, I told her I would like to have a cup of decaf coffee. She nodded her head yes. A few minutes later, she came back with a coffee cup and coffee pot and poured some coffee for me. As I got ready to leave I got out my money to pay for my coffee. It was just a dollar and some change. I got out a little extra for a tip. I was gathering my things and trying to hold them while also picking up my check and money to pay before leaving. I started to take the tip with me and realized that I should just leave the tip on the table. I put two dimes down next to the coffee cup. It seems as though I have a pair of winter gloves in my hand and that I have the check and the money lying on top of those.  