I am at what seems to be a SAID event, though there are people there from SAID and from CRHP. Ben D and I were having some very nice time together. It wasn't intimate or sexual, just being together around other people. It was very nice. I was going to dinner with Ben D and with Julie D from CRHP. Two other women from CRHP decided to join us. I was the last to arrive at the table. Ben D was sitting at the end of one side of a rectangular table and the other two women had taken seats to his left. Julie D had taken a seat across from him. I was disappointed that I couldn't sit next to him. Julie D knew about my relationship with him and looked at me, acknowledging my disappointment with her eyes. Later, when he and I were talking we decided that I would go to SC with him that night. There was a male college student that he was taking home to SC also. Ben D was driving a very small silver sports car. The college guy had several pieces of very large luggage. Ben D was having trouble fitting it in the trunk of his car, which opened by the back window instead of by the rear of the car. He knew he still had to make room for my luggage somewhere. Something was going to have go in the backseat with the college student. I was in the lobby of the CAS office building and saw Bill C. We both seemed genuinely happy to see each other and there was no tension at all. It was as though time had simply wiped it all away, though, nothing was mentioned about the past. I noticed that he had once again changed staff, now having one young woman and one young man working for him as consultants. I agreed to take care of something for him before I left. There was a very large machine in the lobby. It was nearly 5 feet tall and about 3 or 4 feet wide and deep. There was a square opening in the wall, about 2 or 3 feet on each side and bit deeper than that. It was lined with steel sheeting. There was a big pile of what appears to be cash register receipts and I am feeding them into this machine by month. Ben D comes in with his usual big smile, and I smile back. He is always smiling and seeing him always makes me smile. He is waiting for me to finish so we can go. I tell him I am almost done. I realize that it would take me too long to finish so I go tell Bill C that I'm not going to be able to do anymore. He seems to appreciate how much I did for him. As I am leaving, I see Jane C sitting at the end of a low, cream-colored, rectangular table. I lean over a bit to get her attention and see that she is talking on the phone. She notices me but doesn't respond in any way. I left and walked out to Ben D's car.