I was shopping in II with Stacey London and Clinton  Kelly. It was getting late. I went to Castleview Mall and only had about thirty minutes before the stores were going to close. Then we went to KATC. We had not bought anything yet. We were going through the mall. It had a very unique layout. The stores were similar to the very selective, upper class, boutiques you might find in New York. There was only one of each thing in the stores. Very sparsely stocked. Clinton was playing some kind of game in the ball, shooting at things. He continued as we walked out the door. He was shooting at something on the wall. Stacey had left a white, beaded hat lying outside on a partial wall next to the car. She saw that it had blown off and was lying on the ground. The other side of the wall was a very steep embankment. She was going to let it go but then saw an opening in the wall and decided to run down and get it. I was surprised that she was able to remain upright given how steep the embankment was. I didn't think we would be able to buy anything since the stores had closed. They said they typically don't finish in one day when they are taking someone shopping. They were going to spend the night at my house. My house looked very different than in waking life. It was very large and very, very modern. Sparsely decorated and all white. While we were shopping, Stacey had been doing the driving. After we finished and were headed back to my house. Clinton was driving and Stacey was sitting in the front seat next to him. While we were shopping, at one point Clinton had offered me his arm while we walked. I don't know why. I think because I was becoming so tired. After that, if I wasn't holding on to his arm, he was holding my hand. We were rushing to one of the stores and I was lagging behind. I told him he was just going to have to pull me, so he did. It did help me to move faster. When we were headed back to the house, Stacey was sitting in the middle, right next to him, and was leaning against him. She laid her head on his shoulder and he tilted his head down on hers. I saw them kiss and was confused and bothered by this because earlier it felt that he had a romantic interest in me. So, I didn't understand this. Also, I remembered that they said in an interview once that there was only a friendship between them. But now that appears to not be true. When we got to the house, I told them they could have my bedroom. Lara D is with us now. I told her she could sleep in Matthew's room and I would sleep in the living room. My home was all one floor. We were all so dead tired. So they each headed to the bedrooms and straight to bed as I headed to the sofa. I went through a window in the wall or something like that, into Matthew's room where Layne was. I told her she could pull the futon out into a bed but she didn't know how. I told her that there seemed to be a trick to it. I pulled it out for her. My bathroom was huge. It was bigger than a very large public bathroom. There was a row of stalls, but the stalls were about twice the size of those typically seen in public bathrooms. There were no doors on them either. There was a wall that came about halfway across the front but was only about three feet tall. The side walls were floor to ceiling. Everything is white. There is no color at all in this bathroom, the walls, fixtures and everything. Everyone was using the bathroom at once. No one seemed concerned about anyone seeing them in a stall. I guess because of the partial wall. I was uncomfortable with it, but soon realized they all seemed oblivious to anything anyone else was doing. Cal B is there now. We were all so dead tired. Stacey was planning to get up at 4:30 in the morning. Clinton and Lara D were planning to get up at 5:00. I decided to get up at 4:45 so we could stagger our times in the shower. Even though we were so tired, we were having trouble going to sleep. Stacey was not sleeping in the same room as Clinton. They seemed confused when I suggested they share a bed. I apologized and said that I thought they were in a relationship and would want to be in the same room. They said they weren't in a relationship. [Things aren't what they seem?] Clinton suggested I share his bed, though neither of us had any sexual intentions or desires, even though I think we did kiss a couple of times. Lara D had some people coming there for a meeting for her business. She was concerned about things being quiet and about being interrupted while they were here. At the end of the row of stalls in the bathroom, there was an area much larger than the stalls, though it was very private. That is where she met with these people. Stacey was having trouble sleeping so she decided to go through my closets. Lara D joined her. My closet had two levels of hanger rods. I had to climb on a chair to actually reach the hangers on the top level. I went in and saw some of the things they were throwing away because they were throwing away some things that I really liked and didn't see why they would have a problem with them. In particular, they threw away two suits that fit me very well, that fit me best of any I own. I was particularly upset about this. They were talking about how atrocious they thought they were. I climbed on a chair and started taking the hangers from the higher rod and hanging them on the lower rod so they could go through those things. We are all concerned that Matthew might wake them when he gets home, if they actually do get to sleep. Lara D is concerned about him causing a problem with the people she is meeting with, especially because he had a very young Andrew S and Todd A with him. I think he might have had one of my other nephews with him as well but I can't recall now. They finally arrived and were being loud. I told him that the three of them needed to be very quiet and he needed to make sure that the younger two were quiet. At first, they were very quiet but soon someone started making noise and this upset someone. I think it might have been Lara D that got upset. In one of the larger stalls there was a platform. The floor of it was as high as my waist. Andrew was sleeping there. He had his head covered up so I didn't know right away who it was. I think I said something to him about needing to be very quiet but I also told Matthew to find a different place for him to sleep. When I'm in the bathroom this time, I walked around the wall opposite the stalls and am surprised to see there is another whole row of stalls. Along one wall of this area is shower stalls and opposite the shower stalls are closets without doors. The rods are unusually high to hang things. Beneath the rod, maybe 3 feet off the floor there is a shelf, that has a border across the front making it more of a bin than a shelf. There are boxes sitting in most of these. Some of them have clothes in them and some of the clothes are still in dry cleaner bags. There are a lot of duplicates and they appear to have belonged to a group of high school children. I didn't really understand why there were so many duplicates, like six or seven of the exact same garment. I combined some of the boxes because they didn't have much in them. Maybe I was just organizing them. I was talking to someone about how nice it was to have all of this extra space back there, to have all of these stalls and open closets.