I was walking someplace and came to a stone or cement wall. I'm not sure if it was rock or cement, but it was light gray. I had to get to the top of this wall. A lady walked up from behind me and said she would help me up and got up the wall very quickly and then reached her hand up and pulled me up. I was afraid that would be too much for her but she had no problem pulling me up. [I had forgotten about this dream until today when I transcribed - it more than a month later. Interestingly, over the last few days I have been thinking about writing a letter to Sara Blakely, founder of Spanx, about licensing my invention. I've been having just a bit of doubt about whether I should follow through with that, or if I do, what to put in the letter. Metaphorically, it could be said that Sara climbed an economic wall of success very quickly. She invented her first product 9 years ago, turned it into a business of her own from her apartment, and last year had revenues of $150 million.] At the top of the wall was a kind of trench. It was full of water. Now she is with a man that I think is Jesus. [I don't remember why I thought this.] They direct me to grab one of these inflatable rafts that are not yet inflated. When I laid it on the water it automatically inflated. I am walking downtown and it is just packed with people. There is an Easter parade. I'm kind of walking behind the parade because I know that is the easiest way for me to get through the crowd. There is something about ITI and someone that I worked with there or had met there. It was a man. He had hired Brian C to come back and teach. I was disappointed that this man had not called me to come and teach there. He apologized and said he just didn't think of me. He said he felt badly about that and he would absolutely remember and call me the next time he had an opening. I am out in the street and it is still packed with people. There is one section where there is a big circle with a stone wall that is about three feet high. There is so much color everywhere, and so many people, and so much noise. It's all very positive, not a bad or annoying thing. Around this circle there are four or five stations. At each station there is something I need to say, like answer a question. If I'm correct, they hand me a stone tablet, like you would see in Bible stories. Each tablet has one word carved into it. I've gotten three of them, all but one. When I approach the final station, the word on the tablet at the station is cherish. I don't know if I am supposed to explain why cherish is important or what it means or something else. I relate it to the other tablets that have words like love, hope, and faith on them. Maybe one of them had, [I don't know now. I waited two days to record this dream because there was so much to it and so much emotion. It did bring to mind how long it has been since I've been on retreat. I decided that I needed to spend yesterday in silent retreat and not do any of the things that I would normally do. Unfortunately, having the house totally quiet and trying to spend the time just praying, reading, and reflecting, I kept falling asleep. I ended up sleeping more than anything else. I can't even begin to explain the emotion attached to that dream. I don't know if I'm having trouble recording it because I waited so long. I think part of the reason that I waited was because I knew I would have trouble recording it, trouble putting the pieces together or recording it in any kind of accurate order.] I was flying and had some very colorful things in my hand. They were saturated, bright colors, not neon, and not jewel tones, but deep colors. There was some kind of pattern. It was like a flowing fabric. I was holding two corners, one with each hand. There was a pattern to it, though I don't know that it was just a pattern or some kind of dimension to it. I don't know how to explain it. Someone was observing me flying. As I moved these things around, they made a positive comment about me being able to do something very well, though I can't recall what that something was. Bill F and Daddy were both in the dream but I can't recall how.