I had decided to continue working for CAS part time, just whenever I could get over there to do some routine and organizational things for him, to help them stay organized. The office is still in the same building but looks very different than in waking life, though it looks the same as it has looked in other dreams. There is a long hallway with offices on both sides of the hallway. Brooke G is working there. I am thinking about how different she looks than her picture. In the dream, she is much shorter than in waking life and has thick, blonde hair, wearing it in a kind of Marilyn Monroe style. She is wearing a very fitted sweater and pencil skirt with stiletto heel shoes. She is also wearing bright red lipstick. Her makeup isn't heavy but it is very film-star looking. I am thinking how much more attractive she is than her photo on the web and that she should get an updated photo on the website. They have an empty office for me to work from when I am there, but they also use it for storage and just cram stuff in there anywhere and any way. I show up one day to work and can hardly get the door open because of all the stuff they have crammed in there on the floor and elsewhere. I end up finally making my way around to the other side of the desk, but I have to get down on the floor and move some things that is under there so I can even sit at the desk. Bill C is talking to me about some of this. I am trying to be calm and diplomatic in what I say, not letting my frustration be evident. I don't want to ruffle any feathers or cause any problems. DDSI has offices in the same suite across the hall. They asked me to come and talk with them about something, but didn't say what. I think I walked into the meeting with Joanne N. We were trying to figure out a time. Once or twice I leaned into their office to ask her if she had a time in mind yet. One time she responded that now was fine, but for some reason I didn't go in or go back right away. When I finally do go over it looks like they are moving in or moving out. Bobbie U is working at the receptionist desk of the suite, working for both CAS and DDSI.