I went to lunch somewhere and saw Holly U from ITI. She was just taking a seat at a rectangular table when she saw me and motioned for me to come over and eat with her and the people she was with. I walked over and before I sat down, I saw someone else from ITI that I knew well and walked over to say hello to that person. As I did, I wasn't thinking and began to sit down to the right of this person. I suddenly realized that I had walked away from Holly U. Fortunately there was one empty chair left at this table, on the end and to my right. I and the person across from me simultaneously asked Holly U to come and sit there, which she did. They begin talking about my chemisettes. I am now going back and forth between a number of tables, showing them to all of these different people from ITI. Quite a few of them want to buy them. I get frustrated with myself because I run out of style cards and out of samples to show people. Now I am at a table sitting across from Darren and Tony S. They are talking about something and I don't understand some of their comments. Tony S finally raises his left hand, palm away from me. As he tells me that he is now divorced I notice he is not wearing his wedding ring. Dorothy S left him. Darren left the table for a few minutes and Tony S and I had a very brief, indirect exchange, expressing a mutual interest in going on a date. He says that is against the code, meaning that it isn't right to go out with an ex of a good friend. I agree with him, yet I don't really want to honor such a code. Darren returns and Tony S and I are playing footsies under the table. [This dream reminds me of something Tony said to me many years ago. Not too long after Darren and I divorced, I attended a Halloween party at Tony's house. They had a psychic there to do readings for anyone who wanted one, so I sat with her for a reading. She told me I was going to meet a man with a first initial of L. After my reading, I was sharing with a group of people, including Tony, what she had said. Dorothy wasn't around. When I repeated what she had said about the man with the initial of L. People started saying men's names that begin with L. Tony said, "Lucky."]