I was at ECHS. I walked out of the room to find a restroom. I was a bit uncomfortable about people seeing me there and wondering who I was or why I was there. I walked around one square in the building, making four left turns, and didn't find a ladies room. Then I tried another section of the school, also a square of hallways. After I had walked completely around that square I still had not seen a restroom and was getting frustrated. I thought it was odd that they had so few restrooms in the school. There was a large group of people standing at the end of the last hallway I had checked. I saw an entrance that looked like it might be the restroom. I was trying to see around this group of people. I finally saw a sign indicating it was the mens room. I figured if I went just a bit further I would probably find the ladies room, which I did. When I went inside it looked a bit like a locker room, though not totally. All of the stalls were along one wall, none had doors on them, and they were set up differently than I had ever seen before. It seemed that all of the ones that had a little privacy, by being against the back wall, were nasty looking and I didn't want to use them. Since there was no one else in there I decided to go ahead and use one in the front row, about halfway down the row. As soon as I decided to do this five or six other women came in. Most of them chose to use the ones next to the back wall. Someone decided to use one right behind me. This made me very uncomfortable. I left the ladies room and decided I should go to the front office and tell them that I was there, just to avoid any problems for them or me. There were three people, at least two of them women, standing behind the counter. One was directly in front of me, I just slightly to my right and the other at a distance to my left. I told them I thought I should let someone know I was there so people wouldn't be wondering about the stranger roaming the halls. I mentioned that I had hoped to see Ms. Thompson and Mr. Linville while I was there, but I knew Ms. Thompson was now in class and I wasn't sure where Mr. Linville was. I'm sure my disappointment was apparent by the look on my face. The two women turned around to ask someone else about Mr. Linville. They didn't think he worked in that building. They were getting ready to say something about Ms. Thompson. It seemed that I was going to be able to see her after all. Just then, she walked into the office behind me and they say her name. I turn around and smile broadly. I was very happy to see her. She was considerably taller than I was. I looked up to her as I held out my hand. I told her that she may not remember me but I was a student in her English and Literature classes 34 years ago. I told her my name and she genuinely seemed to remember me. I told her she had been one of my favorite teachers, one of only two that I still think of from time to time, so I had hoped to say hello while I was there. I told her I had just recently completed my Ph.D. I was getting ready to leave the school. Each of the entrances had two sets of doors. One set was set in slightly further than the other, creating a bit of a foyer. As I was entering the foyer of one set of doors, on my way out, I saw Mr. Linville nearly at the other set of doors, on his way in. I stepped into the foyer and waited for him. As he entered the foyer I told him he was just the person I had hoped to see. He looked at me quizzically. I offered my hand as I told him that I was a student of his 34 years ago, during the first two years after ECHS had been built. He smiled but was still baffled. I told him my name and he smiled broadly and nodded his head yes. As with Ms Thompson, he genuinely seemed to remember me. I told him the same thing that I told Ms Thompson, that he was one of two teachers that I still think of from time to time. I also told him that he is the teacher that I appreciate most from those school years. He wanted to know why. I told him that it was because he treated me differently than other people did, like he really believed in me. I said that I didn't know if he knew anything about my home life, or how my parents told me that I shouldn't expect to be as smart as my older brother and sister and they wouldn't let me take the high school college prep classes and told me I would never go to college. But I told him that he always made me feel that I  had just as much potential as they did, and he was always very kind to me. Those were the things that I always remember about him. He seemed touched and genuinely pleased to hear these things. When I told him that I had recently completed my PhD he was literally beaming. 