I'm trying to hold a gray kitten. It's fighting me. It holds its body rigid and waits for me to relax my hold so it can spring away. I pet it and talk to it. Dylan holds it for a while and soothes it down. It starts to purr. Then I try again. It goes rigid again, but after a while it starts cuddling up and getting cute and friendly. I feel very pleased. I decide to chose this kitty to take home with me. Then it plays cute tricks and is very entertaining. I am at Aunt Elaine's house and cousins Dora and Willie are there. It's like Christmas. There are pretty ornaments. Some are a chance game. You put on an ornament in a certain way and win the game. I look for those kind but none are left. I see some pretty ornaments you just hang on the tree. They say "free" on them. It's kind of tame though. Then Ethan and cousin Willie find glass things that you can whistle through. They start a "jug band." I grab one and show how I can do high, clear notes. They signal that I can join them but only be the rhythm section and just blow the note every so often to accent their sound. A crowd draws around. Willie and Ethan put on a show and I tag along. I can't hear my note, it's so high, but the crowd can. It's loud and piercing to them. The crowd is milling around. Willie and Ethan get on a big truck (18 wheeler), and drive around, leaving me behind. I look and the crowd is using this opportunity to escape. I feel a little sad and embarrassed for Willie and Ethan who think they're putting on a great show. Then, 2 policemen come in. I play more notes. I can hear them more. They see a beautiful, sexy woman in a box with mirrors. If you guess where she really is, you go get her. They figure it out and get her and then they all play a game (like slot machines). I go up and look at the box. There are signs on it that say "no touching, etc." I lift up one mirror to peek in. I see one mirror slides up diagonally so the image is thrown in a different direction. I look down at the bottom and figure out she must be down there.