There is a social gathering. A man (like Harrison Ford), comes in and talks to people. He sees 2 women and a girl and comes over and talks to them. He knows one woman. He talks and then meanders on to talk to others. The next night, the same thing. The one woman starts waiting for him, a budding romance. Then one night, she and her daughter are waiting for him and watch him come in to the party. He doesn't come over. The daughter makes a snide remark. The woman gets upset because he doesn't come over, so she gets up to leave. That will show him. She gets to the door, hoping he'll care enough to boogie over. He sees it and does come over. The woman is glad. Now we're at the race track; he's a jockey and he's good. He wins a race. The next race is won by another young man, a friend. After the race, I (the woman) walk and he follows after to talk. So does the cocky young kid that won. He's full of energy and still wants to race. My male friend says, "Wait." He goes and gets his horse, a spotted pinto and another one. I get up behind him and he leads the other horse, so I have one to ride later. We ride like the wind. I wrap my arms around him and hold on tightly. I like him and I think he likes me. We're doing this to help the kid because he has so much energy, he would get into trouble if we don't help him. After the race, we go to a fenced-in dirt area. I get off the horse and lay down, my head pillowed in the dirt. It's comfortable. We're laying around, talking. A plain clothes cop comes up and starts asking questions. What's our names, etc. He asks a woman her name and the names of her two children. She gives false names. He leaves. She explains why she did that. He comes back and asks my name. I think about lying but then decide to tell him the truth. I say, "Barb Sanders." He says, "What?" I repeat it, very calmly and sure of myself. He then arrests the kid. The other gal goes to the kid and says, "Tony, I love you." Harrison and I look at each other. I had thought Harrison loved her at the beginning. The kid is happy that she loves him. Harrison comes over to me and says, "Remember at the beginning? It was because I knew her that I talked with her. I love you." I feel happy. Now they're being taken off to Russia to work off their debt. I wait for him. Then there is a composite letter. It is started by a Russian. It goes to Harrison, then to Tony, and then to me and the other girl and the guy's dad. The Russian starts it. It is simple English. I am standing on farmland reading it. The father is a lawyer. I know that soon, I'll have Harrison home with me and love him.