I'm going to an open house of new rooms at the community college. 3 VR counselors are going to move on campus. Zach is there. I ask him who the 3 will be, wondering if Blake will be there. He won't. I exclaim on the ornate and lovely wood work, banisters, etc. I ask why the hall is so narrow. Even VR doesn't understand about architectural barriers! Mabel and I go out. She gets a key out and opens a cubby hole to get a vase for her office. I see doll houses in there. I want them 5-6-7. I say, "Hey, I could use one of those in my office," but I want the one in the library (it's big and beautiful). These are seconds that have been stored. I ask if my key will do the lock. Mabel says, "Yes." I try to lock it up. It won't lock. My key will open it, but it won't close it. Mabel and I laugh. We then go to her pickup truck to go to the the community college party at the XXX Inn. We drive and can't find it. I ask some boys and they say, "Through there," pointing to a warehouse. Mabel drives in. I walk in. I see rows and rows of farming equipment. I am sure the boys are wrong. I go back to the entrance to find Mabel. I find her. We see people in Halloween costumes going up a hill. She says, "Keep an eye on that one, and I'll follow this other one." I walk fast. I am annoyed that I have to walk so far. There are lots of stairs and hills, and my body will hurt and I won't be able to enjoy the dance. As I walk, I realize I don't hurt. I feel good. I'm in a shopping center. I go down a long flight of stairs. There are rows of socks for sale and I have to walk on them. I get to the XXX Inn. Some people are already there in costume. I have my costume on, my brocade coat, a purple shawl, and a pretty old fashioned dress. I walk without a cane or a limp. I want no one to know who I am so they'll talk about me and I'll hear what they really think of me. The party hasn't started yet. I see Ethan, and he's with his wife. He follows me around and watches me. I sing a song. My costume changes to a more revealing and younger costume. He and I are standing. He comes closer and closer as he talks. Then I'm sitting on his lap. He says, "My arms belong around you. I love you both," (meaning his wife too). He wants to kiss me and I'm drawn to him but move slowly. I also don't want to. As we walk I say, "People here don't give the disabled a chance to perform." He smiles and says, "Me too?" I say, "Yes." He says, "You aren't performing because you aren't good enough. You haven't matured." I feel hurt. I disagree. I say, "I didn't want to be a mistress." I get up and go to the dance floor. I start dancing to show him I could do it. A guy dances with me. I'm good and Ethan is impressed. The guy does a fancy step that involves dropping into a hole under a doll house. As part of the dance, I peek in and see him. I like the inside of the doll house. I want to go in too, so I drop into the hole and go inside. Ethan is somewhere watching me.