Someone broke a leg, a girl. We needed to get her to a hospital room. A young man and I got her to a hospital room. I got her a pretty vase and filled it with champagne. I thought the young man gave her the champagne. He was being very supportive and then I went to tell the friends where she was. I find them, crowded in a room watching T.V. or something. They were supportive and gave me and the guy good food for free, like we could take it with us and save the price of an expensive meal. Then, I was on a boat trying to drive it. I'm going in circles. 2 big rocks and a road I narrowly miss. I was trying to sneak in where all the fancy ocean liners were. I snuck around narrowly missing the rocks and the road. It was pitch black outside. I stopped and looked around. I was surrounded by the beautiful lights of all these fancy ocean liners. I didn't want them to find out I was just a scow. There was something wrong with my engines. I tried to pull up to a side dock. A fancy ocean liner pulled up to assist. I tried to make light of it so they'd go away. They pulled a lever and my ship tipped on its side. They were going to look at my engine. I didn't want them to because then they'd know. The young man got a plum ball and checked the angle. I said, "45 degrees," but it was like 90. They discovered the fraud and I ran away. They yelled. Now I was going to sell papers to make some money. I got a bunch of newspapers and tried to get in a tree so people driving down the street could hear me. I used two white crutches (old fashioned y-shaped), to try and I got in the tree. I asked Zoe to hold it for me as they went sliding around. I got up there and yelled, "Papers! Get your paper here! 25 cents!" The name of the paper was La D. It was trashy (like the National Enquirer). People drove by. I was embarrassed but it was the only paper I had. A young man came over and looked up at me. He said, "I'll buy a paper." I feel glad and embarrassed. I liked him and didn't want to give him trash. I dug through my pile of newspapers; one had a hole in it. Another was missing a section. I looked for a nice one. I found one and saw it was a classy paper, like the Tribune,  or something. I gave it to him. He said, "Here is 75 cents," and handed me lots of coins. I had 2 dimes in my hand all ready. I started to figure out the change. He softly said, "You don't owe me any change. It's O.K. I want you to look at me closely. When you grow up, we're going to be in love." It was a nice feeling. I looked at him.