I've been kidnapped - held prisoner in a little frame house by a group of men, all typical bad-guy types, led by a smallish guy with dark hair and eyes and several days' growth of beard, and a big mustache. Looks like he's trying to be a Pancho Villa, sort of. They're not holding me for ransom, I don't think - it's a power trip and I'm being threatened with rape, though nothing's happened yet. I get moved from one room to another some, I'm not stuck in one place. I feel tense and dreadful, but not terrified. There are always hints and innuendoes about what can happen to me and mostly I just stay quiet and don't disturb anything in case I might draw attention to myself. Lori and Tom are here somewhere, but I don't know why. I think they're prisoners too but I'm not sure about their status. At least they don't seem to be getting the same treatment that I do, except that once the little nasty guy had Tom do some things with me. It was kind of like dancing and kind of like feeling me up but didn't go very far. At first I didn't know it wasTom and when I found out I was kind of relieved.Tom was kind of nervous and spooked, keeping quiet like me. At last they've left me alone again and I can look around - I find a way out and I can get outside when the guards aren't looking and run away. I check to see if their attention is elsewhere and take off. I don't have to run far to be able to "disappear" - the house is in an open, urban district, actually quite near a big industrial "yard" of some sort, and I suppose a factory or some such thing - I can see downtown rising across the space it's a little overcast today but no rain., There are also a few other buildings round here, like office buildings, and right here in the street (I guess) is a little art/crafts fair, with tables and displays of various pretty things. This is just far enough from the kidnappers' house I think I can keep out of sight here. (Actually I'm not even sure they know I'm gone - there's no hue and cry so far, but I'd better keep moving.) I feel quite light and cheerful, actually - this is fun. I look around some and then move on - I go into an office building nearby. It's small for an office building and has 8 floors. I believe I'll go up to 8 - I have the idea I'll be safer there and somehow I can run up there. The elevator door is right next to the building's commissary/deli - there are deli cases in a horseshoe around this smallish room, with only a few tables. The light's very dim here, except for the lights in the cases., There are several people here, waiting for the elevator, which is dead slow. While I'm waiting I go and look in the cases at the goodies, which are rather tempting, but I don't get anything. (Am I not hungry? Or don't I have any money?) The ladies in the white food-service-y uniforms behind the counters sort of lean on them casually like they're a little bored, but comfortable and remark that this elevator's always like that, isn't it awful? When I came in I pushed the button for the 8th floor (from the outside, yes) and it wouldn't light up. So I pushed some more, and harder, and eventually the button just caved in on itself and the inside showed the mechanism gone. You just can't go to the 8th floor at all. So finally the elevator shows up and the 5 or 6 of us get on, and by George the button for 8 is already pushed in here. I'm a bit frustrated, since I really wanted to go to 8. I guess I'll go to 7, but I'm not sure I know what's there and maybe it won't be as much fun.