I think it's time to wake up and go to school (high school). I get up, embarrassed and sleepy. I'm late, so I hurry. Then on my way to school, I wake up again to discover that I had been crawling on my belly to school sound asleep. I hear a Dixieland Jazz band with a good thumping bass. I look up and see dial-a-bus drivers marching down the street like a parade. I hear Herman saying that he can play good bass and if they'd liven up the music, he'd play for them. They politely smile and keep on going. He's too hippie for them. I look at my watch and I see that it is 3:20 a.m. No wonder I'm so sleepy! I can't believe it. Here I am at the entrance to school, not dressed (in my pj's). I see others dressed and going to class so I figure my watch must be wrong. I look at a clock at the school. It says 4:00 a.m. I think, "How weird. Usually it's 3:30 or 4:00 p.m. when I go home and here I am going to school at the same time only a.m." I go down the hall. A girl (Anita) goes by. I ask her the time. She says, "ll:00." Now I'm late and have missed my first class and a half! I feel confused and silly. I tell her what I had done. We go into the bathroom. I decide to take a bath. I get in the bathtub and realize that I had not bothered to take my clothes off! I had started to pull my jeans down but there I am, shoes and all soaking wet. I am amazed at myself and call Anita over and exclaim, "I'm so sleepy I didn't even take my clothes off. Now how am I going to go to class? I don't have any other clothes." She says, "Don't worry. There's always some clothes laying around in a suit case. We'll find something." Then I see some dresses and shirts of mine and I say, "Oh ya, I forgot. Here's some of my clothes I've left here before." I feel embarrassed because if I'd been thinking clearly, I'd have known that and she wouldn't be helping me. I'm still standing in the bathtub. I pull the plug to let the water drain. I see that I've had a bowel movement and I'm embarrassed. A laundry basket with clothes and towels is in the tub with me. I'm still standing. I'm tired of standing and I resent the fact that I didn't get to take a relaxing bath. I start to fold clothes. Anita is helping me. She sees the bowel movement and looks embarrassed. She says, "Don't worry, I'll clean it up," but I can see she doesn't want to. I say, "No, I'll do it." I scoop it out into the toilet and see french fries and fish sticks floating around also. I scoop them out too. I'm glad I took care of it myself and didn't let her do it for me (Anita sometimes reminds me of mother and sometimes reminds me of me.)