I'm in a hospital elevator. A woman nurse puts on a helmet like she's walking into a spaceship.  There are lots of beds in a row. I'm in one of the beds. I have to go to the bathroom. I get up and slowly walk down some stairs to the toilet. A girl friend helps me down the stairs and then rushes in to use the toilet first. I am annoyed and think she's rude. I stand there feeling tired and needing to go to the bathroom. I remark that I walked all that way barefooted. Then I go in. I go and go. It's painful and I think, "Oh no, I have a bladder infection. It's just starting. I'll have to take my medicine again." I walk back to my bed. Desmond comes in. I see him and feel shy. We used to be lovers and it's been a long time. I get up and light a candle on the dresser across the room. He sits on my bed. I walk back and sit on the bed. I try to get comfortable. I'm wearing a red shorty nightgown. I am aware of his eyes. I know he'd like to get back together again (like Elliot). Every position I get into looks inviting or sexy. He changes his position too. We get closer and closer. A T.V. is on. We both move to watch the T.V. Now we are very close. His shirt is off. He has beautiful golden soft skin. I want to caress it. I'm laying very close to him. He says, "I see your candle. Is it the one I gave you?" I look at it. It's a beautiful candle, a soft fragrance, pretty color, with lovely colored flames. I say, "No I burned your candle. It's all gone. But I got this one because it's like your candle and I liked it." I am embarrassed because I am indirectly telling him I like him. He starts talking about the old days, when we were together. I feel drawn to him. It's very sensual. He says, "I smell something burning." I look. There are 3 candles burning. One, his candle, is near something and I go over to look. A plant is too close to the candle, and a bud is on fire. I pull it away and put out the flame. Most of the plant falls off. I exclaim, "Look how it's grown. I got this plant this evening. It just had a few shoots and now there are long shoots and 2 or 3 buds." I feel sad that it's burnt and broken, but I feel O.K. because it grows fast and will regrow new buds. In a way, it's like it's been pruned and will regrow faster. I blow out all three candles and get back in bed with Paul.