I'm hitch hiking walking back home. I'm on the old highway from N City to M City. When I get to M City, I pick up my van with a wheelchair and drive back to E City. I am really stubborn. I want to walk it. I'm in the fast lane walking, and I decide to go on the side of the road so cars won't run over me. I look over my shoulder several times to see if cars are coming, and then I get on the side of the road. I'm walking fast and I'm hugging the side of the road so I won't get run over. I walk on wooden boards that are attached to chicken houses. It gets real narrow. I have to watch my footing. The chickens are mean. Some bite and I get scared. As I squeeze through near the ones that bite, I whimper and say, "Don't bite." They do a little but I get by. Now I'm on a second story level. I have to move a row of black animals to get to the edge to jump off to get back on the road. I pick up a puppy, a cat, a chicken, etc. and move them. A boy in a cage sees what I'm doing and verbally gives me encouragement. I feel an urgency to escape. I hop down and land in a dishwasher. I try to be quiet. For some reason that puzzles me. I pick up 4 plates, a sugar bowl and its lid. They are white and purple Melmac just like the set I had when I first married. I pick up a towel with holes to cover it up and I start walking. The young, angry, unhappy wife suspects I've taken her dishes and starts to follow me. I try to hide the dishes in the towel but they are awkward and keep slipping and showing through the hole. She gets in her car and tells her husband she's going to follow me to get to the bottom of this. He gently tries to dissuade her. He's on my side. She says, "No," and comes after me. He tells her as an aside that I'm usually in a wheelchair. She doesn't believe it. She asks me belligerently, "Are you usually in a wheelchair?" I say, "Yes, it's in M City. I'm walking to M City where I can pick up my van with a lift and my wheelchair." She is sitting on a chair mounted on the hood of the car and contemptuously offers me a ride to my van. I get stubborn. I don't want to be near her because she'll see the dishes and ask about them. For some reason it's important to walk to M City. I tell her, "I want to walk." I do. She's really angry and follows me. Her kind and patient husband comes along. I am stopped at a swimming pool along the road. All persons must swim before they are allowed through this small town and pay the price of admission. I am annoyed. Captain James T. Kirk is the mayor. I tell him, "I can't swim." He says, "No problem, just wade barefoot in a small pool and I'll let you go on." I clutch my dishes which rattle and keep slipping. I look at the pool. The incline to get to the pool is long and steep. I snort indignantly that I can't walk that steep an incline because of my ankles. He thinks for a moment. He says, "There is another alternative," and goes to his book of city ordinances. It is thick and has tabs with city ordinance #'s. When he opens it up to the one he wants, I look over his shoulder and see it's handwritten and the only one there. He obviously writes the rules as he sees fit, a very shady operation. He sees that the alternative is to go to a meeting of the Ladies Mayhem Society. l The dues are $50. I only have to pay $45 on account of I've already paid $5 for the swimming ticket. I prudently agree. I know I'm being cheated but I want out of there to get away from that angry wife and to get to M City, back on my journey. I think about dumping the dishes but I stubbornly refuse even though I'd be more comfortable without them. I have no use for them anyway. I go on. She follows me. The husband gives me a nice towel with no holes to better conceal the dishes.