A large rather horseshoe-shaped house - name "hacienda" comes to mind - I think it has red tile roofs, some parts are 2-story. A large group of people are staying here - house is neither my house nor a hotel, or an apartment building as far as I can tell, it may be an institution of some kind, like a school. The people here are more or less homogeneous - mostly my age, equal men and women - all engaged in something, which I think is putting on some kind of production. We operate together, but there's a lot of us and we have smaller groups for various tasks. [The house is old but not antique-y like some of my others. Lots of greenery around, reinforces the Mexican look of the place - or Southwestern, anyway. Whatever it is, it's a well-established one, comfortable and well-suited.] I'm in a back hallway, darkish, the only light comes from a window in the outside door at the end and a light on the telephone "booth" - one of those wall-things. Somebody who reminds me of Nan is using the phone. I wait for her and someone comes by us. For some reason I'm concerned, don't know why. Goes on down the hall. "She" finishes her call and we go down the hall ourselves and out and around to a gathering of people in a large, bright room with a lot of long tables in, I suppose, it's a dining hall. I don't see any food but maybe we're just finishing a meal. Anyway, we're all talking amongst ourselves and the guy who walked down the hall comes in and starts to berate me. It's all a lot of nonsense, he's really quite wrong, but he's really wild and seems to be coming unglued. Somebody (I think the guy next to me) faces him about it and he says (to wit) "Aha! You think I can't/won't do anything about this! We'll see about that!" And he brings out a large cobra. Everybody gasps and pulls back and he threatens with it like a madman and runs it over his fingers and all. I seem to be the most panic-stricken and I run, after I stare at it mesmerized for a minute, looking to see if it really is a cobra and if it isn't maybe this isn't so bad, but I think it is and this is big-time serious. I run out of the place and he follows. I run across the courtyard to a set of stairs and a little bitty sub-courtyard/patio and ask if they'll hide me. [Apparently not - I know I am back in that hallway again. May have been before the stairs or not. I do spend rather a while running from this guy. I am really afraid of that snake - they are really poisonous.