I'm in bed. Ginny comes and lays down next to me. She says, "Is it alright?" I feel unsure but trusting because we're friends. Then she pats her chest and says, "Here, lay your head on me." I do and she puts her arms around me. It feels very comfortable and safe. I really enjoy it and then I feel very sexually excited. It seems O.K. Then Ernie is there. Ginny and I grudgingly move apart. I want Ernie to go away so I can enjoy Ginny. Then Ginny is married to my cousin Terence. I think, "That's really strange because they are so opposite." She is unhappy. She's now my cousin-in-law. Ernie follows us sadly. Ginny and I are sitting next to each other. She's sadly telling me how he doesn't want her to work. He wants her home being a good housewife. I start to explain that his mother, my Aunt Camille, is an old-fashioned woman. I look up and see Uncle Lionel glaring at me. Other male relatives are sitting in a semi-circle. I still tell the truth but make it sound nicer. Instead of using a tone of voice that is putting her down, I speak softly and loving about how she was just brought up to believe a woman's place is in the home and taught Terence that women are supposed to be in the home. I say, "He won't change." She (Ginny), agrees. I follow her down the sidewalk; her two sons are with her. I think, "They are Ernie's boys. She didn't have any children with Terence." Then, she and I decide to fly away and leave them all. We struggle and struggle, flapping our arms. We can't seem to fly and I almost give up, but lots of men are around and they are an ugly crowd. Now there are 3 of us women trying to fly away. We make a gigantic effort and we start flying. At first, we're as high as the wires and stop and duck that. Then we hit some updraft and flow up into the sky. Soon we are smoothly gliding up and up and don't have to flap our arms. I am concerned because they can shoot at us, so we go as high and as far as we can. We realize that we'll have to hide now. We look for a mountain cabin. We find one. It's a motel. We have no money, no food. We think about ways we can get money. We decide the only way is to be prostitutes. We lure 3 guys in 3 cars to us. I have 3 men in my car, 2 standing and one laying down in the trunk. I sit on top of him. I'm so good that he has orgasm in just a few seconds. I feel a sense of accomplishment. I'm a good prostitute. One of the guys standing hands me $15. I say, "No, I said $50 to $100." He says, "Take it or leave it sister," and sneers. I feel calm. I stand up and put my hands on my hips like Wonder Woman and use my mind power. Their wallets float to me. They look flabbergasted. I smile. I look over at the other two cars. They have done the same. We have lots of money now and we fly away. We go to a mountain resort. We figure we're safe if we go in and register separately as no one knows what we really look like and our wings don't show. The third woman is a platinum blonde. We meet in the restaurant and "make acquaintance." I am looking forward to when we can go to the hotel room where we can be ourselves and not play act.