I get a call from Jamie. He asks me to move in and be his roommate for awhile. It helps to meet expenses and he needs me there so he won't look homosexual. He's an old friend, so I agree. I come to his apartment. I think about sleeping with his homosexual friends and getting our picture taken so they can have "proof" they aren't homosexual. I think, "It would be fun and a nice thing to do." Then I think, "Would the police believe a picture of two people making love was just a snapshot of daily activities? I mean, how many people have pictures taken of themselves making love? It would look suspicious." I call out to Jamie. He's in another room. He says, "Make yourself comfortable. Be with you in a minute." I decide I'm tired and look for the bedroom. I find his bedroom. It's lovely, a large king size bed, and a lovely window with a view. It's a nice apartment, so I unpack a few things. I put Muffin Cat down. I put my dream book and ink pen down (that writes blue and that I got at the conference in October). I put on my nighty (the maroon one), and get in bed. As I get comfortable, I begin to feel unsure. "Maybe he didn't want me in his bed. Maybe he has a second bedroom. Will he smell the fact that I'm on my period? Will I stain the sheets? What if I want to masturbate?" Jamie comes in the room. I sit up and say, "Maybe you want me to sleep somewhere else? It's O.K. My feelings won't be hurt. Just tell me what you had in mind." He says, "Ah, actually I'd rather you sleep in the other room." I say, O.K." I'm a little embarrassed but I feel O.K. about it. I then remember my dream book. I pick up the ink pen and look for the book. I would be embarrassed if he found it, especially if he read about the homosexual worries. I find it in the covers, near him. I pick it up and then gather my few clothes etc., and Muffin Cat. I follow him out the corridor. He points to a room. He has a funny smile on his face, like he's playing a mean joke. I go into the room to find myself in a huge dormitory ward, like destitute people in a hospital ward. A woman greets me. I see all these poor people and smell the hospital. I say to the woman, "There's a mistake. I won't sleep in here," and I go back to the door. I see Jamie in his bathrobe, sheepishly waiting for me. I say, "Very funny." We walk down the corridor. It's the outside of the apartment complex. To the left are stairs to apartment doors. To the right is a huge swimming pool. The outdoor safe tables, round and metal, are also in the pool, under water. I look at the pool and think, "How nice. After I get moved in, I'd like to swim." I think it is cold for the tables to be underwater. Then I notice Jamie is gone. He's gone back to the apartment and left me out there in the dark, in my nighty, with all my clothes in a sack. I yell, "Jamie, Jamie!" I am angry but I still care about him as a friend. He appears at an upstairs door and looks sheepishly. I tell him I don't appreciate the way he's behaving, leaving me in the dark and etc. I say, "Which one is your apartment?" He points and I start to walk up the stairs. The wooden stairs give way. The stairs were a rope, wood ladder and the rope snapped. I land, unhurt but shaken. He laughs. I say, "Now how am I going to get up there?" He points to the stairs next to his, his neighbors. He comes down to walk up with me. He is concerned now. He goes up the stairs. I start up the stairs. I get nearly to the top and then I see the rope start to go. I look up at Jamie and the stairs tilt. I am very annoyed at him. I grab the ladder and we fall. I realize that if I don't scramble up the ladder as it falls, I'll be hurt because it's a long way down. I scramble and end up inches form the ground, unhurt. Jamie growls at the landlord's apartment. He doesn't like him (because Jamie is a homo) and looks for the maintenance person. He comes out and looks at the situation. 2 women tenants come out and look at the situation. I see a third stairway I could use to get to Jamie's apartment but I think, "Huh! I'm getting a message here. 3rd time, the charm! There's some reason why I shouldn't go to Jamie's apartment. He obviously doesn't want me." Still, I wait for the maintenance man to fix the stairs. He's grumpy. He doesn't want to do it. The 2 women want the pinball or T.V. games hooked up. He shows them how to do it so they can do it themselves next time and not bother him. I say, "Well, that's all very interesting but it's not getting me anywhere." The maintenance man looks at the landlord's apartment and glares. He mutters that he wishes he'd get home, and slowly sets about fixing the stairs. I comment, "I don't like standing around in my underwear." Jamie laughs (embarrassed), and brags like a teenager, does an "embarrassed shuffle" with his body and says, "I have 100, or actually 83 pairs of underpants that were given to me," like presents from admiring men. I make a sarcastic comment. (Earlier in the dream, I wondered why I left my nice house to go with Jamie. I missed my house but felt I was doing Jamie a favor. It would also  save us both money. Jamie laughed and said a joke about me paying our way and I said no, "We both pay half." Then I asked if it was O.K. to have Muffin Cat. Jamie said, "Oh, I guess it's O.K. but you'll have to pay a $50 deposit).