Maggie and I are somewhere. On our way out, we see a table with piles of books on it. I am interested. Maggie says, "If you're interested, you can take what you want because they were review copies sent to the newspaper." I get up on the table which is now a room with shelves and knick knacks on it. A man, tired, comes by and confirms that we can take what we want. They are of no use to the newspaper. I see miniature doll house furniture, a ceramic persian cat with blue flowers, glassware that is beautiful and a candy dish. I am putting the ones I want in a spot on the floor. Maggie is busy doing the same. Her daughter is with her, sitting and watching. Maggie says, "I feel so young and happy again. It's been so long." Then a grouchy old lady comes by and says that there is a test we have to complete with a fee of $350 + $100. She has a small metal and glass devise. I say, "What?" Then I realize it's a $5 fee. I nod and go on looking at things. I say to Maggie, "I think she'll make us pay. I wish that guy were still here." Maggie says, "Don't worry about it." I ask her what she's found. She points to a red satin with fringe abbreviated outfit. I say, "You sure do feel young and happy." I then start looking on the shelves that she's at. I see beautiful candle holders. Maggie says, "Oh no! Those are mine." I grimace and say, "Are you sure? They sure are pretty." I feel a little envious and then keep looking. I see a scale. I play with it. It breaks open and cookies are there. Maggie gives me a look like, "Now see what you've done." I shrug innocently. "Are those cookies?," I ask her. She nods yes like she's dealing with an idiot and looks over her shoulder, warning me to be quiet so her daughter won't hear. Then I feel something between my teeth. I pull at it. It's a long string of thin pork fat. I pull and pull and it keeps coming. I can taste the pork flavor. I am a little embarrassed and wish it would get out of my teeth. I look over at the daughter. She's doing the same thing, so I don't feel so bad. Finally, I get it all out. I look at things some more. I comment that the woman is still watching and ask again "Are you sure these are free?" I'm just sure they aren't.