Arvonne, Maggie, and I are going to Veneta. We're on a motorcycle. We're almost out of gas. We're going to see a wheelchair basketball game. We're late, but if we hurry, whomever we're going to interview will still be there. It's getting dark. We're all three on the motorcycle. Arvonne is in front steering, I'm next using my legs to help us maintain balance. I say, "Look for a Mobil Station. We can put in $5 worth. We don't have time to fill up both tanks." We see a station and pull in. A grungy old man comes out and fills up one tank. Arvonne hands me 5 one dollar bills, so I won't have to put it on the credit card, which takes more time. Then it's my turn to drive. We're on a heavy and powerful machine. As we start to go, Arvonne says, "Wish we had time to get a beer." The man yells at us (as we're leaving), "I've got something." We stop. We're on a dirt, woodsy road and we look up the hill at him. He's offering us cans of lethal stuff, gasoline, lighter fluid, and says, "It has an alcohol content." We could get that. We look at each other, realizing he's offering us poison and politely say, "No thank you," and leave. We realize a cop is near, and as we are rebels and might get stopped, we walk the motorcycle to the street without starting the engine. It's hard to do. I'm the only one with working legs. I watch the traffic so we can pull in without getting run over. We try to get the motor started and finally, it powerfully kicks over. Then I see a car stopped in front of us. Some one has hit a beautiful dog, a golden animal. I feel sorry for it. I comment that it's not ours. We go around. The road is now covered with ground up crackers and it's very hard to get up the hill! We start to lug down and spin our wheels. Some janitor is at the top of the hill cleaning up the halls of a school. We get to the halls and start to drive. A door is there. We can go out where there's barbed wire or sneak through a locked door. A woman teacher (young), hears us talking about needing to get to the summer activities. George is pointing them out and how we'll sneak through the federal door. She looks disapprovingly. I assure her we won't do that. She offers to show us how to get through the barbed wire back to the road. We carefully step over the wire. She points to a device that tracks and shoots our laser beams to deter unauthorized persons. She says, "It doesn't work," and if we use caution, we can get through unhurt. I point out to her that I see a laser beam. It's slow and misses its mark. Then we sneak past it and go on.